Tenderly, day that I have loved, I close your eyes,
 And smooth your quiet brow, and fold your thin dead hands.
The grey veils of the half-light deepen; colour dies.
 I bear you, a light burden, to the shrouded sands,
Where lies your waiting boat, by wreaths of the sea's making
 Mist-garlanded, with all grey weeds of the water crowned.
There you'll be laid, past fear of sleep or hope of waking;
 And over the unmoving sea, without a sound,
Faint hands will row you outward, out beyond our sight,
 Us with stretched arms and empty eyes on the far-gleaming
And marble sand. . . . Beyond the shifting cold twilight,
 Further than laughter goes, or tears, further than dreaming,
There'll be no port, no dawn-lit islands!  But the drear
 Waste darkening, and, at length, flame ultimate on the deep.
Oh, the last fire -- and you, unkissed, unfriended there!
 Oh, the lone way's red ending, and we not there to weep!
(We found you pale and quiet, and strangely crowned with flowers,
 Lovely and secret as a child.  You came with us,
Came happily, hand in hand with the young dancing hours,
 High on the downs at dawn!)  Void now and tenebrous,
The grey sands curve before From the inland meadows,
 Fragrant of June and clover, floats the dark, and fills
The hollow sea's dead face with little creeping shadows,
 And the white silence brims the hollow of the hills.
Close in the nest is folded every weary wing,
 Hushed all the joyful voices; and we, who held you dear,
Eastward we turn and homeward, alone, remembering . . .
 Day that I loved, day that I loved, the Night is here!
Out of the nothingness of sleep,
 The slow dreams of Eternity,
There was a thunder on the deep:
 I came, because you called to me.
I broke the Night's primeval bars,
 I dared the old abysmal curse,
And flashed through ranks of frightened stars
 Suddenly on the universe!
The eternal silences were broken;
 Hell became Heaven as I passed. --
What shall I give you as a token,
 A sign that we have met, at last?
I'll break and forge the stars anew,
 Shatter the heavens with a song;
Immortal in my love for you,
 Because I love you, very strong.
Your mouth shall mock the old and wise,
 Your laugh shall fill the world with flame,
I'll write upon the shrinking skies
 The scarlet splendour of your name,
Till Heaven cracks, and Hell thereunder
 Dies in her ultimate mad fire,
And darkness falls, with scornful thunder,
 On dreams of men and men's desire.
Then only in the empty spaces,
 Death, walking very silently,
Shall fear the glory of our faces
 Through all the dark infinity.
So, clothed about with perfect love,
 The eternal end shall find us one,
Alone above the Night, above
 The dust of the dead gods, alone.
Oh! Death will find me, long before I tire
 Of watching you; and swing me suddenly
Into the shade and loneliness and mire
 Of the last land!  There, waiting patiently,
One day, I think, I'll feel a cool wind blowing,
 See a slow light across the Stygian tide,
And hear the Dead about me stir, unknowing,
 And tremble.  And I shall know that you have died,
And watch you, a broad-browed and smiling dream,
 Pass, light as ever, through the lightless host,
Quietly ponder, start, and sway, and gleam --
 Most individual and bewildering ghost! --
When the white flame in us is gone,
 And we that lost the world's delight
Stiffen in darkness, left alone
 To crumble in our separate night;
When your swift hair is quiet in death,
 And through the lips corruption thrust
Has stilled the labour of my breath --
 When we are dust, when we are dust! --
Not dead, not undesirous yet,
 Still sentient, still unsatisfied,
We'll ride the air, and shine, and flit,
 Around the places where we died,
And dance as dust before the sun,
 And light of foot, and unconfined,
Hurry from road to road, and run
 About the errands of the wind.
And every mote, on earth or air,
 Will speed and gleam, down later days,
And like a secret pilgrim fare
 By eager and invisible ways,
Nor ever rest, nor ever lie,
 Till, beyond thinking, out of view,
One mote of all the dust that's I
 Shall meet one atom that was you.
Then in some garden hushed from wind,
 Warm in a sunset's afterglow,
The lovers in the flowers will find
 A sweet and strange unquiet grow
Upon the peace; and, past desiring,
 So high a beauty in the air,
And such a light, and such a quiring,
 And such a radiant ecstasy there,
They'll know not if it's fire, or dew,
 Or out of earth, or in the height,
Singing, or flame, or scent, or hue,
 Or two that pass, in light, to light,
Out of the garden, higher, higher. . . .
 But in that instant they shall learn
The shattering ecstasy of our fire,
 And the weak passionless hearts will burn
And faint in that amazing glow,
 Until the darkness close above;
And they will know -- poor fools, they'll know! --
 One moment, what it is to love.
As those of old drank mummia
 To fire their limbs of lead,
Making dead kings from Africa
 Stand pandar to their bed;
Drunk on the dead, and medicined
 With spiced imperial dust,
In a short night they reeled to find
 Ten centuries of lust.
So I, from paint, stone, tale, and rhyme,
 Stuffed love's infinity,
And sucked all lovers of all time
 To rarify ecstasy.
Helen's the hair shuts out from me
 Verona's livid skies;
Gypsy the lips I press; and see
 Two Antonys in your eyes.
The unheard invisible lovely dead
 Lie with us in this place,
And ghostly hands above my head
 Close face to straining face;
Their blood is wine along our limbs;
 Their whispering voices wreathe
Savage forgotten drowsy hymns
 Under the names we breathe;
Woven from their tomb, and one with it,
 The night wherein we press;
Their thousand pitchy pyres have lit
 Your flaming nakedness.
For the uttermost years have cried and clung
 To kiss your mouth to mine;
And hair long dust was caught, was flung,
 Hand shaken to hand divine,
And Life has fired, and Death not shaded,
 All Time's uncounted bliss,
And the height o' the world has flamed and faded,
 Love, that our love be this!
I dreamt I was in love again
 With the One Before the Last,
And smiled to greet the pleasant pain
 Of that innocent young past.
But I jumped to feel how sharp had been
 The pain when it did live,
How the faded dreams of Nineteen-ten
 Were Hell in Nineteen-five.
The boy's woe was as keen and clear,
 The boy's love just as true,
And the One Before the Last, my dear,
 Hurt quite as much as you.
Sickly I pondered how the lover
 Wrongs the unanswering tomb,
And sentimentalizes over
 What earned a better doom.
Gently he tombs the poor dim last time,
 Strews pinkish dust above,
And sighs, "The dear dead boyish pastime!
 But THIS -- ah, God! -- is Love!"
-- Better oblivion hide dead true loves,
 Better the night enfold,
Than men, to eke the praise of new loves,
 Should lie about the old!
Oh! bitter thoughts I had in plenty.
 But here's the worst of it --
I shall forget, in Nineteen-twenty,
 YOU ever hurt abit!
Here, where love's stuff is body, arm and side
 Are stabbing-sweet 'gainst chair and lamp and wall.
In every touch more intimate meanings hide;
 And flaming brains are the white heart of all.
Here, million pulses to one centre beat:
 Closed in by men's vast friendliness, alone,
Two can be drunk with solitude, and meet
 On the sheer point where sense with knowing's one.
Here the green-purple clanging royal night,
 And the straight lines and silent walls of town,
And roar, and glare, and dust, and myriad white
 Undying passers, pinnacle and crown
Intensest heavens between close-lying faces
 By the lamp's airless fierce ecstatic fire;
And we've found love in little hidden places,
 Under great shades, between the mist and mire.
Stay! though the woods are quiet, and you've heard
 Night creep along the hedges.  Never go
Where tangled foliage shrouds the crying bird,
 And the remote winds sigh, and waters flow!
Lest -- as our words fall dumb on windless noons,
 Or hearts grow hushed and solitary, beneath
Unheeding stars and unfamiliar moons,
 Or boughs bend over, close and quiet as death, --
Unconscious and unpassionate and still,
 Cloud-like we lean and stare as bright leaves stare,
And gradually along the stranger hill
 Our unwalled loves thin out on vacuous air,
And suddenly there's no meaning in our kiss,
 And your lit upward face grows, where we lie,
Lonelier and dreadfuller than sunlight is,
 And dumb and mad and eyeless like the sky.
My restless blood now lies a-quiver,
 Knowing that always, exquisitely,
This April twilight on the river
 Stirs anguish in the heart of me.
For the fast world in that rare glimmer
 Puts on the witchery of a dream,
The straight grey buildings, richly dimmer,
 The fiery windows, and the stream
With willows leaning quietly over,
 The still ecstatic fading skies . . .
And all these, like a waiting lover,
 Murmur and gleam, lift lustrous eyes,
Drift close to me, and sideways bending
 Whisper delicious words.  But I
Stretch terrible hands, uncomprehending,
 Shaken with love; and laugh; and cry.
My agony made the willows quiver;
 I heard the knocking of my heart
Die loudly down the windless river,
 I heard the pale skies fall apart,
And the shrill stars' unmeaning laughter,
 And my voice with the vocal trees
Weeping.  And Hatred followed after,
 Shrilling madly down the breeze.
In peace from the wild heart of clamour,
 A flower in moonlight, she was there,
Was rippling down white ways of glamour
 Quietly laid on wave and air.
Her passing left no leaf a-quiver.
 Pale flowers wreathed her white, white brows.
Her feet were silence on the river;
 And "Hush!" she said, between the boughs.
And with the starred tiareÕs white,	
And white birds in the dark ravine,	
And flamboyants ablaze at night,	
And jewels, and eveningÕs after-green,	   
I have peace to weigh your worth, now all is over,
 But if to praise or blame you, cannot say.
For, who decries the loved, decries the lover;
 Yet what man lauds the thing he's thrown away?
Be you, in truth, this dull, slight, cloudy naught,
 The more fool I, so great a fool to adore;
But if you're that high goddess once I thought,
 The more your godhead is, I lose the more.
Dear fool, pity the fool who thought you clever!
 Dear wisdom, do not mock the fool that missed you!
Most fair, -- the blind has lost your face for ever!
 Most foul, -- how could I see you while I kissed you?
I came back late and tired last night
 Into my little room,
To the long chair and the firelight
 And comfortable gloom.
It was some trick of the firelight
 That made me see her there.
It was a chance of shade and light
 And the cushion in the chair.
Hands and lit faces eddy to a line;
 The dazed last minutes click; the clamour dies.
Beyond the great-swung arc o' the roof, divine,
 Night, smoky-scarv'd, with thousand coloured eyes
Glares the imperious mystery of the way.
 Thirsty for dark, you feel the long-limbed train
Throb, stretch, thrill motion, slide, pull out and sway,
 Strain for the far, pause, draw to strength again. . . .
As a man, caught by some great hour, will rise,
 Slow-limbed, to meet the light or find his love;
And, breathing long, with staring sightless eyes,
 Hands out, head back, agape and silent, move
Sure as a flood, smooth as a vast wind blowing;
 And, gathering power and purpose as he goes,
Unstumbling, unreluctant, strong, unknowing,
 Borne by a will not his, that lifts, that grows,
Sweep out to darkness, triumphing in his goal,
 Out of the fire, out of the little room. . . .
-- There is an end appointed, O my soul!
 Crimson and green the signals burn; the gloom
Is hung with steam's far-blowing livid streamers.
 Lost into God, as lights in light, we fly,
Grown one with will, end-drunken huddled dreamers.
 The white lights roar.  The sounds of the world die.
And lips and laughter are forgotten things.
 Speed sharpens; grows.  Into the night, and on,
The strength and splendour of our purpose swings.
 The lamps fade; and the stars.  We are alone.
The way that lovers use is this;
 They bow, catch hands, with never a word,
And their lips meet, and they do kiss,
 -- So I have heard.
They queerly find some healing so,
 And strange attainment in the touch;
There is a secret lovers know,
 -- I have read as much.
And theirs no longer joy nor smart,
 Changing or ending, night or day;
But mouth to mouth, and heart on heart,
 -- So lovers say.
FARE thee well! and if for ever,	
  Still for ever, fare thee well:	
Even though unforgiving, never	
  ÕGainst thee shall my heart rebel.	
 
Would that breast were bared before thee	        
  Where thy head so oft hath lain,	
While that placid sleep came oÕer thee	
  Which thou neÕer canst know again:	
 
Would that breast, by thee glanced over,	
  Every inmost thought could show!	        
Then thou wouldst at last discover	
  ÕTwas not well to spurn it so.	
 
Though the world for this commend theeÑ	
  Though it smile upon the blow,	
Even its praises must offend thee,	        
  Founded on anotherÕs woe:	
 
Though my many faults defaced me,	
  Could no other arm be found,	
Than the one which once embraced me,	
  To inflict a cureless wound?	        
 
Yet, oh yet, thyself deceive not;	
  Love may sink by slow decay,	
But by sudden wrench, believe not	
  Hearts can thus be torn away:	
 
Still thine own its life retaineth,	        
  Still must mine, though bleeding, beat;	
And the undying thought which paineth	
  IsÑthat we no more may meet.	
 
These are words of deeper sorrow	
  Than the wail above the dead;	        
Both shall live, but every morrow	
  Wake us from a widowÕd bed.	
 
And when thou wouldst solace gather,	
  When our childÕs first accents flow,	
Wilt thou teach her to say ÔFather!Õ	        
  Though his care she must forego?	
 
When her little hands shall press thee,	
  When her lip to thine is pressÕd,	
Think of him whose prayer shall bless thee,	
  Think of him thy love had blessÕd!	        
 
Should her lineaments resemble	
  Those thou never more mayÕst see,	
Then thy heart will softly tremble	
  With a pulse yet true to me.	
 
All my faults perchance thou knowest,	        
  All my madness none can know;	
All my hopes, whereÕer thou goest,	
  Wither, yet with thee they go.	
 
Every feeling hath been shaken;	
  Pride, which not a world could bow,	        
Bows to theeÑby thee forsaken,	
  Even my soul forsakes me now:	
 
But Õtis doneÑall words are idleÑ	
  Words from me are vainer still;	
But the thoughts we cannot bridle	        
  Force their way without the will.	
 
Fare thee well! thus disunited,	
  Torn from every nearer tie,	
SearÕd in heart, and lone, and blighted,	
  More than this I scarce can die.
ÕTIS time this heart should be unmoved,	
  Since others it hath ceased to move:	
Yet, though I cannot be beloved,	
      Still let me love!	
 
My days are in the yellow leaf;	        
  The flowers and fruits of love are gone;	
The worm, the canker, and the grief	
      Are mine alone!	
 
The fire that on my bosom preys	
  Is lone as some volcanic isle;	        
No torch is kindled at its blazeÑ	
      A funeral pile.	
 
The hope, the fear, the jealous care,	
  The exalted portion of the pain	
And power of love, I cannot share,	        
      But wear the chain.	
 
But Õtis not thusÑand Õtis not hereÑ	
  Such thoughts should shake my soul, nor now,	
Where glory decks the heroÕs bier,	
      Or binds his brow.	        
 
The sword, the banner, and the field,	
  Glory and Greece, around me see!	
The Spartan, borne upon his shield,	
      Was not more free.	
 
Awake! (not GreeceÑshe is awake!)	        
  Awake, my spirit! Think through whom	
Thy life-blood tracks its parent lake,	
      And then strike home!	
 
Tread those reviving passions down,	
  Unworthy manhood!Ñunto thee	        
Indifferent should the smile or frown	
      Of beauty be.	
 
If thou regretÕst thy youth, why live?	
  The land of honourable death	
Is here:Ñup to the field, and give	        
      Away thy breath!	
 
Seek outÑless often sought than foundÑ	
  A soldierÕs grave, for thee the best;	
Then look around, and choose thy ground,	
      And take thy rest.
    She doth not tack from side to side--
      Hither to work us weal
    Withouten wind, withouten tide
      She steddies with upright keel.
    Their souls did from their bodies fly,--
      They fled to bliss or woe;
    And every soul it pass'd me by,
      Like the whiz of my Cross-bow.
    The coming wind doth roar more loud;
      The sails do sigh, like sedge:
    The rain pours down from one black cloud
      And the Moon is at its edge.
    I pray'd and turn'd my head away
      Forth looking as before.
    There was no breeze upon the bay,
      No wave against the shore.
    The rock shone bright, the kirk no less
      That stands above the rock:
    The moonlight steep'd in silentness
      The steady weathercock.
    The pilot, and the pilot's boy
      I heard them coming fast:
    Dear Lord in Heaven! it was a joy,
      The dead men could not blast.
    Farewell, farewell! but this I tell
      To thee, thou wedding-guest!
    He prayeth well who loveth well
      Both man and bird and beast.
1   Smile, O master of life,
2   Safe in thy silver house,
3   Be pleased with thy pleasant wife--
4   Soon thou hast woe for spouse.
5   Joy and joy are thy choice--
6   (Shrewd art thou past a doubt!)
7   Take they joy and rejoice--
8   Sorrow shall find thee out.
9   Laugh thou loud at the fool
10   Munching his bitter bread;--
11   Surely as thou dost rule
12   One shall rule in thy stead.
13   What though thy heart be flame,
14   And perfume all thy breath?--
15   Who hath written thy name
16   Here in the book of Death?
17   Yea, though thou shine rose-white
18   Or though thou burn rose-red,
19   Upon the lawful night
20   Thou shalt lie spent and sped.
21   Drink that is soft and sound!
22   Meats for the delicate maw!--
23   Already the beldame is found
24   Who shall tape-up that jaw.
25   Build through the golden day
26   Cunning in every stroke--
27   Adze from his bench must say,
28   "Shall it be elm or oak?"
29   And though thou hast all grace,
30   All wisdom, and all wit,
31   Mattock, in the right place,
32   Will delve the appointed pit.
33   With faith thou art rich; and firm
34   In hopes like the young east--
35   Let us promise the worm
36   His certain year-long feast!
37   Fool that no man calls master,
38   Irredeemable slave,
39   Born for the stark disaster
40   With nothing to hope or have.
41   Inasmuch as thou moilest
42   For sour and scanty bread,
43   Rejoice, for wherever thou toilest
44   One shall toil in thy stead.
45   And inasmuch as they gall thee
46   And bitterness is thy breath,
47   On a day they shall call thee
48   Forth to thy lawful death.
49   Let it not be forgotten,
50   This is the sure reward--
51   Thou shalt lie dead and rotten,
52   Even as dead as thy lord.
53   So with the brand or the feather
54   Each hath his tally and term--
55   Let us sup nobly together,
56   "Here's to the ultimate worm!"
57   Lo, there is anguish and wailing
58   Out of the world and her wars,
59   A cry goeth up unavailing
60   Unto the steadfast stars.
61   Set on sweet thrones they glister
62   Over our pain and ruth,
63   Each to her shining sister
64   Telling the wordless truth.
65   Though we be fools or sages,
66   Who is it conquereth?
67   Death shall pay this world's wages;
68   All that he pays is death.
69   By the prayers ye have faltered,
70   By the blood and the tears,
71   Which is the law ye have altered
72   In all the faithful years?
73   No new sign hath been given,
74   No new tale is to tell--
75   And still the earth is heaven,
76   And still the souls are hell.
77   Death for life is the guerdon,
78   "Life for death" is the ban;
79   None might carry the burden,
80   Only the sons of man.
81   Of whom there is no daunting
82   Beneath the pitiless sky,
83   For whom the final vaunting
84   Is "men can only die."
85   CursÃ¨d be he that setteth
86   Snares for the bleeding feet;
87   CursÃ¨d be he that getteth,
88   And giveth not, good wheat.
89   CursÃ¨d be he that showeth,
90   Unto the simple, lies;
91   CursÃ¨d be he that throweth
92   Dust in the star-set eyes.
Although the ftronger conftitutions fhall
Weare out th'infection of diftempred dayes,
And come with glory to out-liue this fall :
Recou'ring of another fpringing of Praife,
    Vppon this sinfull earth
    If man can happy be,
    And higher then his birth,
    (Frend) take him thus from me.
    Whome promise not deceiues
    That he the breach should rue,
    Nor constant reason leaues
    Opinion to pursue.
    To rayse his mean estate
    That sooths no wanton's sinne,                             
    Doth that preferment hate
    That virtue doth not winne.
    Nor brauery doth admire,
    Nor doth more loue professe
    To that he doth desire,
    Then that he doth possesse.
    Loose humor nor to please,
    That neither spares nor spends,
    But by discretion weyes
    What is to needfull ends.                                  
    To him deseruing not
    Not yeelding, nor doth hould
    What is not his, doing what
    He ought not what he could.
    Whome the base tyrants will
    Soe much could neuer awe
    As him for good or ill
    From honesty to drawe.
    Whose constancy doth rise
    'Boue vndeserued spight                                           
    Whose valewr's to despise
    That most doth him delight.
    That earely leaue doth take
    Of th' world though to his payne
    For virtues onely sake
    And not till need constrayne.
    Noe man can be so free
    Though in imperiall seate
    Nor Eminent as he
    That deemeth nothing greate.                                
Cupid then her Sight directed
  To a lately Wedded Pair;
Where Himself the Match effected;
  They as Youthful, they as Fair.
Having by Example carry'd
  This first Point in the Dispute;
WORSELEY next he said's not Marry'd:
  Her's with Cupid's Charms may suit.
The Hog, the Sheep, and Goat, carrying to a FAIR.
  Who does not wish, ever to judge aright,
    And, in the Course of Life's Affairs,
  To have a quick, and far extended Sight,
Silvia, let's from the Croud retire;
  For, What to you and me
(Who but each other do desire)
  Is all that here we see?
Apart we'll live, tho' not alone;
  For, who alone can call
Those, who in Desarts live with One,
  If in that One they've All?
The World a vast Meander is,
  Where Hearts confus'dly stray;
Where Few do hit, whilst Thousands miss
  The happy mutual Way:
Where Hands are by stern Parents ty'd,
  Who oft, in Cupid's Scorn,
Do for the widow'd State provide,
  Before that Love is born:
Where some too soon themselves misplace;
  Then in Another find
The only Temper, Wit, or Face,
  That cou'd affect their Mind.
Others (but oh! avert that Fate!)
  A well-chose Object change:
Fly, Silvia, fly, ere 'tis too late;
  Fall'n Nature's prone to range.
And, tho' in heat of Love we swear
  More than perform we can;
No Goddess, You, but Woman are,
  And I no more than Man.
Th' impatient Silvia heard thus long;
  Then with a Smile reply'd;
Those Bands cou'd ne'er be very strong,
  Which Accidents divide.
Who e'er was mov'd yet to go down,
  By such o'er-cautious Fear;
Or for one Lover left the Town,
  Who might have Numbers here?
Your Heart, 'tis true, is worth them all,
  And still preferr'd the first;
But since confess'd so apt to fall,
  'Tis good to fear the worst.
In ancient History we meet
  A flying Nymph betray'd;
Who, had she kept in fruitful Crete,
  New Conquest might have made.
And sure, as on the Beach she stood,
  To view the parting Sails;
She curs'd her self, more than the Flood,
  Or the conspiring Gales.
False Theseus, since thy Vows are broke,
  May following Nymphs beware:
Methinks I hear how thus she spoke,
  And will not trust too far.
In Love, in Play, in Trade, in War
  They best themselves acquit,
Who, tho' their Int'rests shipwreckt are,
  Keep unreprov'd their Wit.
FOR Socrates a House was built,
  Of but inferiour Size;
Not highly Arch'd, nor Carv'd, nor Gilt;
  The Man, 'tis said, was Wise.
But Mob despis'd the little Cell,
  That struck them with no Fear;
Whilst Others thought, there should not dwell
  So great a Person there.
How shou'd a due Recourse be made
  To One, so much Admir'd?
Where shou'd the spacious Cloth be laid,
  Or where the Guests retir'd?
Believe me, quoth the list'ning Sage,
  'Twas not to save the Charge;
That in this over-building Age,
  My House was not more large.
But this for faithful Friends, and kind,
  Was only meant by me;
Who fear that what too streight you find,
  Must yet contracted be.
Nor with the Happiness I taste,
  Let any jealous Doubts contend:
Her Friendship is secure to last,
  Beginning where all others end.
    Thy love, fair nymph, that courts thee on this plain,
    As shepherds say and all the world can tell,
    Is that foul rude Sicilian Cyclop-swain;
    A shame, sweet nymph, that he with thee should mell.
    Nay, then I see, sweet nymph, thou art in love,
    And loving, dotes; and doting, dost commend
    Foul to be fair; this oft do lovers prove;
    I wish him fairer, or thy love an end.
    If sad complaint would show a lover's pain,
    Or tears express the torments of my heart,
    If melting sighs would ruth and pity gain,
    Or true laments but ease a lover's smart;
    Then should my plaints the thunder's noise surmount,
    And tears like seas should flow from out my eyes;
    Then sighs like air should far exceed all count,
    And true laments with sorrow dim the skies.
    But plaints and tears, laments and sighs I spend,
    Yet greater torments do my heart destroy;
    I could all these from out my heart still send,
    If after these I might my love enjoy.
    But heavens conspire, and heavens I must obey,
    That seeking love I still must want my ease;
    For greatest joys are tempered with delay,
    Things soon obtained do least of all us please.
    My thoughts repine and think the time too long,
    My love impatient wisheth to obtain;
    I blame the heavens that do me all this wrong
    To make me loved and will not ease my pain.
    No pain like this, to love and not enjoy;
    No grief like this, to mourn and not be heard;
    No time so long as that which breeds annoy;
    No hell like this, to love and be deferred!
    But heaven shall stand and earth inconstant fly,
    The sun shall freeze and ice inconstant burn,
    The mountains flow and all the earth be dry,
    Ere time shall force my loving thoughts to turn.
    Do you resolve, sweet love, to do the same,
    Say that you do, and seal it with a kiss.
    Then shall our truths the heavens' unkindness blame
    That can not hurt yet show their spite in this.
    The silly 'prentice bound for many years,
    Doth hope that time his service will release;
    The town beseiged that lives in midst of fears,
    Doth hope in time the cruel wars will cease.
    The toiling plough-man sings in hope to reap,
    The tossed bark expecteth for a shore;
    The boy at school to be at play doth leap,
    And straight forgets the fear he had before.
    If those by hope do joy in their distress,
    And constant are in hope to conquer time,
    Then let not hope in us, sweet friend, be less,
    And cause our love to wither in the prime.
SAY, cruel IRIS, pretty rake,
Dear mercenary beauty,
What annual offering shall I make,
Expressive of my duty?
My heart, a victim to thine eyes,                                
Should I at once deliver,
Say, would the angry fair one prize
The gift, who slights the giver?
A bill, a jewel, watch, or toy,
My rivals give--and let 'em;                                     
If gems, or gold, impart a joy,
I'll give them--when I get 'em.
I'll give--but not the full-blown rose,
Or rose-bud more in fashion;
Such short-liv'd offerings but disclose                          
A transitory passion.
I'll give thee something yet unpaid,
Not less sincere, than civil:
I'll give thee--Ah!  too charming maid,
I'll give thee--To the devil.                                    
WEEPING, murmuring, complaining,
Lost to every gay delight;
MYRA, too sincere for feigning,
Fears th' approaching bridal night.
Yet, why impair thy bright perfection?                           
Or dim thy beauty with a tear?
Had MYRA followed my direction,
She long had wanted cause of fear.
AMIDST the clamour of exulting joys,
Which triumph forces from the patriot heart,
Grief dares to mingle her soul-piercing voice,
And quells the raptures which from pleasures start.
O WOLFE!  to thee a streaming flood of woe,                      
Sighing we pay, and think e'en conquest dear;
QUEBEC in vain shall teach our breast to glow,
Whilst thy sad fate extorts the heart-wrung tear.
Alive the foe thy dreadful vigour fled,
And saw thee fall with joy-pronouncing eyes:                     
Yet they shall know thou conquerest, though dead--
Since from thy tomb a thousand heroes rise!
GOOD people all, with one accord,
Lament for Madam BLAIZE,
Who never wanted a good word--
'From those who spoke her praise'.
The needy seldom pass'd her door,                                
And always found her kind;
She freely lent to all the poor,--
'Who left a pledge behind'.
She strove the neighbourhood to please,
With manners wond'rous winning,                                  
And never follow'd wicked ways,--
'Unless when she was sinning'.
At church, in silks and satins new,
With hoop of monstrous size,
She never slumber'd in her pew,--                                
'But when she shut her eyes'.
Her love was sought, I do aver,
By twenty beaux and more;
The king himself has follow'd her,--
'When she has walk'd before'.                                    
But now her wealth and finery fled,
Her hangers-on cut short all;
The doctors found, when she was dead,--
'Her last disorder mortal'.
Let us lament, in sorrow sore,                                   
For Kent-street well may say,
That had she liv'd a twelve-month more,--
'She had not died to-day'.
YE Muses, pour the pitying tear
For Pollio snatch'd away;
O!  had he liv'd another year!--
'He had not died to-day'.
O!  were he born to bless mankind,                               
In virtuous times of yore,
Heroes themselves had fallen behind!--
'Whene'er he went before'.
How sad the groves and plains appear,
And sympathetic sheep;                                           
Even pitying hills would drop a tear!--
'If hills could learn to weep'.
His bounty in exalted strain
Each bard might well display;
Since none implor'd relief in vain!--                            
'That went reliev'd away'.
And hark!  I hear the tuneful throng
His obsequies forbid,
He still shall live, shall live as long!--
'As ever dead man did'.                                          
IN all my Enna's beauties blest,
Amidst profusion still I pine;
For though she gives me up her breast,
Its panting tenant is not mine.
'TURN, gentle hermit of the dale,
And guide my lonely way,
To where yon taper cheers the vale
With hospitable ray.
'For here, forlorn and lost I tread,                             5
With fainting steps and slow;
Where wilds immeasurably spread,
Seem length'ning as I go.'
'Forbear, my son,' the hermit cries,
'To tempt the dangerous gloom;                                   10
For yonder faithless phantom flies
To lure thee to thy doom.
'Here to the houseless child of want
My door is open still;
And though my portion is but scant,                              15
I give it with good will.
'Then turn to-night, and freely share
Whate'er my cell bestows;
My rushy couch, and frugal fare,
My blessing and repose.                                          20
'No flocks that range the valley free
To slaughter I condemn:
Taught by that power that pities me,
I learn to pity them.
'But from the mountain's grassy side                             25
A guiltless feast I bring;
A scrip with herbs and fruits supplied,
And water from the spring.
'Then, pilgrim, turn, thy cares forgo;
All earth-born cares are wrong:                                  30
Man wants but little here below,
Nor wants that little long.'
Soft as the dew from heav'n descends,
His gentle accents fell:
The modest stranger lowly bends,                                 35
And follows to the cell.
Far in a wilderness obscure
The lonely mansion lay;
A refuge to the neighbouring poor
And strangers led astray.                                        40
No stores beneath its humble thatch
Requir'd a master's care;
The wicket, opening with a latch,
Receiv'd the harmless pair.
And now, when busy crowds retire                                 45
To take their evening rest,
The hermit trimm'd his little fire,
And cheer'd his pensive guest:
And spread his vegetable store,
And gaily press'd, and smil'd;                                   50
And, skill'd in legendary lore,
The lingering hours beguil'd.
Around in sympathetic mirth
Its tricks the kitten tries;
The cricket chirrups in the hearth;                              55
The crackling faggot flies.
But nothing could a charm impart
To soothe the stranger's woe;
For grief was heavy at his heart,
And tears began to flow.                                         60
His rising cares the hermit spied,
With answ'ring care oppress'd;
'And whence, unhappy youth,' he cried,
'The sorrows of thy breast?
'From better habitations spurn'd,                                65
Reluctant dost thou rove;
Or grieve for friendship unreturn'd,
Or unregarded love?
'Alas!  the joys that fortune brings
Are trifling, and decay;                                         70
And those who prize the paltry things,
More trifling still than they.
'And what is friendship but a name,
A charm that lulls to sleep;
A shade that follows wealth or fame,                             75
But leaves the wretch to weep?
'And love is still an emptier sound,
The modern fair one's jest:
On earth unseen, or only found
To warm the turtle's nest.                                       80
'For shame, fond youth, thy sorrows hush,
And spurn the sex,' he said:
But, while he spoke, a rising blush
His love-lorn guest betray'd.
Surpris'd, he sees new beauties rise,                            85
Swift mantling to the view;
Like colours o'er the morning skies,
As bright, as transient too.
The bashful look, the rising breast,
Alternate spread alarms:                                         90
The lovely stranger stands confess'd
A maid in all her charms.
'And, ah!  forgive a stranger rude,
A wretch forlorn,' she cried;
'Whose feet unhallow'd thus intrude                              95
Where heaven and you reside.
'But let a maid thy pity share,
Whom love has taught to stray;
Who seeks for rest, but finds despair
Companion of her way.                                            100
'My father liv'd beside the Tyne,
A wealthy lord was he;
And all his wealth was mark'd as mine,
He had but only me.
'To win me from his tender arms                                  105
Unnumber'd suitors came;
Who prais'd me for imputed charms,
And felt or feign'd a flame.
Each hour a mercenary crowd
With richest proffers strove:                                    110
Amongst the rest young Edwin bow'd,
But never talk'd of love.
'In humble, simplest habit clad,
No wealth nor power had he;
Wisdom and worth were all he had,                                115
But these were all to me.
'And when beside me in the dale
He caroll'd lays of love;
His breath lent fragrance to the gale,
And music to the grove.                                          120
'The blossom opening to the day,
The dews of heaven refin'd,
Could nought of purity display,
To emulate his mind.
'The dew, the blossom on the tree,                               125
With charms inconstant shine;
Their charms were his, but woe to me!
Their constancy was mine.
'For still I tried each fickle art,
Importunate and vain:                                            130
And while his passion touch'd my heart,
I triumph'd in his pain.
'Till quite dejected with my scorn,
He left me to my pride;
And sought a solitude forlorn,                                   135
In secret, where he died.
'But mine the sorrow, mine the fault,
And well my life shall pay;
I'll seek the solitude he sought,
And stretch me where he lay.                                     140
'And there forlorn, despairing, hid,
I'll lay me down and die;
'Twas so for me that Edwin did,
And so for him will I.'
'Forbid it, heaven!' the hermit cried,                           145
And clasp'd her to his breast:
The wondering fair one turn'd to chide,
'Twas Edwin's self that prest.
'Turn, Angelina, ever dear,
My charmer, turn to see                                          150
Thy own, thy long-lost Edwin here,
Restor'd to love and thee.
'Thus let me hold thee to my heart,
And ev'ry care resign;
And shall we never, never part,                                  155
My life -- my all that's mine?
'No, never from this hour to part,
We'll live and love so true;
The sigh that rends thy constant heart
Shall break thy Edwin's too.'                                    160
Good people all, of every sort,
Give ear unto my song;
And if you find it wond'rous short,
It cannot hold you long.
In Islington there was a man,                                    5
Of whom the world might say,
That still a godly race he ran,
Whene'er he went to pray.
A kind and gentle heart he had,
To comfort friends and foes;                                     10
The naked every day he clad,
When he put on his clothes.
And in that town a dog was found,
As many dogs there be,
Both mongrel, puppy, whelp, and hound,                           15
And curs of low degree.
This dog and man at first were friends;
But when a pique began,
The dog, to gain some private ends,
Went mad and bit the man.                                        20
Around from all the neighbouring streets
The wond'ring neighbours ran,
And swore the dog had lost his wits,
To bite so good a man.
The wound it seem'd both sore and sad                            25
To every Christian eye;
And while they swore the dog was mad,
They swore the man would die.
But soon a wonder came to light,
That show'd the rogues they lied:                                30
The man recover'd of the bite,
The dog it was that died.
WHEN lovely woman stoops to folly,
And finds too late that men betray,
What charm can soothe her melancholy,
What art can wash her guilt away?
The only art her guilt to cover,                                 5
To hide her shame from every eye,
To give repentance to her lover,
And wring his bosom, is -- to die.
ARISE, ye sons of worth, arise,
And waken every note of woe;
When truth and virtue reach the skies,
'Tis ours to weep the want below!
HERE lies poor Ned Purdon, from misery freed,
Who long was a bookseller's hack;
He led such a damnable life in this world, --
I don't think he'll wish to come back.
From Clee to heaven the beacon burns,
 The shires have seen it plain,
From north and south the sign returns
 And beacons burn again.
Look left, look right, the hills are bright,
 The dales are light between,
Because 'tis fifty years to-night
 That God has saved the Queen.
Now, when the flame they watch not towers
 About the soil they trod,
Lads, we'll remember friends of ours
 Who shared the work with God.
To skies that knit their heartstrings right,
 To fields that bred them brave,
The saviours come not home to-night:
 Themselves they could not save.
It dawns in Asia, tombstones show
 And Shropshire names are read;
And the Nile spills his overflow
 Beside the Severn's dead.
We pledge in peace by farm and town
 The Queen they served in war,
And fire the beacons up and down
 The land they perished for.
"God Save the Queen" we living sing,
 From height to height 'tis heard;
And with the rest your voices ring,
 Lads of the Fifty-third.
Oh, God will save her, fear you not:
 Be you the men you've been,
Get you the sons your fathers got,
 And God will Save the Queen.
Wake: the silver dusk returning
 Up the beach of darkness brims,
And the ship of sunrise burning
 Strands upon the eastern rims.
Wake: the vaulted shadow shatters,
 Trampled to the floor it spanned,
And the tent of night in tatters
 Straws the sky-pavilioned land.
Up, lad, up, 'tis late for lying:
 Hear the drums of morning play;
Hark, the empty highways crying
 "Who'll beyond the hills away?"
Towns and countries woo together,
 Forelands beacon, belfries call;
Never lad that trod on leather
 Lived to feast his heart with all.
Up, lad: thews that lie and cumber
 Sunlit pallets never thrive;
Morns abed and daylight slumber
 Were not meant for man alive.
Clay lies still, but blood's a rover;
 Breath's a ware that will not keep
Up, lad: when the journey's over
 There'll be time enough to sleep.
When the lad for longing sighs,
 Mute and dull of cheer and pale,
If at death's own door he lies,
 Maiden, you can heal his ail.
Lovers' ills are all to buy:
 The wan look, the hollow tone,
The hung head, the sunken eye,
 You can have them for your own.
Buy them, buy them: eve and morn
 Lovers' ills are all to sell.
Then you can lie down forlorn;
 But the lover will be well.
"Farewell to barn and stack and tree,
 Farewell to Severn shore.
Terence, look your last at me,
 For I come home no more.
"The sun burns on the half-mown hill,
 By now the blood is dried;
And Maurice amongst the hay lies still
 And my knife is in his side."
"My mother thinks us long away;
 'Tis time the field were mown.
She had two sons at rising day,
 To-night she'll be alone."
"And here's a bloody hand to shake,
 And oh, man, here's good-bye;
We'll sweat no more on scythe and rake,
 My bloody hands and I."
"I wish you strength to bring you pride,
 And a love to keep you clean,
And I wish you luck, come Lammastide,
 At racing on the green."
"Long for me the rick will wait,
 And long will wait the fold,
And long will stand the empty plate,
 And dinner will be cold."
On moonlit heath and lonesome bank
 The sheep beside me graze;
And yon the gallows used to clank
 Fast by the four cross ways.
A careless shepherd once would keep
 The flocks by moonlight there, [1]
And high amongst the glimmering sheep
 The dead man stood on air.
They hang us now in Shrewsbury jail:
 The whistles blow forlorn,
And trains all night groan on the rail
 To men that die at morn.
There sleeps in Shrewsbury jail to-night,
 Or wakes, as may betide,
A better lad, if things went right,
 Than most that sleep outside.
And naked to the hangman's noose
 The morning clocks will ring
A neck God made for other use
 Than strangling in a string.
And sharp the link of life will snap,
 And dead on air will stand
Heels that held up as straight a chap
 As treads upon the land.
So here I'll watch the night and wait
 To see the morning shine,
When he will hear the stroke of eight
 And not the stroke of nine;
And wish my friend as sound a sleep
 As lads' I did not know,
That shepherded the moonlit sheep
 A hundred years ago.
When I watch the living meet,
 And the moving pageant file
Warm and breathing through the street
 Where I lodge a little while,
If the heats of hate and lust
 In the house of flesh are strong,
Let me mind the house of dust
 Where my sojourn shall be long.
In the nation that is not
 Nothing stands that stood before;
There revenges are forgot,
 And the hater hates no more;
Lovers lying two and two
 Ask not whom they sleep beside,
And the bridegroom all night through
 Never turns him to the bride.
It nods and curtseys and recovers
 When the wind blows above,
The nettle on the graves of lovers
 That hanged themselves for love.
The nettle nods, the wind blows over,
 The man, he does not move,
The lover of the grave, the lover
 That hanged himself for love.
Twice a week the winter thorough
 Here stood I to keep the goal:
Football then was fighting sorrow
 For the young man's soul.
Now in May time to the wicket
 Out I march with bat and pad:
See the son of grief at cricket
 Trying to be glad.
Try I will; no harm in trying:
 Wonder 'tis how little mirth
Keeps the bones of man from lying
 On the bed of earth.
Oh, when I was in love with you,
 Then I was clean and brave,
And miles around the wonder grew
 How well did I behave.
And now the fancy passes by,
 And nothing will remain,
And miles around they'll say that I
 Am quite myself again.
Oh fair enough are sky and plain,
 But I know fairer far:
Those are as beautiful again
 That in the water are;
The pools and rivers wash so clean
 The trees and clouds and air,
The like on earth was never seen,
 And oh that I were there.
These are the thoughts I often think
 As I stand gazing down
In act upon the cressy brink
 To strip and dive and drown;
But in the golden-sanded brooks
 And azure meres I spy
A silly lad that longs and looks
 And wishes he were I.
The street sounds to the soldiers' tread,
 And out we troop to see:
A single redcoat turns his head,
 He turns and looks at me.
My man, from sky to sky's so far,
 We never crossed before;
Such leagues apart the world's ends are,
 We're like to meet no more;
What thoughts at heart have you and I
 We cannot stop to tell;
But dead or living, drunk or dry,
 Soldier, I wish you well.
The lads in their hundreds to Ludlow come in for the fair,
 There's men from the barn and the forge and the mill and the fold,
The lads for the girls and the lads for the liquor are there,
 And there with the rest are the lads that will never be old.
There's chaps from the town and the field and the till and the cart,
 And many to count are the stalwart, and many the brave,
And many the handsome of face and the handsome of heart,
 And few that will carry their looks or their truth to the grave.
I wish one could know them, I wish there were tokens to tell
 The fortunate fellows that now you can never discern;
And then one could talk with them friendly and wish them farewell
 And watch them depart on the way that they will not return.
But now you may stare as you like and there's nothing to scan;
 And brushing your elbow unguessed-at and not to be told
They carry back bright to the coiner the mintage of man,
 The lads that will die in their glory and never be old.
Say, lad, have you things to do?
 Quick then, while your day's at prime.
Quick, and if 'tis work for two,
 Here am I, man: now's your time.
Send me now, and I shall go;
 Call me, I shall hear you call;
Use me ere they lay me low
 Where a man's no use at all;
Ere the wholesome flesh decay,
 And the willing nerve be numb,
And the lips lack breath to say,
 "No, my lad, I cannot come."
This time of year a twelvemonth past,
 When Fred and I would meet,
We needs must jangle, till at last
 We fought and I was beat.
So then the summer fields about,
 Till rainy days began,
Rose Harland on her Sundays out
 Walked with the better man.
The better man she walks with still,
 Though now 'tis not with Fred:
A lad that lives and has his will
 Is worth a dozen dead.
Fred keeps the house all kinds of weather,
 And clay's the house he keeps;
When Rose and I walk out together
 Stock-still lies Fred and sleeps.
On Wenlock Edge the wood's in trouble;
 His forest fleece the Wrekin heaves;
The gale, it plies the saplings double,
 And thick on Severn snow the leaves.
'Twould blow like this through holt and hanger
 When Uricon the city stood:
'Tis the old wind in the old anger,
 But then it threshed another wood.
Then, 'twas before my time, the Roman
 At yonder heaving hill would stare:
The blood that warms an English yeoman,
 The thoughts that hurt him, they were there.
There, like the wind through woods in riot,
 Through him the gale of life blew high;
The tree of man was never quiet:
 Then 'twas the Roman, now 'tis I.
The gale, it plies the saplings double,
 It blows so hard, 'twill soon be gone:
To-day the Roman and his trouble
 Are ashes under Uricon.
On the idle hill of summer,
 Sleepy with the flow of streams,
Far I hear the steady drummer
 Drumming like a noise in dreams.
Far and near and low and louder
 On the roads of earth go by,
Dear to friends and food for powder,
 Soldiers marching, all to die.
East and west on fields forgotten
 Bleach the bones of comrades slain,
Lovely lads and dead and rotten;
 None that go return again.
Far the calling bugles hollo,
 High the screaming fife replies,
Gay the files of scarlet follow:
 Woman bore me, I will rise.
White in the moon the long road lies,
 The moon stands blank above;
White in the moon the long road lies
 That leads me from my love.
Still hangs the hedge without a gust,
 Still, still the shadows stay:
My feet upon the moonlit dust
 Pursue the ceaseless way.
The world is round, so travellers tell,
 And straight though reach the track,
Trudge on, trudge on, 'twill all be well,
 The way will guide one back.
But ere the circle homeward hies
 Far, far must it remove:
White in the moon the long road lies
 That leads me from my love.
The winds out of the west land blow,
 My friends have breathed them there;
Warm with the blood of lads I know
 Comes east the sighing air.
It fanned their temples, filled their lungs,
 Scattered their forelocks free;
My friends made words of it with tongues
 That talk no more to me.
Their voices, dying as they fly,
 Thick on the wind are sown;
The names of men blow soundless by,
 My fellows' and my own.
Oh lads, at home I heard you plain,
 But here your speech is still,
And down the sighing wind in vain
 You hollo from the hill.
The wind and I, we both were there,
 But neither long abode;
Now through the friendless world we fare
 And sigh upon the road.
'Tis time, I think by Wenlock town
 The golden broom should blow;
The hawthorn sprinkled up and down
 Should charge the land with snow.
Spring will not wait the loiterer's time
 Who keeps so long away;
So others wear the broom and climb
 The hedgerows heaped with may.
Oh tarnish late on Wenlock Edge,
 Gold that I never see;
Lie long, high snowdrifts in the hedge
 That will not shower on me.
Into my heart an air that kills
 From yon far country blows:
What are those blue remembered hills,
 What spires, what farms are those?
That is the land of lost content,
 I see it shining plain,
The happy highways where I went
 And cannot come again.
Shot? so quick, so clean an ending?
 Oh that was right, lad, that was brave:
Yours was not an ill for mending,
 'Twas best to take it to the grave.
Oh you had forethought, you could reason,
 And saw your road and where it led,
And early wise and brave in season
 Put the pistol to your head.
Oh soon, and better so than later
 After long disgrace and scorn,
You shot dead the household traitor,
 The soul that should not have been born.
Right you guessed the rising morrow
 And scorned to tread the mire you must:
Dust's your wages, son of sorrow,
 But men may come to worse than dust.
Souls undone, undoing others,-
 Long time since the tale began.
You would not live to wrong your brothers:
 Oh lad, you died as fits a man.
Now to your grave shall friend and stranger
 With ruth and some with envy come:
Undishonoured, clear of danger,
 Clean of guilt, pass hence and home.
Turn safe to rest, no dreams, no waking;
 And here, man, here's the wreath I've made:
'Tis not a gift that's worth the taking,
 But wear it and it will not fade.
If it chance your eye offend you,
 Pluck it out, lad, and be sound:
'Twill hurt, but here are salves to friend you,
 And many a balsam grows on ground.
And if your hand or foot offend you,
 Cut it off, lad, and be whole;
But play the man, stand up and end you,
 When your sickness is your soul.
Be still, my soul, be still; the arms you bear are brittle,
 Earth and high heaven are fixt of old and founded strong.
Think rather,-call to thought, if now you grieve a little,
 The days when we had rest, O soul, for they were long.
Men loved unkindness then, but lightless in the quarry
 I slept and saw not; tears fell down, I did not mourn;
Sweat ran and blood sprang out and I was never sorry:
 Then it was well with me, in days ere I was born.
Now, and I muse for why and never find the reason,
 I pace the earth, and drink the air, and feel the sun.
Be still, be still, my soul; it is but for a season:
 Let us endure an hour and see injustice done.
Ay, look: high heaven and earth ail from the prime foundation;
 All thoughts to rive the heart are here, and all are vain:
Horror and scorn and hate and fear and indignation-
 Oh why did I awake? when shall I sleep again?
In valleys of springs of rivers,
 By Ony and Teme and Clun,
The country for easy livers,
 The quietest under the sun,
We still had sorrows to lighten,
 One could not be always glad,
And lads knew trouble at Knighton
 When I was a Knighton lad.
By bridges that Thames runs under,
 In London, the town built ill,
'Tis sure small matter for wonder
 If sorrow is with one still.
And if as a lad grows older
 The troubles he bears are more,
He carries his griefs on a shoulder
 That handselled them long before.
Where shall one halt to deliver
 This luggage I'd lief set down?
Not Thames, not Teme is the river,
 Nor London nor Knighton the town:
'Tis a long way further than Knighton,
 A quieter place than Clun,
Where doomsday may thunder and lighten
 And little 'twill matter to one.
The lad came to the door at night,
 When lovers crown their vows,
And whistled soft and out of sight
 In shadow of the boughs.
"I shall not vex you with my face
 Henceforth, my love, for aye;
So take me in your arms a space
 Before the east is grey."
"When I from hence away am past
 I shall not find a bride,
And you shall be the first and last
 I ever lay beside."
She heard and went and knew not why;
 Her heart to his she laid;
Light was the air beneath the sky
 But dark under the shade.
"Oh do you breathe, lad, that your breast
 Seems not to rise and fall,
And here upon my bosom prest
 There beats no heart at all?"
"Oh loud, my girl, it once would knock,
 You should have felt it then;
But since for you I stopped the clock
 It never goes again."
"Oh lad, what is it, lad, that drips
 Wet from your neck on mine?
What is it falling on my lips,
 My lad, that tastes of brine?"
"Oh like enough 'tis blood, my dear,
 For when the knife has slit
The throat across from ear to ear
 'Twill bleed because of it."
Under the stars the air was light
 But dark below the boughs,
The still air of the speechless night,
 When lovers crown their vows.
With rue my heart is laden
 For golden friends I had,
For many a rose-lipt maiden
 And many a lightfoot lad.
By brooks too broad for leaping
 The lightfoot boys are laid;
The rose-lipt girls are sleeping
 In fields where roses fade.
Westward on the high-hilled plains
 Where for me the world began,
Still, I think, in newer veins
 Frets the changeless blood of man.
Now that other lads than I
 Strip to bathe on Severn shore,
They, no help, for all they try,
 Tread the mill I trod before.
There, when hueless is the west
 And the darkness hushes wide,
Where the lad lies down to rest
 Stands the troubled dream beside.
There, on thoughts that once were mine,
 Day looks down the eastern steep,
And the youth at morning shine
 Makes the vow he will not keep.
You smile upon your friend to-day,
 To-day his ills are over;
You hearken to the lover's say,
 And happy is the lover.
'Tis late to hearken, late to smile,
 But better late than never:
I shall have lived a little while
 Before I die for ever.
The star-filled seas are smooth to-night
 From France to England strown;
Black towers above the Portland light
 The felon-quarried stone.
On yonder island, not to rise,
 Never to stir forth free,
Far from his folk a dead lad lies
 That once was friends with me.
Lie you easy, dream you light,
 And sleep you fast for aye;
And luckier may you find the night
 Than ever you found the day.
Now hollow fires burn out to black,
 And lights are guttering low:
Square your shoulders, lift your pack,
 And leave your friends and go.
Oh never fear, man, nought's to dread,
 Look not left nor right:
In all the endless road you tread
 There's nothing but the night.
I Hoed and trenched and weeded,
 And took the flowers to fair:
I brought them home unheeded;
 The hue was not the wear.
So up and down I sow them
 For lads like me to find,
When I shall lie below them,
 A dead man out of mind.
Some seed the birds devour,
 And some the season mars,
But here and there will flower
 The solitary stars,
And fields will yearly bear them
 As light-leaved spring comes on,
And luckless lads will wear them
 When I am dead and gone.
Oh hard is the bed they have made him,
  And common the blanket and cheap;
But there he will lie as they laid him:
  Where else could you trust him to sleep?
 
To sleep when the bugle is crying
  And cravens have heard and are brave,
When mothers and sweethearts are sighing
  And lads are in love with the grave.
 
Oh dark is the chamber and lonely,
  And lights and companions depart;
But lief will he lose them and only
  Behold the desire of his heart.
 
And low is the roof, but it covers
  A sleeper content to repose;
And far from his friends and his lovers
  He lies with the sweetheart he chose.
The Queen she sent to look for me,
  The sergeant he did say,
`Young man, a soldier will you be
  For thirteen pence a day?'
 
For thirteen pence a day did I
  Take off the things I wore,
And I have marched to where I lie,
  And I shall march no more.
 
My mouth is dry, my shirt is wet,
  My blood runs all away,
So now I shall not die in debt
  For thirteen pence a day.
 
To-morrow after new young men
  The sergeant he must see,
For things will all be over then
  Between the Queen and me.
 
And I shall have to bate my price,
  For in the grave, they say,
Is neither knowledge nor device
  Nor thirteen pence a day.
I 'listed at home for a lancer,
  Oh who would not sleep with the brave?
I 'listed at home for a lancer
  To ride on a horse to my grave.
 
And over the seas we were bidden
  A country to take and to keep;
And far with the brave I have ridden,
  And now with the brave I shall sleep.
 
For round me the men will be lying
  That learned me the way to behave,
And showed me my business of dying:
  Oh who would not sleep with the brave?
 
And I with the brave shall be sleeping
  At ease on my mattress of loam,
When back from their taking and keeping
  The squadron is riding at home.
 
The wind with the plumes will be playing,
  The girls will stand watching them wave,
And eyeing my comrades and saying
  Oh who would not sleep with the brave?
In valleys green and still
  Where lovers wander maying
They hear from over hill
  A music playing.
Behind the drum and fife,
  Past hawthornwood and hollow,
Through earth and out of life
  The soldiers follow.
The soldier's is the trade:
  In any wind or weather
He steals the heart of maid
  And man together.
The lover and his lass
  Beneath the hawthorn lying
Have heard the soldiers pass,
  And both are sighing.
And down the distance they
  With dying note and swelling
Walk the resounding way
  To the still dwelling.
Soldier from the wars returning,
  Spoiler of the taken town,
Here is ease that asks not earning;
  Turn you in and sit you down.
Peace is come and wars are over,
  Welcome you and welcome all,
While the charger crops the clover
  And his bridle hangs in stall.
Now no more of winters biting
  Filth in trench from fall to spring,
Summers full of sweat and fighting
  For the Kesar or the King.
Rest you, charger, rust you, bridle;
  Kings and Kesars, keep your pay;
Soldier, sit you down and idle
  At the inn of night for aye.
The chestnut casts his flambeaux, and the flowers
  Stream from the hawthorn on the wind away,
The doors clap to, the pane is blind with showers.
  Pass me the can, lad; there's an end of May.
 
There's one spoilt spring to scant our mortal lot,
  One season ruined of our little store.
May will be fine next year as like as not:
  Oh ay, but then we shall be twenty-four.
 
We for a certainty are not the first
  Have sat in taverns while the tempest hurled
Their hopeful plans to emptiness, and cursed
  Whatever brute and blackguard made the world.
 
It is in truth iniquity on high
  To cheat our sentenced souls of aught they crave,
And mar the merriment as you and I
  Fare on our long fool's-errand to the grave.
 
Iniquity it is; but pass the can.
  My lad, no pair of kings our mothers bore;
Our only portion is the estate of man:
  We want the moon, but we shall get no more.
 
If here to-day the cloud of thunder lours
  To-morrow it will hie on far behests;
The flesh will grieve on other bones than ours
  Soon, and the soul will mourn in other breasts.
 
The troubles of our proud and angry dust
  Are from eternity, and shall not fail.
Bear them we can, and if we can we must.
  Shoulder the sky, my lad, and drink your ale.
`What sound awakened me, I wonder,
  For now 'tis dumb.'
`Wheels on the road most like, or thunder:
  Lie down; 'twas not the drum.'
 
Toil at sea and two in haven
  And trouble far;
Fly, crow, away, and follow, raven,
  And all that croaks for war.
 
`Hark, I heard the bugle crying,
  And where am I?
My friends are up and dressed and dying,
  And I will dress and die.'
 
`Oh love is rare and trouble plenty
  And carrion cheap,
And daylight dear at four-and-twenty:
  Lie down again and sleep.'
 
`Reach me my belt and leave your prattle:
  Your hour is gone;
But my day is the day of battle,
  And that comes dawning on.
 
`They mow the field of man in season:
  Farewell, my fair,
And, call it truth or call it treason,
  Farewell the vows that were.'
 
`Ay, false heart, forsake me lightly:
  'Tis like the brave.
They find no bed to joy in rightly
  Before they find the grave.
 
`Their love is for their own undoing,
  And east and west
They scour about the world a-wooing
  The bullet to their breast.
 
`Sail away the ocean over,
  Oh sail away,
And lie there with your leaden lover
  For ever and a day.'
He stood, and heard the steeple
  Sprinkle the quarters on the morning town.
One, two, three, four, to market-place and people
  It tossed them down.
 
Strapped, noosed, nighing his hour,
  He stood and counted them and cursed his luck;
And then the clock collected in the tower
  Its strength, and struck.
Star and coronal and bell
  April underfoot renews,
And the hope of man as well
  Flowers among the morning dews.
Now the old come out to look,
  Winter past and winter's pains,
How the sky in pool and brook
  Glitters on the grassy plains.
Easily the gentle air
  Wafts the turning season on;
Things to comfort them are there,
  Though 'tis true the best are gone.
Now the scorned unlucky lad
  Rousing from his pillow gnawn
Mans his heart and deep and glad
  Drinks the valiant air of dawn.
Half the night he longed to die,
  Now are sown on hill and plain
Pleasures worth his while to try
  Ere he longs to die again.
Blue the sky from east to west
  Arches, and the world is wide,
Though the girl he loves the best
  Rouses from another's side.
The Wain upon the northern steep
  Descends and lifts away.
Oh I will sit me down and weep
  For bones in Africa.
 
For pay and medals, name and rank,
  Things that he has not found,
He hove the Cross to heaven and sank
  The pole-star underground.
 
And now he does not even see
  Signs of the nadir roll
At night over the ground where he
  Is buried with the pole.
The fairies break their dances
  And leave the printed lawn,
And up from India glances
  The silver sail of dawn.
The candles burn their sockets,
  The blinds let through the day,
The young man feels his pockets
  And wonders what's to pay.
The sloe was lost in flower,
  The April elm was dim;
That was the lover's hour,
  The hour for lies and him.
 
If thorns are all the bower,
  If north winds freeze the fir,
Why, 'tis another's hour,
  The hour for truth and her.
'Tis mute, the word they went to hear on high Dodona mountain
  When winds were in the oakenshaws and all the cauldrons tolled,
And mute's the midland navel-stone beside the singing fountain,
  And echoes list to silence now where gods told lies of old.
 
I took my question to the shrine that has not ceased from speaking,
  The heart within, that tells the truth and tells it twice as plain;
And from the cave of oracles I heard the priestess shrieking
  That she and I should surely die and never live again.
 
Oh priestess, what you cry is clear, and sound good sense I think it;
  But let the screaming echoes rest, and froth your mouth no more.
'Tis true there's better boose than brine, but he that drowns must drink it;
  And oh, my lass, the news is news that men have heard before.
 
The King with half the East at heel is marched from lands of morning;
  Their fighters drink the rivers up, their shafts benight the air,
And he that stands will die for nought, and home there's no returning.
  The Spartans on the sea-wet rock sat down and combed their hair.
The half-moon westers low, my love,
  And the wind brings up the rain;
And wide apart lie we, my love,
  And seas between the twain.
 
I know not if it rains, my love,
  In the land where you do lie;
And oh, so sound you sleep, my love,
  You know no more than I.
The sigh that heaves the grasses
  Whence thou wilt never rise
Is of the air that passes
  And knows not if it sighs.
The diamond tears adorning
  Thy low mound on the lea,
Those are the tears of morning,
  That weeps, but not for thee.
Now dreary dawns the eastern light,
  And fall of eve is drear,
And cold the poor man lies at night,
  And so goes out the year.
 
Little is the luck I've had,
  And oh, 'tis comfort small
To think that many another lad
  Has had no luck at all.
When the eye of day is shut,
  And the stars deny their beams,
And about the forest hut
  Blows the roaring wood of dreams,
From deep clay, from desert rock,
  From the sunk sands of the main,
Come not at my door to knock,
  Hearts that loved me not again.
Sleep, be still, turn to your rest
  In the lands where you are laid;
In far lodgings east and west
  Lie down on the beds you made.
In gross marl, in blowing dust,
  In the drowned ooze of the sea,
Where you would not, lie you must,
  Lie you must, and not with me.
When first my way to fair I took
  Few pence in purse had I,
And long I used to stand and look
  At things I could not buy.
Now times are altered: if I care
  To buy a thing, I can;
The pence are here and here's the fair,
  But where's the lost young man?
-- To think that two and two are four
  And neither five nor three
The heart of man has long been sore
  And long 'tis like to be.
West and away the wheels of darkness roll,
  Day's beamy banner up the east is borne,
Spectres and fears, the nightmare and her foal,
  Drown in the golden deluge of the morn.
 
But over sea and continent from sight
  Safe to the Indies has the earth conveyed
The vast and moon-eclipsing cone of night,
  Her towering foolscap of eternal shade.
 
See, in mid heaven the sun is mounted; hark,
  The belfries tingle to the noonday chime.
'Tis silent, and the subterranean dark
  Has crossed the nadir, and begins to climb.
These, in the day when heaven was falling,
  The hour when Earth's foundations fled,
Followed their mercenary calling
  And took their wages and are dead.
 
Their shoulders held the sky suspended;
  They stood, and earth's foundations stay;
What God abandoned, these defended,
  And saved the sum of things for pay.
When Israel out of Egypt came
  Safe in the sea they trod;
By day in cloud, by night in flame,
  Went on before them God.
 
He brought them with a stretched out hand
  Dry-footed through the foam,
Past sword and famine, rock and sand,
  Lust and rebellion, home.
 
I never over Horeb heard
  The blast of advent blow;
No fire-faced prophet brought me word
  Which way behoved me go.
 
Ascended is the cloudy flame,
  The mount of thunder dumb;
The tokens that to Israel came,
  To me they have not come.
 
I see the country far away
  Where I shall never stand;
The heart goes where no footstep may
  Into the promised land.
 
The realm I look upon and die
  Another man will own;
He shall attain the heaven that I
  Perish and have not known.
 
But I will go where they are hid
  That never were begot,
To my inheritance amid
  The nation that is not.
For these of old the trader
  Unpearled the Indian seas,
The nations of the nadir
  Were diamondless for these;
 
A people prone and haggard
  Beheld their lightnings hurled:
All round, like Sinai, staggered
  The sceptre-shaken world.
 
But now their coins are tarnished,
  Their towers decayed away,
Their kingdom swept and garnished
  For haler kings than they;
 
Their arms the rust hath eaten,
  Their statutes none regard:
Arabia shall not sweeten
  Their dust, with all her nard.
 
They cease from long vexation,
  Their nights, their days are done,
The pale, the perished nation
  That never see the sun;
 
From the old deep-dusted annals
  The years erase their tale,
And round them race the channels
  That take no second sail.
O youth whose heart is right,
  Whose loins are girt to gain
The hell-defended height
  Where Virtue beckons plain;
Who seest the stark array
  And hast not stayed to count
But singly wilt assay
  The many-cannoned mount:
Well is thy war begun;
  Endure, be strong and strive;
But think not, O my son,
  To save thy soul alive.
Wilt thou be true and just
  And clean and kind and brave?
Well; but for all thou dost,
  Be sure it shall not save.
Thou, when the night falls deep,
  Thou, though the mount be won,
High heart, thou shalt but sleep
  The sleep denied to none.
Others, or ever thou,
  To scale those heights were sworn;
And some achieved, but now
  They never see the morn.
How shouldst thou keep the prize?
  Thou wast not born for aye.
Content thee if thine eyes
  Behold it in thy day.
O youth that wilt attain,
  On, for thine hour is short.
It may be thou shalt gain
  The hell-defended fort.
The snows are fled away, leaves on the shaws
  And grasses in the mead renew their birth,
The river to the river-bed withdraws,
  And altered is the fashion of the earth.
The Nymphs and Graces three put off their fear
  And unapparelled in the woodland play.
The swift hour and the brief prime of the year
  Say to the soul, Thou wast not born for aye.
Thaw follows frost; hard on the heel of spring
  Treads summer sure to die, for hard on hers
Comes autumn, with his apples scattering;
  Then back to wintertide, when nothing stirs.
But oh, whate'er the sky-led seasons mar,
  Moon upon moon rebuilds it with her beams:
Come we where Tullus and where Ancus are,
  And good Aeneas, we are dust and dreams.
Torquatus, if the gods in heaven shall add
  The morrow to the day, what tongue has told?
Feast then thy heart, for what thy heart has had
  The fingers of no heir will ever hold.
When thou descendest once the shades among,
  The stern assize and equal judgment o'er,
Not thy long lineage nor thy golden tongue,
  No, nor thy righteousness, shall friend thee more.
Night holds Hippolytus the pure of stain,
  Diana steads him nothing, he must stay;
And Theseus leaves PirithoN|s in the chain
  The love of comrades cannot take away.
Give me a land of boughs in leaf,
  A land of trees that stand;
Where trees are fallen, there is grief;
  I love no leafless land.
Alas, the country whence I fare,
  It is where I would stay;
And where I would not, it is there
  That I shall be for aye.
And one remembers and forgets
  But 'tis not found again,
Not though they hale in crimsoned nets
  The sunset from the main.
I promise nothing: friends will part;
  All things may end, for all began;
And truth and singleness of heart
  Are mortal even as is man.
 
But this unlucky love should last
  When answered passions thin to air;
Eternal fate so deep has cast
  Its sure foundation of despair.
The farms of home lie lost in even,
  I see far off the steeple stand;
West and away from here to heaven
  Still is the land.
There if I go no girl will greet me,
  No comrade hollo from the hill,
No dog run down the yard to meet me:
  The land is still.
The land is still by farm and steeple,
  And still for me the land may stay:
There I was friends with perished people,
  And there lie they.
Tarry, delight, so seldom met,
  So sure to perish, tarry still;
Forbear to cease or languish yet,
  Though soon you must and will.
By Sestos town, in Hero's tower,
  On Hero's heart Leander lies;
The signal torch has burned its hour
  And sputters as it dies.
Beneath him, in the nighted firth,
  Between two continents complain
The seas he swam from earth to earth
  And he must swim again.
Like mine, the veins of these that slumber
  Leapt once with dancing fires divine;
The blood of all this noteless number
  Ran red like mine.
How still, with every pulse in station,
  Frost in the founts that used to leap,
The put to death, the perished nation,
  How sound they sleep!
These too, these veins which life convulses,
  Wait but a while, shall cease to bound;
I with the ice in all my pulses
  Shall sleep as sound.
Stone, steel, dominions pass,
  Faith, too, no wonder;
So leave alone the grass
  That I am under.
All knots that lovers tie
  Are tied to sever;
Here shall your sweetheart lie,
  Untrue for ever.
Yon flakes that fret the eastern sky
  Lead back my day of birth;
The far, wide-wandered hour when I
  Came crying upon earth.
Then came I crying, and to-day,
  With heavier cause to plain,
Depart I into death away,
  Not to be born again.
Good creatures, do you love your lives
  And have you ears for sense?
Here is a knife like other knives,
  That cost me eighteen pence.
 
I need but stick it in my heart
  And down will come the sky,
And earth's foundations will depart
  And all you folk will die.
He, standing hushed, a pace or two apart,
  Among the bluebells of the listless plain,
Thinks, and remembers how he cleansed his heart
  And washed his hands in innocence in vain.
Here dead lie we because we did not choose
  To live and shame the land from which we sprung.
Life, to be sure, is nothing much to lose;
  But young men think it is, and we were young.
By shores and woods and steeples
  Rejoicing hearts receive
Poured on a hundred peoples
  The far-shed alms of eve.
Her hands are filled with slumber
  For world-wide labourers worn;
Yet those are more in number
  That know her not from morn.
Now who sees night for ever,
  He sees no happier sight:
Night and no moon and never
  A star upon the night.
My dreams are of a field afar
  And blood and smoke and shot.
There in their graves my comrades are,
  In my grave I am not.
I too was taught the trade of man
  And spelt the lesson plain;
But they, when I forgot and ran,
  Remembered and remain.
Farewell to a name and a number
  Recalled again
To darkness and silence and slumber
  In blood and pain.
 
So ceases and turns to the thing
  He was born to be
A soldier cheap to the King
  And dear to me;
 
So smothers in blood the burning
  And flaming flight
Of valour and truth returning
  To dust and night.
He looked at me with eyes I thought
  I was not like to find,
The voice he begged for pence with brought
  Another man to mind.
Oh no, lad, never touch your cap;
  It is not my half-crown:
You have it from a better chap
  That long ago lay down.
Turn east and over Thames to Kent
  And come to the sea's brim,
And find his everlasting tent
  And touch your cap to him.
When he's returned I'll tell him -- oh,
  Dear fellow, I forgot:
Time was you would have cared to know,
  But now it matters not.
I mourn you, and you heed not how;
  Unsaid the word must stay;
Last month was time enough, but now
  The news must keep for aye.
Oh, many a month before I learn
  Will find me starting still
And listening, as the days return,
  For him that never will.
Strange, strange to think his blood is cold
  And mine flows easy on:
And that straight look, that heart of gold,
  That grace, that manhood gone.
The word unsaid will stay unsaid
  Though there was much to say;
Last month was time enough: he's dead,
  The news must keep for aye.
I wake from dreams and turning
  My vision on the height
I scan the beacons burning
  About the fields of night.
Each in its stedfast station
  Inflaming heaven they flare;
They sign with conflagration
  The empty moors of air.
The signal-fires of warning
  They blaze, but none regard;
And on through night to morning
  The world runs ruinward.
`Lydians, lords of Hermus river,
  Sifters of the golden loam,
See you yet the lances quiver
  And the hunt returning home?'
`King, the star that shuts the even
  Calls the sheep from Tmolus down;
Home return the doves from heaving,
  And the prince to Sardis town.'
From the hunting heavy laden
  Up the Mysian road they ride;
And the star that mates the maiden
  Leads his son to Croesus' side.
`Lydians, under stream and fountain
  Finders of the golden vein,
Riding from Olympus mountain,
  Lydians, see you Atys plain?'
`King, I see the Phrygian stranger
  And the guards in hunter's trim,
Saviours of thy son from danger;
  Them I see. I see not him.'
`Lydians, as the troop advances,
  -- It is eve and I am old --
Tell me why they trail their lances,
  Washers of the sands of gold.
`I am old and day is ending
  And the wildering night comes on;
Up the Mysian entry wending,
  Lydians, Lydians, what is yon?'
Hounds behind their master whining,
  Huntsmen pacing dumb beside,
On his breast the boar-spear shining,
  Home they bear his father's pride.
Oh were he and I together,
  Shipmates on the fleeted main,
Sailing through the summer weather
  To the spoil of France or Spain.
Oh were he and I together,
  Locking hands and taking leave,
Low upon the trampled heather
  In the battle lost at eve.
Now are he and I asunder
  And asunder to remain;
Kingdoms are for others' plunder,
  And content for other slain.
When Adam walked in Eden young,
  Happy, 'tis writ, was he,
While high the fruit of knowledge hung
  Unbitten on the tree.
 
Happy was he the livelong day;
  I doubt 'tis written wrong:
The heart of man, for all they say,
  Was never happy long.
 
And now my feet are tired of rest,
  And here they will not stay,
And the soul fevers in my breast
  And aches to be away.
It is no gift I tender,
  A loan is all I can;
But do not scorn the lender;
  Man gets no more from man.
 
Oh, mortal man may borrow
  What mortal man can lend;
And 'twill not end to-morrow,
  Though sure enough 'twill end.
 
If death and time are stronger,
  A love may yet be strong;
The world will last for longer,
  But this will last for long.
Here are the skies, the planets seven,
And all the starry train:
Content you with the mimic heaven,
And on the earth remain.
How one was true and one was clean of stain
  And one was braver than the heavens are high,
And one was fond of me: and all are slain.
  Ask me no more, for fear I should reply.
He would not stay for me, and who can wonder?
  He would not stay for me to stand and gaze.
I shook his hand, and tore my heart in sunder,
  And went with half my life about my ways.
Now to her lap the incestuous earth
  The son she bore has ta'en.
And other sons she brings to birth
  But not my friend again.
When the bells justle in the tower
  The hollow night amid,
Then on my tongue the taste is sour
  Of all I ever did.
Oh on my breast in days hereafter
  Light the earth should lie,
Such weight to bear is now the air,
  So heavy hangs the sky.
`Oh is it the jar of nations,
  The noise of a world run mad,
The fleeing of earth's foundations?'
  Yes, yes: lie quiet, my lad,
`Oh is it my country calling,
  And whom will my country find
To shore up the sky from falling?'
  My business: never you mind.
`Oh is it the newsboys crying
  Lost battle, retreat, despair,
And honour and England dying?'
  Well, fighting-cock, what if it were?
The devil this side of the darnels
  Is having a dance with man,
And quarrelsome chaps in charnels
  Must bear it as best they can.
The end of the year fell chilly
  Between a moon and a moon;
Through the twilight shrilly
  The bells rang, ringing no tune.
The windows stained with story,
  The walls with miracle scored,
Were hidden for gloom and glory
  Filling the house of the Lord.
Arch and aisle and rafter
  And roof-tree dizzily high
Were full of weeping and laughter
  And song and saying good-bye.
There stood in the holy places
  A multitude none could name,
Ranks of dreadful faces
  Flaming, transfigured in flame.
Crown and tiar and mitre
  Were starry with gold and gem;
Christmas never was whiter
  Than fear on the face of them.
In aisles that emperors vaulted
  For a faith the world confessed,
Abasing the Host exalted,
  They worshipped towards the west.
They brought with laughter oblation;
  They prayed, not bowing the head;
They made without tear lamentation,
  And rendered me answer and said:
`O thou that seest our sorrow,
  It fares with us even thus:
To-day we are gods, to-morrow
  Hell have mercy on us.
`Lo, morning over our border
  From out of the west comes cold;
Down ruins the ancient order
  And empire builded of old.
`Our house at even is queenly
  With psalm and censers alight:
Look thou never so keenly
  Thou shalt not find us to-night.
`We are come to the end appointed
  With sands not many to run;
Divinities disanointed
  And kings whose kingdom is done.
`The peoples knelt down at our portal,
  All kindreds under the sky;
We were gods and implored and immortal
  Once; and to-day we die.'
They turned them again to their praying,
  They worshipped and took no rest,
Singing old tunes and saying
  `We have seen his star in the west,'
Old tunes of the sacred psalters,
  Set to wild farewells;
And I left them there at their altars
  Ringing their own dead knells.
Home is the sailor, home from sea:
  Her far-borne canvas furled
The ship pours shining on the quay
  The plunder of the world.
 
Home is the hunter from the hill:
  Fast in the boundless snare
All flesh lies taken at his will
  And every fowl of air.
 
'Tis evening on the moorland free,
  The starlit wave is still:
Home is the sailor from the sea,
  The hunter from the hill.
WHat need hast thou of me? Or, of my Muse?
Whose Actions so themselves do celebrate?
Which should thy Countries Love to speak refuse,
Her Foes enough would Fame thee in their Hate.
THat Poets are far rarer Births than Kings,
Your Noblest Father prov'd: like whom, before,
Or then, or since, about our Muses springs,
Came not that Soul exhausted so their store.
COme, with our Voices, let us war,
And challenge all the Sphears,
Till each of us be made a Star,
And all the World turn Ears.
At such a Call, what Beast or Fowl,
Of Reason empty is!
What Tree or Stone doth want a Soul?
What Man but must lose his?
Mix then your Notes, that we may prove
To stay the running Floods?
To make the Mountain Quarries move?
And call the walking Woods?
What need of me? do you but sing
Sleep, and the Grave will wake:
No Tunes are sweet, nor Words have sting,
But what those Lips do make.
They say, the Angels mark each Deed,
And exercise below,
And out of inward Pleasure feed
On what they viewing know.
O sing not you then, lest the best
Of Angels should be driven
To fall again; at such a Feast,
Mistaking Earth for Heaven.
Nay, rather both our Souls be strain'd
To meet their high Desire;
So they in State of Grace retain'd,
May wish us of their Quire.
OH do not wanton with those Eyes,
Lest I be sick with seeing;
Nor cast them down, but let them rise,
Lest Shame destroy their being.
O, be not angry with those fires;
For then their Threats will kill me:
Nor look too kind on my desires,
For then my Hopes will spill me.
O, do not steep them in thy Tears;
For so will Sorrow slay me
Nor spread them as distract with fears;
Mine own enough betray me.
FRom Death, and dark Oblivion, ne'er the same.
The Mistriss of man's life, grave History
Raising the World to good and evil Fame
Doth vindicate it to Eternity.
Wise Providence would so; that nor the good
Might be defrauded, nor the great secur'd,
But both might know their ways were understood,
When Vice alike in time with Vertue dur'd,
Which makes that (lighted by the beamy Hand
Of Truth that searcheth the most Springs,
And guided by Experience, whose strait Wand
Doth meet, whose Line doth sound the depth of things
But to your self most Loyal Lord,
(Whose Heart in that bright Sphere flames clearest.
Though many Gems be in your Bosom stor'd,
Unknown which is the Dearest.)
Of P A N we sing, the best of Hunters, P A N,
That drives the Hart to seek unused ways,
And in the Chase, more than S Y L V A N U S can,
Hear, O you groves, and, Hills, resound his Praise.
Of brightest M I R A, do we raise our Song,
Sister of P A N, and Glory of the Spring:
Who walks on Earth, as May still went along,
Rivers and Valleys Echo what we sing.
Of P A N we sing, the Chief of Leaders, P A N,
That leads our Flocks and us, and calls both forth
To better Pastures than great P A L E S can:
Hear, O you Groves, and, Hills, resound his Worth.
Of brightest M I R A, is our Song; the Grace
Of all that Nature, yet, to Life did bring;
And were she lost, could best supply her place,
Rivers and Valleys Echo what we sing.
Fair Friend, 'tis true, your Beauties move
My Heart to a Respect:
Too little to be paid with Love,
Too great for your Neglect.
I neither love, nor yet am free,
For though the Flame I find
Be not Intense in the Degree,
'Tis of the purest kind.
It little wants of Love, but Pain,
Your Beauty takes my Sense,
And lest you should that Price disdain,
My Thoughts too feel the Influence.
'Tis not a Passions first Access
Ready to multiply,
But like Love's calmest State it is
Possest with Victory.
It is like Love to Truth reduc'd
All the false Value's gone,
Which were created, and induc'd
By fond Imagination.
'Tis either Fancy, or 'tis Fate,
To love you more than I:
I love you at your Beauties rate,
Less were an Injury.
Like unstamp'd Gold, I weigh each Grace,
So that you may collect,
Th' intrinsick Value of your Face,
Safely from my Respect.
And this Respect would merit Love,
Were not so fair a sight
Payment enough; for who dare move
Reward for his Delight?
 
The wreath of banquet overnight lay withered on the neck,
 Our hands and scarfs were saffron-dyed for signal of despair,
When we went forth to Paniput to battle with the ~Mlech~, --
 Ere we came back from Paniput and left a kingdom there.
 
 
Thrice thirty thousand men were we to force the Jumna fords --
 The hawk-winged horse of Damajee, mailed squadrons of the Bhao,
Stark levies of the southern hills, the Deccan's sharpest swords,
 And he the harlot's traitor son the goatherd Mulhar Rao!
 
 
Thrice thirty thousand men were we before the mists had cleared,
 The low white mists of morning heard the war-conch scream and bray;
We called upon Bhowani and we gripped them by the beard,
 We rolled upon them like a flood and washed their ranks away.
 
 
The children of the hills of Khost before our lances ran,
 We drove the black Rohillas back as cattle to the pen;
'Twas then we needed Mulhar Rao to end what we began,
 A thousand men had saved the charge; he fled the field with ten!
 
 
There was no room to clear a sword -- no power to strike a blow,
 For foot to foot, ay, breast to breast, the battle held us fast --
Save where the naked hill-men ran, and stabbing from below
 Brought down the horse and rider and we trampled them and passed.
 
 
To left the roar of musketry rang like a falling flood --
 To right the sunshine rippled red from redder lance and blade --
Above the dark ~Upsaras~* flew, beneath us plashed the blood,
 And, bellying black against the dust, the Bhagwa Jhanda swayed.
  
 
I saw it fall in smoke and fire, the banner of the Bhao;
 I heard a voice across the press of one who called in vain: --
"Ho! Anand Rao Nimbalkhur, ride!  Get aid of Mulhar Rao!
 Go shame his squadrons into fight -- the Bhao -- the Bhao is slain!"
 
 
Thereat, as when a sand-bar breaks in clotted spume and spray --
 When rain of later autumn sweeps the Jumna water-head,
Before their charge from flank to flank our riven ranks gave way;
 But of the waters of that flood the Jumna fords ran red.
 
 
I held by Scindia, my lord, as close as man might hold;
 A Soobah of the Deccan asks no aid to guard his life;
But Holkar's Horse were flying, and our chiefest chiefs were cold,
 And like a flame among us leapt the long lean Northern knife.
 
 
I held by Scindia -- my lance from butt to tuft was dyed,
 The froth of battle bossed the shield and roped the bridle-chain --
What time beneath our horses' feet a maiden rose and cried,
 And clung to Scindia, and I turned a sword-cut from the twain.
 
 
(He set a spell upon the maid in woodlands long ago,
 A hunter by the Tapti banks she gave him water there:
He turned her heart to water, and she followed to her woe.
 What need had he of Lalun who had twenty maids as fair?)
 
 
Now in that hour strength left my lord; he wrenched his mare aside;
 He bound the girl behind him and we slashed and struggled free.
Across the reeling wreck of strife we rode as shadows ride
 From Paniput to Delhi town, but not alone were we.
 
 
'Twas Lutuf-Ullah Populzai laid horse upon our track,
 A swine-fed reiver of the North that lusted for the maid;
I might have barred his path awhile, but Scindia called me back,
 And  I -- O woe for Scindia! -- I listened and obeyed.
 
 
League after league the formless scrub took shape and glided by --
 League after league the white road swirled behind the white mare's feet --
League after league, when leagues were done, we heard the Populzai,
 Where sure as Time and swift as Death the tireless footfall beat.
 
 
Noon's eye beheld that shame of flight, the shadows fell, we fled
 Where steadfast as the wheeling kite he followed in our train;
The black wolf warred where we had warred, the jackal mocked our dead,
 And terror born of twilight-tide made mad the labouring brain.
 
 
I gasped: -- "A kingdom waits my lord; her love is but her own.
 A day shall mar, a day shall cure for her, but what for thee?
Cut loose the girl:  he follows fast.  Cut loose and ride alone!"
 Then Scindia 'twixt his blistered lips: -- "My Queens' Queen shall she be!
 
 
"Of all who ate my bread last night 'twas she alone that came
 To seek her love between the spears and find her crown therein!
One shame is mine to-day, what need the weight of double shame?
 If once we reach the Delhi gate, though all be lost, I win!"
 
 
We rode -- the white mare failed -- her trot a staggering stumble grew, --
 The cooking-smoke of even rose and weltered and hung low;
And still we heard the Populzai and still we strained anew,
 And Delhi town was very near, but nearer was the foe.
 
 
Yea, Delhi town was very near when Lalun whispered: -- "Slay!
 Lord of my life, the mare sinks fast -- stab deep and let me die!"
But Scindia would not, and the maid tore free and flung away,
 And turning as she fell we heard the clattering Populzai.
 
 
Then Scindia checked the gasping mare that rocked and groaned for breath,
 And wheeled to charge and plunged the knife a hand's-breadth in her side --
The hunter and the hunted know how that last pause is death --
 The blood had chilled about her heart, she reared and fell and died.
 
 
Our Gods were kind.  Before he heard the maiden's piteous scream
 A log upon the Delhi road, beneath the mare he lay --
Lost mistress and lost battle passed before him like a dream;
 The darkness closed about his eyes -- I bore my King away.
 
 
 
O woe is me for the merry life
 I led beyond the Bar,
And a treble woe for my winsome wife
 That weeps at Shalimar.
 
 
They have taken away my long jezail,
 My shield and sabre fine,
And heaved me into the Central jail
 For lifting of the kine.
 
 
The steer may low within the byre,
 The Jat may tend his grain,
But there'll be neither loot nor fire
 Till I come back again.
 
 
And God have mercy on the Jat
 When once my fetters fall,
And Heaven defend the farmer's hut
 When I am loosed from thrall.
 
 
It's woe to bend the stubborn back
 Above the grinching quern,
It's woe to hear the leg-bar clack
 And jingle when I turn!
 
 
But for the sorrow and the shame,
 The brand on me and mine,
I'll pay you back in leaping flame
 And loss of the butchered kine.
 
 
For every cow I spared before
 In charity set free,
If I may reach my hold once more
 I'll reive an honest three.
 
 
For every time I raised the low
 That scared the dusty plain,
By sword and cord, by torch and tow
 I'll light the land with twain!
 
 
Ride hard, ride hard to Abazai,
 Young ~Sahib~ with the yellow hair --
Lie close, lie close as khuttucks lie,
 Fat herds below Bonair!
 
 
The one I'll shoot at twilight-tide,
 At dawn I'll drive the other;
The black shall mourn for hoof and hide,
 The white man for his brother.
 
 
'Tis war, red war, I'll give you then,
 War till my sinews fail;
For the wrong you have done to a chief of men,
 And a thief of the Zukka Kheyl.
 
 
And if I fall to your hand afresh
 I give you leave for the sin,
That you cram my throat with the foul pig's flesh,
 And swing me in the skin!
 
 
We put out from Sunderland loaded down with rails;
 We put back to Sunderland 'cause our cargo shifted;
We put out from Sunderland -- met the winter gales --
 Seven days and seven nights to the Start we drifted.
One by one the Lights came up, winked and let us by;
 Mile by mile we waddled on, coal and fo'c'sle short;
Met a blow that laid us down, heard a bulkhead fly;
 Left the ~Wolf~ behind us with a two-foot list to port.
'Felt her hog and felt her sag, betted when she'd break;
 Wondered every time she raced if she'd stand the shock;
Heard the seas like drunken men pounding at her strake;
 Hoped the Lord hud keep his thumb on the plummer-block.
O her nose flung up to sky, groaning to be still --
 Up and down and back we went, never time for breath;
Then the money paid at Lloyd's caught her by the heel,
 And the stars ran round and round dancin' at our death.
Once we saw between the squalls, lyin' head to swell --
 Mad with work and weariness, wishin' they was we --
Some damned Liner's lights go by like a long hotel;
 Cheered her from the ~Bolivar~ swampin' in the sea.
 
My new-cut ashlar takes the light
 Where crimson-blank the windows flare;
By my own work, before the night,
 Great Overseer I make my prayer.
 
 
If there be good in that I wrought,
 Thy hand compelled it, Master, Thine;
Where I have failed to meet Thy thought
 I know, through Thee, the blame is mine.
 
 
One instant's toil to Thee denied
 Stands all Eternity's offence,
Of that I did with Thee to guide
 To Thee, through Thee, be excellence.
 
 
Who, lest all thought of Eden fade,
 Bring'st Eden to the craftsman's brain,
Godlike to muse o'er his own trade
 And Manlike stand with God again.
 
 
The depth and dream of my desire,
 The bitter paths wherein I stray,
Thou knowest Who hast made the Fire,
 Thou knowest Who hast made the Clay!
 
 
One stone the more swings to her place
 In that dread Temple of Thy Worth --
It is enough that through Thy grace
 I saw naught common on Thy earth.
 
 
Take not that vision from my ken;
 Oh whatsoe'er may spoil or speed,
Help me to need no aid from men
 That I may help such men as need!
 
 
 
     The Cities are full of pride,
      Challenging each to each --
     This from her mountain-side,
      That from her burthened beach.
 
     And the men that breed from them
      They traffic up and down,
     But cling to their cities' hem
      As a child to their mother's gown.
 
     Surely in toil or fray
      Under an alien sky,
     Comfort it is to say:
      "Of no mean city am I!"
 
     Now for this debt I owe,
      And for her far-borne cheer
     Must I make haste and go
      With tribute to her pier.
 
Here in the womb of the world -- here on the tie-ribs of earth
 Words, and the words of men, flicker and flutter and beat --
Warning, sorrow and gain, salutation and mirth --
 For a Power troubles the Still that has neither voice nor feet.
They have wakened the timeless Things; they have killed their father Time;
 Joining hands in the gloom, a league from the last of the sun.
Hush!  Men talk to-day o'er the waste of the ultimate slime,
 And a new Word runs between:  whispering, "Let us be one!"
 
 
 
Royal and Dower-royal, I the Queen
 Fronting thy richest sea with richer hands --
A thousand mills roar through me where I glean
 All races from all lands.
 
 
Me the Sea-captain loved, the River built,
 Wealth sought and Kings adventured life to hold.
Hail, England!  I am Asia -- Power on silt,
 Death in my hands, but Gold!
 
 
Clive kissed me on the mouth and eyes and brow,
 Wonderful kisses, so that I became
Crowned above Queens -- a withered beldame now,
 Brooding on ancient fame.
 
  
Hail, Mother!  Do they call me rich in trade?
 Little care I, but hear the shorn priest drone,
And watch my silk-clad lovers, man by maid,
 Laugh 'neath my Shwe Dagon.
 
 
Hail, Mother!  East and West must seek my aid
 Ere the spent gear may dare the ports afar.
The second doorway of the wide world's trade
 Is mine to loose or bar.
 
 
Hail, Mother!  Hold me fast; my Praya sleeps
  Under innumerable keels to-day.
Yet guard (and landward), or to-morrow sweeps
  Thy war-ships down the bay!
 
 
Into the mist my guardian prows put forth,
 Behind the mist my virgin ramparts lie,
The Warden of the Honour of the North,
 Sleepless and veiled am I!
 
 
Peace is our portion.  Yet a whisper rose,
 Foolish and causeless, half in jest, half hate.
Now wake we and remember mighty blows,
 And, fearing no man, wait!
 
 
From East to West the circling word has passed,
 Till West is East beside our land-locked blue;
From East to West the tested chain holds fast,
 The well-forged link rings true!
 
 
Hail!  Snatched and bartered oft from hand to hand,
 I dream my dream, by rock and heath and pine,
Of Empire to the northward.  Ay, one land
 From Lion's Head to Line!
 
 
Greeting!  Nor fear nor favour won us place,
 Got between greed of gold and dread of drouth,
Loud-voiced and reckless as the wild tide-race
 That whips our harbour-mouth!
 
 
Greeting!  My birth-stain have I turned to good;
 Forcing strong wills perverse to steadfastness:
The first flush of the tropics in my blood,
 And at my feet Success!
 
 
The northern stirp beneath the southern skies --
 I build a Nation for an Empire's need,
Suffer a little, and my land shall rise,
 Queen over lands indeed!
 
 
Man's love first found me; man's hate made me Hell;
 For my babes' sake I cleansed those infamies.
Earnest for leave to live and labour well,
 God flung me peace and ease.
 
 
Last, loneliest, loveliest, exquisite, apart --
 On us, on us the unswerving season smiles,
Who wonder 'mid our fern why men depart
 To seek the Happy Isles!
 
     Coastwise -- cross-seas -- round the world and back again --
      Where the flaw shall head us or the full Trade suits --
     Plain-sail -- storm-sail -- lay your board and tack again --
      And that's the way we'll pay Paddy Doyle for his boots!
 
     Coastwise -- cross-seas -- round the world and back again,
      Whither flaw shall fail us or the Trades drive down:
     Plain-sail -- storm-sail -- lay your board and tack again --
      And all to bring a cargo up to London Town!
 
 
 
I sent a message to my dear --
 A thousand leagues and more to Her --
The dumb sea-levels thrilled to hear,
 And Lost Atlantis bore to Her.
 
 
Behind my message hard I came,
 And nigh had found a grave for me;
But that I launched of steel and flame
 Did war against the wave for me.
 
 
Uprose the deep, by gale on gale,
 To bid me change my mind again --
He broke his teeth along my rail,
 And, roaring, swung behind again.
 
 
I stayed the sun at noon to tell
 My way across the waste of it;
I read the storm before it fell
 And made the better haste of it.
 
 
Afar, I hailed the land at night --
 The towers I built had heard of me --
And, ere my rocket reached its height,
 Had flashed my Love the word of me.
 
 
Earth sold her chosen men of strength
 (They lived and strove and died for me)
To drive my road a nation's length,
 And toss the miles aside for me.
 
 
I snatched their toil to serve my needs --
 Too slow their fleetest flew for me --
I tired twenty smoking steeds,
 And bade them bait a new for me.
 
 
I sent the lightnings forth to see
 Where hour by hour She waited me.
Among ten million one was She,
 And surely all men hated me!
 
 
Dawn ran to meet me at my goal --
 Ah, day no tongue shall tell again!
And little folk of little soul
 Rose up to buy and sell again!
 
 
"If the Led Striker call it a strike,
 Or the papers call it a war,
They know not much what I am like,
 Nor what he is, my Avatar."
 
 
Through many roads, by me possessed,
 He shambles forth in cosmic guise;
He is the Jester and the Jest,
 And he the Text himself applies.
 
 
The Celt is in his heart and hand,
 The Gaul is in his brain and nerve;
Where, cosmopolitanly planned,
 He guards the Redskin's dry reserve.
 
 
His easy unswept hearth he lends
 From Labrador to Guadeloupe;
Till, elbowed out by sloven friends,
 He camps, at sufferance, on the stoop.
 
 
Calm-eyed he scoffs at sword and crown,
 Or panic-blinded stabs and slays:
Blatant he bids the world bow down,
 Or cringing begs a crust of praise;
 
 
Or, sombre-drunk, at mine and mart,
 He dubs his dreary brethren Kings.
His hands are black with blood -- his heart
 Leaps, as a babe's, at little things.
 
 
But, through the shift of mood and mood,
 Mine ancient humour saves him whole --
The cynic devil in his blood
 That bids him mock his hurrying soul;
 
 
That bids him flout the Law he makes,
 That bids him make the Law he flouts,
Till, dazed by many doubts, he wakes
 The drumming guns that -- have no doubts;
 
 
That checks him foolish -- hot and fond,
 That chuckles through his deepest ire,
That gilds the slough of his despond
 But dims the goal of his desire;
 
 
Inopportune, shrill-accented,
 The acrid Asiatic mirth
That leaves him, careless 'mid his dead,
 The scandal of the elder earth.
 
 
How shall he clear himself, how reach
 Your bar or weighed defence prefer?
A brother hedged with alien speech
 And lacking all interpreter.
 
 
Which knowledge vexes him a space;
 But while Reproof around him rings,
He turns a keen untroubled face
 Home, to the instant need of things.
 
 
Enslaved, illogical, elate,
 He greets th' embarrassed Gods, nor fears
To shake the iron hand of Fate
 Or match with Destiny for beers.
 
 
Lo, imperturbable he rules,
 Unkempt, disreputable, vast --
And, in the teeth of all the schools,
 I -- I shall save him at the last!
 
 
 
     When HOmer smote his bloomin' lyre,
      He'd heard men sing by land an' sea;
     An' what he thought he might require,
      HE went an' took -- the same as me!
 
 
     The market-girls an' fishermen,
      The shepherds an' the sailors, too,
     They heard old songs turn up again,
       But kep' it quiet -- same as you!
 
 
     They knew he stole; he knew they knowed.
      They didn't tell, nor make a fuss,
     But winked at HOmer down the road,
      An' he winked back -- the same as us!
 
 
 
We might ha' been court-martialled, but it all come out all right
 When they signalled us to join the main command.
There was every round expended, there was every gunner tight,
 An' the Captain waved a corkscrew in his hand.
 
 
     So it was "Rounds!  What Rounds?" at two of a frosty night,
      he's holdin' on by the sergeant's sash, but, sentry, shut your eye.
     An' it was "Pass!  All's well!"  Oh, ain't he drippin' tight!
      HE'll need an affidavit pretty badly by-an'-by.
 
     For to admire an' for to see,
      For to behold this world so wide --
     It never done no good to me,
      But I can't drop it if I tried!
 
Eyes of grey--a sodden quay,
Driving rain and falling tears,
As the steamer wears to sea
In a parting storm of cheers.
Eyes of black--a throbbing keel,
Milky foam to left and right;
Whispered converse near the wheel
In the brilliant tropic night.
Eyes of brown--a dusty plain
Split and parched with heat of June,
Flying hoof and tightened rein,
Hearts that beat the old, old tune.
Eyes of blue--the Simla Hills
Silvered with the moonlight hoar;
Pleading of the waltz that thrills,
Dies and echoes round Benmore.
Maidens of your charity,
Pity my most luckless state.
Four times Cupid's debtor I--
Bankrupt in quadruplicate.
        In the towns of the North and the East,
        They gathered as unto rule,
        They bade him starve his priest
        And send his children to school.
        Railways and roads they wrought,
        For the needs of the soil within;
        A time to squabble in court,
        A time to bear and to grin.
        And gave him peace in his ways,
        Jails--and Police to fight,
        Justice--at length of days,
        And Right--and Might in the Right.
        His speech is of mortgaged bedding,
        On his kine he borrows yet,
        At his heart is his daughter's wedding,
        In his eye foreknowledge of debt.
        He eats and hath indigestion,
        He toils and he may not stop;
        His life is a long-drawn question
        Between a crop and a crop.
Dim dawn behind the tamarisks--the sky is saffron-yellow--
  As the women in the village grind the corn,
And the parrots seek the riverside, each calling to his fellow
  That the Day, the staring Easter Day is born.
    Oh the white dust on the highway! Oh the stenches in the byway!
      Oh the clammy fog that hovers o'er the earth;
    And at Home they're making merry 'neath the white and scarlet berry--
      What part have India's exiles in their mirth?
Full day behind the tamarisks--the sky is blue and staring--
  As the cattle crawl afield beneath the yoke,
And they bear One o'er the field-path, who is past all hope or caring,
  To the ghat below the curling wreaths of smoke.
    Call on Rama, going slowly, as ye bear a brother lowly--
      Call on Rama--he may hear, perhaps, your voice!
    With our hymn-books and our psalters we appeal to other altars,
      And today we bid "good Christian men rejoice!"
High noon behind the tamarisks--the sun is hot above us--
  As at Home the Christmas Day is breaking wan.
They will drink our healths at dinner--those who tell us how they love us,
  And forget us till another year be gone!
Grey dusk behind the tamarisks--the parrots fly together--
  As the sun is sinking slowly over Home;
And his last ray seems to mock us shackled in a lifelong tether.
  That drags us back howe'er so far we roam.
Black night behind the tamarisks--the owls begin their chorus--
  As the conches from the temple scream and bray.
With the fruitless years behind us, and the hopeless years before us,
  Let us honor, O my brother, Christmas Day!
And the ploughman settles the share
More deep in the grudging clod;
For he saith: "The wheat is my care,
And the rest is the will of God.
He sent the Mahratta spear
As He sendeth the rain,
And the Mlech, in the fated year,
Broke the spear in twain.
And was broken in turn. Who knows
How our Lords make strife?
It is good that the young wheat grows,
For the bread is Life."
"He sendeth us years that are good,
As He sendeth the dearth,
He giveth to each man his food,
Or Her food to the Earth.
Our Kings and our Queens are afar--
On their peoples be peace--
God bringeth the rain to the Bar,
That our cattle increase."
    Muses help me, sorrow swarmeth,
    Eyes are fraught with seas of languish;
    Heavy hope my solace harmeth,
    Mind's repast is bitter anguish.
    Eye of day regarded never
    Certain trust in world untrusty;
    Flattering hope beguileth ever
    Weary, old, and wanton lusty.
    Dawn of day beholds enthroned
    Fortune's darling, proud and dreadless;
    Darksome night doth hear him moaned,
    Who before was rich and needless.
    Rob the sphere of lines united,
    Make a sudden void in nature;
    Force the day to be benighted,
    Reave the cause of time and creature;
    Ere the world will cease to vary,
    This I weep for, this I sorrow.
    Muses, if you please to tarry,
    Further helps I mean to borrow.
    Courted once by fortune's favour,
    Compassed now with envy's curses,
    All my thoughts of sorrow savour,
    Hopes run fleeting like the sources.
    Ay me! Wanton scorn hath maimed
    All the joy my heart enjoyed;
    Thoughts their thinking have disclaimed,
    Hate my hopes hath quite annoyed.
    Scant regard my weal hath scanted,
    Looking coy hath forced my lowering;
    Nothing liked where nothing wanted
    Weds mine eyes to ceaseless showering.
    Former love was once admired,
    Present favour is estranged,
    Loath the pleasure long desired;
    Thus both men and thoughts are changed.
    Lovely swain with lucky guiding,
    Once (but now no more so friended)
    Thou my flocks hast had in minding,
    From the morn till day was ended.
    Drink and fodder, food and folding,
    Had my lambs and ewes together;
    I with them was still beholding,
    Both in warmth and winter weather.
    Now they languish since refused,
    Ewes and lambs are pained with pining;
    I with ewes and lambs confused,
    All unto our deaths declining.
    Silence, leave thy cave obscured;
    Deign a doleful swain to tender;
    Though disdains I have endured,
    Yet I am no deep offender.
    Phillis' son can with his finger
    Hide his scar, it is so little;
    Little sin a day to linger,
    Wise men wander in a tittle.
    Thriftless yet my swain have turned,
    Though my sun he never showeth:
    Though I weep, I am not mourned;
    Though I want, no pity groweth.
    Yet for pity love my muses;
    Gentle silence be their cover;
    They must leave their wonted uses,
    Since I leave to be a lover.
    They shall live with thee inclosed,
    I will loathe my pen and paper
    Art shall never be supposed,
    Sloth shall quench the watching taper.
    Kiss them, silence, kiss them kindly
    Though I leave them, yet I love them;
    Though my wit have led them blindly,
    Yet my swain did once approve them.
    I will travel soils removed,
    Night and morrow never merry;
    Thou shalt harbour that I loved,
    I will love that makes me weary.
    If perchance the sheep estrayeth,
    In thy walks and shades unhaunted,
    Tell the teen my heart betrayeth,
    How neglect my joys hath daunted.
     Enough, enough of orbs and spheres,
       Reach me a trumpet or a drum,
     To sound sharp synnets in your ears,
       And beat a deep encomium.
          
     I know not th' Eight Intelligence:
       Those that do understand it, pray
     Let them step hither, and from thence
       Speak what they all do sing or say:
          
     Nor what your diapasons are,
       Your sympathies and symphonies;
     To me they seem as distant farre
       As whence they take their infant rise.
          
     But I've a grateful heart can ring
       A peale of ordnance to your praise,
     And volleys of small plaudits bring
       To clowd a crown about your baies.
     Though laurel is thought thunder free,
       That storms and lightning disallows,
     Yet Caesar thorough fire and sea
       Snatches her to twist his conquering brows.
     And now me thinks like him you stand
       I' th' head of all the Poets' hoast,
     Whilest with your words you do command,
       They silent do their duty boast.
     Which done, the army ecchoes o're,
       Like Gamble Ios one and all,
     And in their various notes implore,
       Long live our noble Generall.
                    
Tell me not, (sweet,) I am unkinde,
  That from the nunnerie
Of thy chaste breast and quiet minde
  To warre and armes I flie.
True: a new Mistresse now I chase,
  The first foe in the field;
And with a stronger faith imbrace
  A sword, a horse, a shield.
Yet this inconstancy is such,
  As you too shall adore;
I could not love thee, dear, so much,
  Lov'd I not Honour more.
Ah me! the little tyrant theefe!
  As once my heart was playing,
He snatcht it up and flew away,
  Laughing at all my praying.
Proud of his purchase, he surveys
  And curiously sounds it,
And though he sees it full of wounds,
  Cruel one, still he wounds it.
And now this heart is all his sport,
  Which as a ball he boundeth
From hand to breast, from breast to lip,
  And all its rest confoundeth.
Then as a top he sets it up,
  And pitifully whips it;
Sometimes he cloathes it gay and fine,
  Then straight againe he strips it.
He cover'd it with false reliefe,
  Which gloriously show'd it;
And for a morning-cushionet
  On's mother he bestow'd it.
Each day, with her small brazen stings,
  A thousand times she rac'd it;
But then at night, bright with her gemmes,
  Once neere her breast she plac'd it.
There warme it gan to throb and bleed;
  She knew that smart, and grieved;
At length this poore condemned heart
  With these rich drugges repreeved.
She washt the wound with a fresh teare,
  Which my LUCASTA dropped,
And in the sleave-silke of her haire
  'Twas hard bound up and wrapped.
She proab'd it with her constancie,
  And found no rancor nigh it;
Only the anger of her eye
  Had wrought some proud flesh by it.
Then prest she narde in ev'ry veine,
  Which from her kisses trilled;
And with the balme heald all its paine,
  That from her hand distilled.
But yet this heart avoyds me still,
  Will not by me be owned;
But's fled to its physitian's breast;
  There proudly sits inthroned.
Lucasta wept, and still the bright
   Inamour'd god of day,
With his soft handkercher of light,
   Kist the wet pearles away.
But when her teares his heate or'ecame,
   In cloudes he quensht his beames,
And griev'd, wept out his eye of flame,
   So drowned her sad streames.
At this she smiled, when straight the sun
   Cleer'd by her kinde desires;
And by her eyes reflexion
   Fast kindl'd there his fires.
Eastrich! thou featherd foole, and easie prey,
  That larger sailes to thy broad vessell needst;
Snakes through thy guttur-neck hisse all the day,
  Then on thy iron messe at supper feedst.
O what a glorious transmigration
  From this to so divine an edifice
Hast thou straight made! heere from a winged stone
  Transform'd into a bird of paradice!
Now doe thy plumes for hiew and luster vie
  With th' arch of heav'n that triumphs or'e past wet,
And in a rich enamel'd pinion lye
  With saphyres, amethists and opalls set.
Sometime they wing her side, <thee> strive to drown
  The day's eyes piercing beames, whose am'rous heat
Sollicites still, 'till with this shield of downe
  From her brave face his glowing fires are beat.
But whilst a plumy curtaine she doth draw,
  A chrystall mirror sparkles in thy breast,
In which her fresh aspect when as she saw,
  And then her foe retired to the west.
Deare engine, that oth' sun got'st me the day,
  'Spite of his hot assaults mad'st him retreat!
No wind (said she) dare with thee henceforth play
  But mine own breath to coole the tyrants heat.
My lively shade thou ever shalt retaine
  In thy inclosed feather-framed glasse,
And but unto our selves to all remaine
  Invisible, thou feature of this face!
So said, her sad swaine over-heard and cried:
  Yee Gods! for faith unstaind this a reward!
Feathers and glasse t'outweigh my vertue tryed!
  Ah! show their empty strength! the gods accord.
Now fall'n the brittle favourite lyes and burst!
  Amas'd LUCASTA weepes, repents and flies
To her ALEXIS, vowes her selfe acurst,
  If hence she dresse her selfe but in his eyes.
Yee happy floods! that now must passe
  The sacred conduicts of her wombe,
Smooth and transparent as your face,
  When you are deafe, and windes are dumbe.
Be proud! and if your waters be
  Foul'd with a counterfeyted teare,
Or some false sigh hath stained yee,
  Haste, and be purified there.
And when her rosie gates y'have trac'd,
  Continue yet some Orient wet,
'Till, turn'd into a gemme, y'are plac'd
  Like diamonds with rubies set.
Yee drops, that dew th' Arabian bowers,
  Tell me, did you e're smell or view
On any leafe of all your flowers
  Soe sweet a sent, so rich a hiew?
But as through th' Organs of her breath
  You trickle wantonly, beware:
Ambitious Seas in their just death
  As well as Lovers, must have share.
And see! you boyle as well as I;
  You, that to coole her did aspire,
Now troubled and neglected lye,
  Nor can your selves quench your owne fire.
Yet still be happy in the thought,
  That in so small a time as this,
Through all the Heavens you were brought
  Of Vertue, Honour, Love and Blisse.
See! what an undisturbed teare
  She weepes for her last sleepe;
But, viewing her, straight wak'd a Star,
  She weepes that she did weepe.
Griefe ne're before did tyranize
  On th' honour of that brow,
And at the wheeles of her brave eyes
  Was captive led til now.
Thus, for a saints apostacy
  The unimagin'd woes
And sorrowes of the Hierarchy
  None but an angel knowes.
Thus, for lost soules recovery
  The clapping of all wings
And triumphs of this victory
  None but an angel sings.
So none but she knows to bemone
  This equal virgins fate,
None but LUCASTA can her crowne
  Of glory celebrate.
Then dart on me (CHAST LIGHT) one ray,
  By which I may discry
Thy joy cleare through this cloudy day
  To dresse my sorrow by.
How I grieve that I am well!
  All my health was in my sicknes,
Go then, Destiny, and tell,
  Very death is in this quicknes.
Such a fate rules over me,
  That I glory when I languish,
And do blesse the remedy,
  That doth feed, not quench my anguish.
'Twas a gentle warmth that ceas'd
  In the vizard of a feavor;
But I feare now I am eas'd
  All the flames, since I must leave her.
Joyes, though witherd, circled me,
  When unto her voice inured
Like those who, by harmony,
  Only can be throughly cured.
Sweet, sure, was that malady,
  Whilst the pleasant angel hover'd,
Which ceasing they are all, as I,
  Angry that they are recover'd.
And as men in hospitals,
  That are maim'd, are lodg'd and dined;
But when once their danger fals,
  Ah th' are healed to be pined!
Fainting so, I might before
  Sometime have the leave to hand her,
But lusty, am beat out of dore,
  And for Love compell'd to wander.
Oh thou, that swing'st upon the waving eare
  Of some well-filled oaten beard,
Drunk ev'ry night with a delicious teare
  Dropt thee from Heav'n, where now th'art reard.
The joyes of earth and ayre are thine intire,
  That with thy feet and wings dost hop and flye;
And when thy poppy workes, thou dost retire
  To thy carv'd acorn-bed to lye.
Up with the day, the Sun thou welcomst then,
  Sportst in the guilt plats of his beames,
And all these merry dayes mak'st merry men,
  Thy selfe, and melancholy streames.
But ah, the sickle! golden eares are cropt;
  CERES and BACCHUS bid good-night;
Sharpe frosty fingers all your flowrs have topt,
  And what sithes spar'd, winds shave off quite.
Poore verdant foole! and now green ice, thy joys
  Large and as lasting as thy peirch of grasse,
Bid us lay in 'gainst winter raine, and poize
  Their flouds with an o'erflowing glasse.
Thou best of men and friends? we will create
  A genuine summer in each others breast;
And spite of this cold Time and frosen Fate,
  Thaw us a warme seate to our rest.
Our sacred harthes shall burne eternally
  As vestal flames; the North-wind, he
Shall strike his frost-stretch'd winges, dissolve and flye
  This Aetna in epitome.
Dropping December shall come weeping in,
  Bewayle th' usurping of his raigne;
But when in show'rs of old Greeke we beginne,
  Shall crie, he hath his crowne againe!
Night as cleare Hesper shall our tapers whip
  From the light casements, where we play,
And the darke hagge from her black mantle strip,
  And sticke there everlasting day.
Thus richer then untempted kings are we,
  That asking nothing, nothing need:
Though lord of all what seas imbrace, yet he
  That wants himselfe, is poore indeed.
This Queen of Prey (now prey to you),
  Fast to that pirch of ivory
In silver chaines and silken clue,
  Hath now made full thy victory:
The swelling admirall of the dread
  Cold deepe, burnt in thy flames, oh faire!
Wast not enough, but thou must lead
  Bound, too, the Princesse of the aire?
Unarm'd of wings and scaly oare,
  Unhappy crawler on the land,
To what heav'n fly'st? div'st to what shoare,
  That her brave eyes do not command?
Ascend the chariot of the Sun
  From her bright pow'r to shelter thee:
Her captive (foole) outgases him;
  Ah, what lost wretches then are we!
Now, proud usurpers on the right
  Of sacred beauty, heare your dombe;
Recant your sex, your mastry, might;
  Lower you cannot be or'ecome:
Repent, ye er'e nam'd he or head,
  For y' are in falcon's monarchy,
And in that just dominion bred,
  In which the nobler is the shee.
Hearke, reader! wilt be learn'd ith' warres?
  A gen'rall in a gowne?
Strike a league with arts and scarres,
  And snatch from each a crowne?
Wouldst be a wonder?  Such a one,
  As should win with a looke?
A bishop in a garison,
  And conquer by the booke?
Take then this mathematick shield,
  And henceforth by its rules
Be able to dispute ith' field,
  And combate in the schooles.
Whilst peaceful learning once againe
  And the souldier so concord,
As that he fights now with her penne,
  And she writes with his sword.
     Harke, reader, would'st be learn'd ith' warres,
       A CAPTAINE in a gowne?
     Strike a league with bookes and starres,
       And weave of both the crowne?
     Would'st be a wonder?  Such a one
       As would winne with a looke?
     A schollar in a garrison?
       And conquer by the booke?
     Take then this mathematick shield,
       And henceforth by its rules,
     Be able to dispute ith' field,
       And combate in the schooles.
     Whil'st peacefull learning once agen
       And th' souldier do concorde,
     As that he fights now with her penne,
       And she writes with his sword.
O JEHOVAH our Lord how wondrous great
And glorious is thy name through all the earth?
So as above the Heavens thy praise to set
Out of the tender mouths of latest bearth,
Out of the mouths of babes and sucklings thou
Hast founded strength because of all thy foes
To stint th'enemy, and slack th'avengers brow
That bends his rage thy providence to oppose.
When I behold thy Heavens, thy Fingers art,
The Moon and Starrs which thou so bright hast set,                   
In the pure firmament, then saith my heart,
O What is man that thou remembrest yet,
And think'st upon him; or of man begot
That him thou visit'st and of him art found;
Scarce to be less then Gods, thou mad'st his lot,
With honour and with state thou hast him crown'd.
O're the works of thy hand thou mad'st him Lord,
Thou hast put all under his lordly feet,
All Flocks, and Herds, by thy commanding word,
All beasts that in the field or forrest meet.                        
Fowl of the Heavens, and Fish that through the wet
Sea-paths in shoals do slide. And know no dearth.
O Jehovah our Lord how wondrous great
And glorious is thy name through all the earth.
   In Ephraims view and Benjamins,
    And in Manasse's sight                              
    Awake* thy strength, come, and be seen              
    To save us by thy might.
   Turn us again, thy grace divine
    To us O God vouchsafe;
    Cause thou thy face on us to shine
    And then we shall be safe.
   Lord God of Hosts, how long wilt thou,
    How long wilt thou declare
    Thy *smoaking wrath, and angry brow                 
    Against thy peoples praire.                         
   Thou feed'st them with the bread of tears,
    Their bread with tears they eat,
    And mak'st them* largely drink the tears            
    Wherewith their cheeks are wet.
   A strife thou mak'st us and a prey
    To every neighbour foe,
    Among themselves they *laugh, they *play,           
    And *flouts at us they throw.
   Return us, and thy grace divine,
    O God of Hosts vouchsafe                            
    Cause thou thy face on us to shine,
    And then we shall be safe.
   A Vine from Aegypt thou hast brought,
    Thy free love made it thine,
    And drov'st out Nations proud and haut
    To plant this lovely Vine.
   Thou did'st prepare for it a place
    And root it deep and fast
    That it began to grow apace,
    And fill'd the land at last.                        
  With her green shade that cover'd all,
    The Hills were over-spread
    Her Bows as high as Cedars tall
    Advanc'd their lofty head.
  Her branches on the western side
    Down to the Sea she sent,
    And upward to that river wide
    Her other branches went.
  Why hast thou laid her Hedges low
    And brok'n down her Fence,                          
    That all may pluck her, as they go,
    With rudest violence?
  The tusked Boar out of the wood
    Up turns it by the roots,
    Wild Beasts there brouze, and make their food
    Her Grapes and tender Shoots.
  Return now, God of Hosts, look down
    From Heav'n, thy Seat divine,
    Behold us, but without a frown,
    And visit this thy Vine.           
                 
  Visit this Vine, which thy right hand
    Hath set, and planted long,
    And the young branch, that for thy self
    Thou hast made firm and strong.
  But now it is consum'd with fire,
    And cut with Axes down,
    They perish at thy dreadfull ire,
    At thy rebuke and frown.
  Upon the man of thy right hand
    Let thy good hand be laid,                          
    Upon the Son of Man, whom thou
    Strong for thyself hast made.
   To God our strength sing loud, and clear,
    Sing loud to God our King,
    To Jacobs God, that all may hear
    Loud acclamations ring.
   Prepare a Hymn, prepare a Song
    The Timbrel hither bring
    The cheerfull Psaltry bring along
    And Harp with pleasant string.
   Blow, as is wont, in the new Moon
    With Trumpets lofty sound,                          
    Th'appointed time, the day wheron
    Our solemn Feast comes round.
   This was a Statute giv'n of old
    For Israel to observe
    A Law of Jacobs God, to hold
    From whence they might not swerve.
   This he a Testimony ordain'd
    In Joseph, not to change,
    When as he pass'd through Aegypt land;
    The Tongue I heard, was strange.                    
   From burden, and from slavish toyle
    I set his shoulder free;
    His hands from pots, and mirie soyle
    Deliver'd were by me.
   Hear O my people, heark'n well,
    I testifie to thee
    Thou antient flock of Israel,
    If thou wilt list to mee,
   Through out the land of thy abode
    No alien God shall be
    Nor shalt thou to a forein God
    In honour bend thy knee.                            
  I am the Lord thy God which brought
    Thee out of Aegypt land
    Ask large enough, and I, besought,
    Will grant thy full demand.
  And yet my people would not hear,
    Nor hearken to my voice;
    And Israel whom I lov'd so dear
    Mislik'd me for his choice.
  Then did I leave them to their will
    And to their wandring mind;                         
    Their own conceits they follow'd still
    Their own devises blind
  O that my people would be wise
    To serve me all their daies,
    And O that Israel would advise
    To walk my righteous waies.
  Then would I soon bring down their foes
    That now so proudly rise,
    And turn my hand against all those
    That are their enemies.                                          
  Who hate the Lord should then be fain
    To bow to him and bend,
    But they, His should remain,
    Their time should have no end.
  And he would free them from the shock
    With flower of finest wheat,
    And satisfie them from the rock
    With Honey for their Meat.
   GOD in the *great *assembly stands          
    Of Kings and lordly States,
    Among the gods* on both his hands.          
    He judges and debates.
   How long will ye *pervert the right         
    With *judgment false and wrong              
    Favouring the wicked by your might,
    Who thence grow bold and strong?
  *Regard the *weak and fatherless             
   *Dispatch the *poor mans cause,              
    And **raise the man in deep distress
    By **just and equal Lawes.                  
   Defend the poor and desolate,
    And rescue from the hands
    Of wicked men the low estate
    Of him that help demands.
   They know not nor will understand,
    In darkness they walk on,
    The Earths foundations all are *mov'd       
    And *out of order gon.                      
   I said that ye were Gods, yea all
    The Sons of God most high
   But ye shall die like men, and fall
    As other Princes die.
   Rise God, *judge thou the earth in might,
    This wicked earth *redress,                 
    For thou art he who shalt by right
    The Nations all possess.
   BE not thou silent now at length
    O God hold not thy peace,
    Sit not thou still O God of strength
    We cry and do not cease.
   For lo thy furious foes now *swell
    And *storm outrageously,                    
    And they that hate thee proud and fill
    Exalt their heads full hie.
   Against thy people they *contrive           
   *Their Plots and Counsels deep,              
   *Them to ensnare they chiefly strive         
   *Whom thou dost hide and keep.               
   Come let us cut them off say they,
    Till they no Nation be
    That Israels name for ever may
    Be lost in memory.
   For they consult *with all their might,     
    And all as one in mind
    Themselves against thee they unite
    And in firm union bind.                     
   The tents of Edom, and the brood
    Of scornful Ishmael,
    Moab, with them of Hagars blood
    That in the Desart dwell,
   Gebal and Ammon there conspire,
    And hateful Amalec,
    The Philistims, and they of Tyre
    Whose bounds the sea doth check.
   With them great Asshur also bands
    And doth confirm the knot,                  
    All these have lent their armed hands
    To aid the Sons of Lot.
  As Zeb and Oreb evil sped
    So let their Princes speed
    As Zeba, and Zalmunna bled
    So let their Princes bleed.
  For they amidst their pride have said
    By right now shall we seize
    Gods houses, and will now invade
    Their stately Palaces.                    
  My God, oh make them as a wheel
    No quiet let them find,                     
    Giddy and restless let them reel
    Like stubble from the wind.
  As when an aged wood takes fire
    Which on a sudden straies,
    The greedy flame runs hier and hier
    Till all the mountains blaze,
  So with thy whirlwind them pursue,
    And with thy tempest chase;
 *And till they *yield thee honour due,       
    Lord fill with shame their face.            
  Asham'd and troubl'd let them be,           
    Troubl'd and sham'd for ever,
    Ever confounded, and so die
    With shame, and scape it never.
  Then shall they know that thou whose name
    Jehova is alone,
    Art the most high, and thou the same
    O're all the earth art one.
   How lovely are thy dwellings fair!
    O Lord of Hoasts, how dear
    The pleasant Tabernacles are!
    Where thou do'st dwell so near.
   My Soul doth long and almost die
    Thy Courts O Lord to see,
    My heart and flesh aloud do crie,
    O living God, for thee.
   There ev'n the Sparrow freed from wrong
    Hath found a house of rest,                 
    The Swallow there, to lay her young
    Hath built her brooding nest,
    Ev'n by thy Altars Lord of Hoasts
    They find their safe abode,
    And home they fly from round the Coasts
    Toward thee, My King, my God
   Happy, who in thy house reside
    Where thee they ever praise,
   Happy, whose strength in thee doth bide,
    And in their hearts thy waies.              
   They pass through Baca's thirstie Vale,
    That dry and barren ground
    As through a fruitfull watry Dale
    Where Springs and Showrs abound.
   They journey on from strength to strength
    With joy and gladsom cheer
    Till all before our God at length
    In Sion do appear.
   Lord God of Hoasts hear now my praier
    O Jacobs God give ear,                      
   Thou God our shield look on the face
    Of thy anointed dear.
  For one day in thy Courts to be
    Is better, and mere blest
    Then in the joyes of Vanity,
    A thousand daies at best.
    I in the temple of my God
    Had rather keep a dore,
    Then dwell in Tents, and rich abode
    With Sin for evermore                       
  For God the Lord both Sun and Shield
    Gives grace and glory bright,
    No good from him shall be with-held
    Whose waies are just and right.
  Lord God of Hoasts that raign 'st on high,
    That man is truly blest
    Who only on thee doth relie.
    And in thee only rest.
   THY Land to favour graciously
    Thou hast not Lord been slack,
    Thou hast from hard Captivity
    Returned Jacob back.
   Th' iniquity thou didst forgive
    That wrought thy people woe,
    And all their Sin, that did thee grieve
    Hast hid where none shall know.
   Thine anger all thou hadst remov'd,
    And calmly didst return                     
    From thy *fierce wrath which we had prov'd  
    Far worse then fire to burn.                
   God of our saving health and peace,         
    Turn us, and us restore,
    Thine indignation cause to cease
    Toward us, and chide no more.
   Wilt thou be angry without end,
    For ever angry thus
    Wilt thou thy frowning ire extend
    From age to age on us?                      
   Wilt thou not * turn, and hear our voice    
    And us again * revive ,                     
    That so thy people may rejoyce
    By thee preserv'd alive.
   Cause us to see thy goodness Lord,
    To us thy mercy shew
    Thy saving health to us afford
    And lift in us renew.
   And now what God the Lord will speak
    I will go strait and hear,                  
    For to his people he speaks peace
    And to his Saints full dear,
 
   To his dear Saints he will speak peace,
    But let them never more
    Return to folly, but surcease
    To trespass as before.
   Surely to such as do him fear
    Salvation is at hand
    And glory shall ere long appear
    To dwell within our Land.                   
  Mercy and Truth that long were miss'd
    Now joyfully are met
    Sweet Peace and Righteousness have kiss'd
    And hand in hand are set.
  Truth from the earth like to a flowr
    Shall bud and blossom then,
    And Justice from her heavenly bowr
    Look down on mortal men.
  The Lord will also then bestow
    Whatever thing is good                      
    Our Land shall forth in plenty throw
    Her fruits to be our food.
  Before him Righteousness shall go
    His Royal Harbinger,
    Then * will he come, and not be slow          
    His footsteps cannot err.                     
   THY gracious ear, O Lord, encline,
    O hear me I thee pray,
    For I am poor, and almost pine
    With need, and sad decay.
   Preserve my soul, for *I have trod           
    Thy waies, and love the just,                
    Save thou thy servant O my God               
    Who still in thee doth trust.
   Pity me Lord for daily thee
    I call;  O make rejoyce                     
    Thy Servants Soul; for Lord to thee
    I lift my soul and voice,
   For thou art good, thou Lord art prone
    To pardon, thou to all
    Art full of mercy, thou alone
    To them that on thee call.
   Unto my supplication Lord
    Give ear, and to the crie
    Of my incessant praiers afford
    Thy hearing graciously.                      
   I in the day of my distress
    Will call on thee for aid;
    For thou wilt grant me free access
    And answer, what I pray'd.
   Like thee among the gods is none
    O Lord, nor any works
    Of all that other Gods have done
    Like to thy glorious works.
   The Nations all whom thou hast made
    Shall come, and all shall frame              
    To bow them low before thee Lord,
    And glorifie thy name.
  For great thou art, and wonders great
    By thy strong hand are done,
    Thou in thy everlasting Seat
    Remainest God alone.
  Teach me O Lord thy way most right,
    I in thy truth will hide,
    To fear thy name my heart unite
    So shall it never slide.                     
  Thee will I praise O Lord my God
    Thee honour, and adore
    With my whole heart, and blaze abroad
    Thy name for ever more.
  For great thy mercy is toward me,
    And thou hast free'd my Soul
    Eev'n from the lowest Hell set free
    From deepest darkness foul.
  O God the proud against me rise
    And violent men are met                      
    To seek my life, and in their eyes
    No fear of thee have set.
  But thou Lord art the God most mild
    Readiest thy grace to shew,
    Slow to be angry, and art stil'd
    Most mercifull, most true.
  O turn to me thy face at length,
    And me have mercy on,
    Unto thy servant give thy strength,
    And save thy hand-maids Son.                 
  Some sign of good to me afford,
    And let my foes then see
    And be asham'd, because thou Lord
    Do'st help and comfort me.
   AMONG the holy Mountains high
    Is his foundation fast,
    There Seated in his Sanctuary,
    His Temple there is plac't.
   Sions fair Gates the Lord loves more
    Then all the dwellings faire
    Of Jacobs Land, though there be store,
    And all within his care.
   City of God, most glorious things
    Of thee abroad are spoke;                    
   I mention Egypt, where proud Kings
    Did our forefathers yoke,
    I mention Babel to my friends,
    Philistia full of scorn,
    And Tyre with Ethiops utmost ends,
    Lo this man there was born:
   But twise that praise shall in our ear
    Be said of Sion last
    This and this man was born in her,
    High God shall fix her fast.                 
   The Lord shall write it in a Scrowle
    That ne're shall be out-worn
    When he the Nations doth enrowle
    That this man there was born.
   Both they who sing, and they who dance
    With sacred Songs are there,
    In thee fresh brooks, and soft streams glance
    And all my fountains clear.
   LORD God that dost me save and keep,
    All day to thee I cry;
    And all night long, before thee weep
    Before thee prostrate lie.
   Into thy presence let my praier
    With sighs devout ascend
    And to my cries, that ceaseless are,
    Thine ear with favour bend.
   For cloy'd with woes and trouble store
    Surcharg'd my Soul doth lie,                 
    My life at death's uncherful dore
    Unto the grave draws nigh.
   Reck'n'd I am with them that pass
    Down to the dismal pit
    I am a *man, but weak alas               
    And for that name unfit.                     
   From life discharg'd and parted quite
    Among the dead to sleep
    And like the slain in bloody fight
    That in the grave lie deep.                  
    Whom thou rememberest no more,
    Dost never more regard,
    Them from thy hand deliver'd o're
    Deaths hideous house hath barr'd.
   Thou in the lowest pit profound'
    Hast set me all forlorn,
    Where thickest darkness hovers round,
    In horrid deeps to mourn.
   Thy wrath from which no shelter saves
    Full sore doth press on me;                  
   *Thou break'st upon me all thy waves,         
   *And all thy waves break me                   
   Thou dost my friends from me estrange,
    And mak'st me odious,
    Me to them odious, for they change,
    And I here pent up thus.
   Through sorrow, and affliction great
    Mine eye grows dim and dead,
    Lord all the day I thee entreat,
    My hands to thee I spread.                   
  Wilt thou do wonders on the dead,
    Shall the deceas'd arise
    And praise thee from their loathsom bed
    With pale and hollow eyes ?
  Shall they thy loving kindness tell
    On whom the grave hath hold,
    Or they who in perdition dwell
    Thy faithfulness unfold?
  In darkness can thy mighty hand
    Or wondrous acts be known,                   
    Thy justice in the gloomy land
    Of dark oblivion?
  But I to thee O Lord do cry
    E're yet my life be spent,
    And up to thee my praier doth hie
    Each morn, and thee prevent.
  Why wilt thou Lord my soul forsake,
    And hide thy face from me,
  That am already bruis'd, and *shake          
    With terror sent from thee;                  
    Bruz'd, and afflicted and so low
    As ready to expire,
    While I thy terrors undergo
    Astonish'd with thine ire.
  Thy fierce wrath over me doth flow
    Thy threatnings cut me through.
  All day they round about me go,
    Like waves they me persue.
  Lover and friend thou hast remov'd
    And sever'd from me far.                     
    They fly me now whom I have lov'd,
    And as in darkness are.
  Happy the man whose wish and care
    A few paternal acres bound,
  Content to breathe his native air,
      In his own ground.
  Whose herds with milk, whose fields with bread,               
    Whose flocks supply him with attire,
  Whose trees in summer yield him shade,
      In winter fire.
  Blest, who can unconcern'dly find
    Hours, days, and years slide soft away,                 
  In health of body, peace of mind,
      Quiet by day,
  Sound sleep by night; study and ease,
    Together mixt; sweet recreation;
  And Innocence, which most does please                     
      With meditation.
  Thus let me live, unseen, unknown,
    Thus unlamented let me die,
  Steal from the world, and not a stone
      Tell where I lie.                                     
1 Descend, ye Nine! descend and sing;
    The breathing instruments inspire,
  Wake into voice each silent string,
    And sweep the sounding lyre;
  Of Orpheus now no more let poets tell,
  To bright Cecilia greater power is given;
    His numbers raised a shade from hell,
      Hers lift the soul to heaven.
    Why, Virtue, dost thou blame desire,
      Which Nature has impress'd
    Why, Nature, dost thou soonest fire
      The mild and generous breast?
    What tender passions take their turns,
      What home-felt raptures move?
    His heart now melts, now leaps, now burns,
      With reverence, hope, and love.
With ekes and alsos tack thy strain, 
Great bard ; and sing the deathless prince, 
Who lost Namur the same campaign, 
He bought Dixmuyd, and pUinder'd Deynse. 
Dear Howard, from the soft assaults of Love, 
Poets and painters never are secure ; 
Can I untouch'd the fair ones' passions move ? 
Or thou draw beauty, and not feel its power ? 
To great Apelles when young Aramon brought * 
The darling idol of his captive heart ; 
And the pleas'd nymph with kind attention sat, 
To have her charms recorded by his art : 
The am'rous master own'd her potent eyes ; 
Sigh'd when he look'd, and trembled as he drew ; 
Each flowing line confirm'd his first surprise, 
And as the piece advanc'd, the passion grew. 
While Philip's son, while Venus' son was near. 
What different tortures does his bosom feel ! 
Great was the rival, and the god severe : 
Nor could he hide his flame, nor durst reveal. 
The prince, renown'd in bounty as in arms. 
With pity saw the ill-conceal'd distress ; 
Quitted his title to Campaspe's charms, 
And gave the fair one to the friend's embrace. 
Thus the more beauteous Cloe sat to thee, 
Good Howard, emulous of the Grecian art: 
But happy thou, from Cupid's arrow free, 
And flames that pierc'd thy predecessor's heart. 
Had thy poor breast receiv'd an equal pain ; 
Had I been vested with the monarch's power; 
Thou must have sigh'd, unlucky youth, in vain ; 
Nor from my bounty hadst thou found a cure. 
Though to convince thee, that the friend did feel 
A kind concern for thy ill-fated care, 
I would have sooth'd the flame I could not heal ; 
Giv'n thee the world, though I withheld the fair. 
As after noon, one summer's day, 
Venus stood bathing in a river, 
Cupid a-shooting went that way. 
New stnmg his bow, new fill'd his quiver. 
With skill he chose his sharpest dart. 
With all his might his bow he drew ; 
Swift to his beauteous parent's heart 
The too well-guided arrow flew. 
I faint ! I die ! the goddess cried ; 
cruel, couldst thou find none other, 
To wreck thy spleen on ? Parricide ! 
Like Nero, thou hast slain thy mother. 
Poor Cupid sobbing scarce could speak ; 
Indeed, mamma, I did not know ye : 
Alas ! how easy my mistake ; 
I took you for your likeness Cloe. 
Pleas'd Cupid heard, and check'd his mother's pride : 
And who's blind now, mamma ? the urchin cried. 
'Tis Cloe's eye, and cheek, and lip, and breast : 
Friend Howard's g^enius fancied all the rest. 
The pride of every grove I chose, 
The violet sweet, and lily fair, 
The dappled pink, and blushing; rose, 
To deck my charming Cloe's hair. 
At morn the nymph vouchsaFd to place 
Upon her brow the various wreath ; 
The flowers less blooming than her face. 
The scent less fragrant than her breath. 
The flowers she wore along the day : 
And every nymph and shepherd said, 
That in her hair they look'd more gay 
Than glowing in their native bed. 
Undrest at evening when she found 
Their odours lost, their colours past ; 
She chang'd her look, and on the ground 
Her garland and her eye she cast. 
That eye dropt sense distinct nnd clear, 
As any Muse's tongue could speak. 
When- from its lid a pearly tear 
Ran trickling; down her beauteous cheek. 
Dissembling' what I knew too well, 
My love, my life, said I, explain 
This change of humour : pr'ythee, tell : 
That falling tear Ã¢â‚¬â€ What does it mean '. 
She sigh'd ; she smil'd : and to the flowers 
Pointing, the lovely moralist said : 
See, friend, in some few fleeting hours, 
See yonder, what a change is made. 
Ah me ! the blooming pride of May, 
And that of beauty are but one : 
At morn both flourish bright and gay, 
Both fade at evening, pale, and gone. 
At dawn poor Stella danc'd and sung ; 
The amorous youth around her bow'd ; 
At night her fatal knell was rung ; 
I saw, and kiss'd her in her shroud. 
Such as she is, who died to-day, 
Such I, alas ! may be to-morrow ; 
Go, Damon, bid thy Muse display 
The justice of thy Cloe's sorrow. 
Forbear to ask me, why I weep ; 
Vex'd Cloe to her shepherd said ; 
Tis for my two poor sti'ag-gling^ sheep 
Perhaps, or for my squirrel dead. 
For mind I what you late have writ '. 
Your subtle questions, and replies ; 
Emblems, to teach a female wit 
The ways, where changing Cupid flies. 
Your riddle purpos'd to rehearse 
The general power that beauty has ; 
But why did no peculiar verse 
Describe one charm of Cloe's face ? 
The glass, Avhich was at Venus' shrine, 
With such mysterious sorrow laid : 
The garland (and you call it mine) 
Which show'd how youth and beauty fade. 
Ten thousand trifles light as these 
Nor can my rage, nor anger move : 
She should be humble, who would please; 
And she must suffer, who can love. 
When in my glass I chanc'd to look ; 
Of Venus what did I implore ? 
That every grace which thence I took, 
Should know to charm my Damon more. 
Reading thy verse; Who heeds, said I, 
If here or there his glances flew ? 
O free for ever be his eye, 
Whose heart to me is always true. 
My bloom indeed, my little flower 
Of beauty quickly lost its pride ; 
For, sever'd from its native bower, 
It on thy glowing bosom died. 
Yet car'd I not what might presage. 
Or withering wreath, or fleeting youth ; 
Love I esteem'd more strong than age, 
And time less permanent than truth. 
Why then I weep, forbear to know : 
Fall uncontrolld my tears, and free : 
O Damon ! 'tis the only woe 
I ever yet conceal'd from thee. 
The secret wound with which I bleed 
Shall lie wrapt up, e'en in my hearse ; 
But on my tombstone thou shalt read 
My answer to thy dubious verse. 
Yes, fairest proof of Beauty's power, 
Dear idol of my panting heart, 
Nature points this my fatal hour : 
And I have liv'd ; and we must part. 
While now I take my last adieu. 
Heave thou no sigh, nor shed a tear ; 
Lest yet my half-clos'd eye may view- 
On earth an object worth its care. 
From Jealousy's tormenting strife 
For ever be thy bosom freed : 
That nothing may disturb thy life, 
Content a  hasten to the dead. 
Yet when some better-fated youth 
Shall with his amorous parley move thee ; 
Reflect one moment on his truth 
AVho, dying thus, persists to love thee. 
Dear Cloe, how blubber'd is that pretty face ; 
Thy cheek all on fire, and thy hair all uncurl'd: 
Pr'ythee quit this caprice ; and (as old Falstaff says) 
Let us e'en talk a little like folks of this world. 
How canst thou presume, thou hast leave to destroy 
The beauties, which Venus but lent to thy keeping ? 
Those looks were design'd to inspire love and joy : 
More ord'nary eyes may serve people for weeping-. 
To be vex'd at a trifle or two that I writ, 
Yourj udgment at once , and my passion you wrong : 
You take that for fact, which will scarce be found wit : 
Odds life ! must one swear to the truth of a song ? 
What I speak, my fair Cloe, and what I write, shows 
The difference there is betwixt nature and art : 
I court others in verse ; but I love thee in prose : 
And they have my whimsies, but thou hast my heart. 
The god of us' verse-men (you know child) the sun, 
How after his journeys he sets up his rest : 
If at morning o'er earth 'tis his fancy to run ; 
At night he declines on his Thetis's breast. 
So when I am wearied with wandering all day, 
To thee, my delight, in the evening I come : 
No matter what beauties I saw in ray way ; * 
They were but my visits, but thou art my home. 
Then finish, dear Cloe, this pastoral war; 
And let us, like Horace and Lydia, agree : 
For thou art a girl as much brighter than her, 
As he was a poet sublimer than me. 
And may not she, this darling she, 
Youthful and healthy, flesh and blood, 
Easy with him, ill us'd by thee, 
Allow this logic to be good ? 
And though its error may be such, 
As *Knags and Burgess cannot hit ; 
It yet may feel the nicer touch 
Of Wycherley's or Congreve's w it. 
What measures shall poor Paulo keep 
With madam in this piteous taking? 
She, like Macbeth, has murder'd sleep, 
And won't allow him rest though waking. 
Blest be the princes, who have fought 
For pompous names, or wide dominion ; 
Since by their error we arc taught. 
That happiness is but opinion. 
F'uoR little, pretty, fluttering thing 
Must we no longer live together ? 
And dost thou prune thy trembling- wing
To take thy flight thou know'st not whither?
Thy humorous vein, thy pleasing- folly 
Lies all neglected, nil forgot : 
And pensive, wavering, melancholy. 
Thou dread'st and hop'^t thou know'st not what. 
To all the listening world relate, 
(As thou dost his story read). 
That nothing went before so great, 
And nothing greater can succeed. 
Thy native Latium was thy darling care. 
Prudent in peace, and terrible in war : 
The boldest virtues that have govern'd earth 
From Lati urn's fruitful womb derive their birth. 
Namur, proud city, how her towers were arm'd 
How she contemn'd the approaching foe : 
Till she by William's trumpets was alarm'd, 
And shook, and sunk, and fell beneath his blow. 
Jersey, belov'd by all (for all must feel 
The influence of a form and mind, 
Where comely grace and constant virtue dwell, 
Like mingled streams, more forcible when join'd)
From this bright ejc a uence of his deed 
. They borrow that reflected light, 
With which the lasting lamp they feed, 
Whose beams dispel the damps of envious night. 
Heigho! the lark and the owl!
One flies the morning, and one lulls the night:
Only the nightingale, poor fond soul,
Sings like the fool through darkness and light.
"A widow bird sate mourning for her love
Upon a wintry bough;
The frozen wind crept on above,
The freezing stream below.
"There was no leaf upon the forest bare,
No flower upon the ground,
And little motion in the air
Except the mill-wheel's sound."
The Patron of true Holinesse,
Foule Errour doth defeate:
Hypocrisie him to entrappe,
Doth to his home entreate.
The guilefull great Enchaunter parts
The Redcrosse Knight from Truth:
Into whose stead faire falshood steps,
And workes him wofull ruth.
Forsaken Truth long seekes her loue,
And makes the Lyon mylde,
Marres blind Deuotions mart, and fals
In hand of leachour vylde.
To sinfull house of Pride, Duessa
guides the faithfull knight,
Where brothers death to wreak Sansioy
doth chalenge him to fight.
The faithfull knight in equall field
subdewes his faithlesse foe,
Whom false Duessa saues, and for
his cure to hell does goe.
From lawlesse lust by wondrous grace
fayre Vna is releast:
Whom saluage nation does adore,
and learnes her wise beheast.
The Redcrosse knight is captiue made
By Gyaunt proud opprest,
Prince Arthur meets with Vna great-
ly with those newes distrest.
Faire virgin to redeeme her deare
brings Arthur to the fight,
Who slayes the Gyant, wounds the beast,
and strips Duessa quight.
His loues and lignage Arthur tells
The knights knit friendly bands:
Sir Treuisan flies from Despayre,
Whom Redcrosse knight withstands.
Her faithfull knight faire Vna brings
to house of Holinesse,
Where he is taught repentance, and
the way to heauenly blesse.
The knight with that old Dragon fights
two dayes incessantly:
The third him ouerthrowes, and gayns
most glorious victory.
Faire Vna to the Redcrosse knight
betrouthed is with ioy:
Though false Duessa it to barre
her false sleights doe imploy.
To purchase kingdoms and to buy renown,
  Are arts peculiar to dissembling France;
You, mighty monarch, nobler actions crown,
  And solid virtue does your name advance.
Your matchless courage with your prudence joins,
  The glorious structure of your fame to raise;
With its own light your dazzling glory shines,
  And into adoration turns our praise.
Had you by dull succession gain'd your crown,
  (Cowards are monarchs by that title made,)
Part of your merit Chance would call her own,
  And half your virtues had been lost in shade.
But now your worth its just reward shall have:
  What trophies and what triumphs are your due!
Who could so well a dying nation save,
  At once deserve a crown, and gain it too.
You saw how near we were to ruin brought,
  You saw th'impetuous torrent rolling on;
And timely on the coming danger thought,
  Which we could neither obviate nor shun.
Britannia stripp'd of her sole guard, the laws,
  Ready to fall Rome's bloody sacrifice;
You straight stepp'd in, and from the monster's jaws
  Did bravely snatch the lovely, helpless prize.
Nor this is all; as glorious is the care
  To preserve conquests, as at first to gain:
In this your virtue claims a double share,
  Which, what it bravely won, does well maintain.
Your arm has now your rightful title show'd,
  An arm on which all Europe's hopes depend,
To which they look as to some guardian God,
  That must their doubtful liberty defend.
Amazed, thy action at the Boyne we see!
  When Schomberg started at the vast design:
The boundless glory all redounds to thee,
  The impulse, the fight, th'event, were wholly thine.
The brave attempt does all our foes disarm;
  You need but now give orders and command,
Your name shall the remaining work perform,
  And spare the labour of your conquering hand.
France does in vain her feeble arts apply,
  To interrupt the fortune of your course:
Your influence does the vain attacks defy
  Of secret malice, or of open force.
Boldly we hence the brave commencement date
  Of glorious deeds, that must all tongues employ;
William's the pledge and earnest given by fate,
  Of England's glory, and her lasting joy.
My Lord, to find out who must deal,
  Delivers cards about,
But the first knave does seldom fail
  To find the doctor out.
But then his honour cried, Gadzooks!
  And seem'd to knit his brow:
For on a knave he never looks
  But he thinks upon Jack How.
My lady, though she is no player,
  Some bungling partner takes,
And, wedged in corner of a chair,
  Takes snuff, and holds the stakes.
Dame Floyd looks out in grave suspense
  For pair royals and sequents;
But, wisely cautious of her pence,
  The castle seldom frequents.
Quoth Herries, fairly putting cases,
  I'd won it, on my word,
If I had but a pair of aces,
  And could pick up a third.
But Weston has a new-cast gown
  On Sundays to be fine in,
And, if she can but win a crown,
  'Twill just new dye the lining.
"With these is Parson Swift,
  Not knowing how to spend his time,
Does make a wretched shift,
  To deafen them with puns and rhyme."
Phoebus, now short'ning every shade,
  Up to the northern _tropic_ came,
And thence beheld a lovely maid,
  Attending on a royal dame.
The god laid down his feeble rays,
  Then lighted from his glitt'ring coach;
But fenc'd his head with his own bays,
  Before he durst the nymph approach.
Under those sacred leaves, secure
  From common lightning of the skies,
He fondly thought he might endure
  The flashes of Ardelia's eyes.
The nymph, who oft had read in books
  Of that bright god whom bards invoke,
Soon knew Apollo by his looks,
  And guess'd his business ere he spoke.
He, in the old celestial cant,
  Confess'd his flame, and swore by Styx,
Whate'er she would desire, to grant--
  But wise Ardelia knew his tricks.
Ovid had warn'd her to beware
  Of strolling gods, whose usual trade is,
Under pretence of taking air,
  To pick up sublunary ladies.
Howe'er, she gave no flat denial,
  As having malice in her heart;
And was resolv'd upon a trial,
  To cheat the god in his own art.
"Hear my request," the virgin said;
  "Let which I please of all the Nine
Attend, whene'er I want their aid,
  Obey my call, and only mine."
By vow oblig'd, by passion led,
  The god could not refuse her prayer:
He way'd his wreath thrice o'er her head,
  Thrice mutter'd something to the air.
And now he thought to seize his due;
  But she the charm already try'd:
Thalia heard the call, and flew
  To wait at bright Ardelia's side.
On sight of this celestial _prude_,
  Apollo thought it vain to stay;
Nor in her presence durst be rude,
  But made his leg and went away.
He hop'd to find some lucky hour,
  When on their queen the Muses wait;
But Pallas owns Ardelia's power:
  For vows divine are kept by Fate.
Then, full of rage, Apollo spoke:
  "Deceitful nymph! I see thy art;
And, though I can't my gift revoke,
  I'll disappoint its nobler part.
"Let stubborn pride possess thee long,
  And be thou negligent of fame;
With ev'ry Muse to grace thy song,
  May'st thou despise a poet's name!
"Of modest poets be thou first;
  To silent shades repeat thy verse,
Till Fame and Echo almost burst,
  Yet hardly dare one line rehearse.
"And last, my vengeance to compleat,
  May you descend to take renown,
Prevail'd on by the thing you hate,
  A Whig! and one that wears a gown!"
In pity to the empty'ng Town,
  Some God May Fair invented,
When Nature would invite us down,
  To be by Art prevented.
What a corrupted taste is ours
  When milk maids in mock state
Instead of garlands made of Flowers
  Adorn their pails with plate.
So are the joys which Nature yields
  Inverted in May Fair,
In painted cloth we look for fields,
  And step in Booths for air.
Here a Dog dancing on his hams
  And puppets mov'd by wire,
Do far exceed your frisking lambs,
  Or song of feather'd quire.
Howe'er, such verse as yours I grant
  Would be but too inviting:
Were fair Ardelia not my Aunt,
  Or were it Worsley's writing.
O'ROURKE'S noble fare
  Will ne'er be forgot,
By those who were there,
  Or those who were not.
His revels to keep,
  We sup and we dine
On seven score sheep,
  Fat bullocks, and swine.
Usquebaugh to our feast
  In pails was brought up,
A hundred at least,
  And a madder our cup.
O there is the sport!
  We rise with the light
In disorderly sort,
  From snoring all night.
O how was I trick'd!
  My pipe it was broke,
My pocket was pick'd,
  I lost my new cloak.
I'm rifled, quoth Nell,
  Of mantle and kercher,
Why then fare them well,
  The de'el take the searcher.
Come, harper, strike up;
  But, first, by your favour,
Boy, give us a cup:
  Ah! this hath some savour.
O'Rourke's jolly boys
  Ne'er dreamt of the matter,
Till, roused by the noise,
  And musical clatter,
They bounce from their nest,
  No longer will tarry,
They rise ready drest,
  Without one Ave-Mary.
They dance in a round,
  Cutting capers and ramping;
A mercy the ground
  Did not burst with their stamping.
The floor is all wet
  With leaps and with jumps,
While the water and sweat
  Splish-splash in their pumps.
Bless you late and early,
  Laughlin O'Enagin!
But, my hand, you dance rarely.
  Margery Grinagin.
Bring straw for our bed,
  Shake it down to the feet,
Then over us spread
  The winnowing sheet.
To show I don't flinch,
  Fill the bowl up again:
Then give us a pinch
  Of your sneezing, a Yean.
Good lord! what a sight,
  After all their good cheer,
For people to fight
  In the midst of their beer!
They rise from their feast,
  And hot are their brains,
A cubit at least
  The length of their skeans.
What stabs and what cuts,
  What clattering of sticks;
What strokes on the guts,
  What bastings and kicks!
With cudgels of oak,
  Well harden'd in flame,
A hundred heads broke,
  A hundred struck lame.
You churl, I'll maintain
  My father built Lusk,
The castle of Slane,
  And Carrick Drumrusk:
The Earl of Kildare,
  And Moynalta his brother,
As great as they are,
  I was nurst by their mother.
Ask that of old madam:
  She'll tell you who's who,
As far up as Adam,
  She knows it is true.
Come down with that beam,
  If cudgels are scarce,
A blow on the weam,
  Or a kick on the a----se.
When first Diana leaves her bed,
  Vapours and steams her looks disgrace,
A frowzy dirty-colour'd red
  Sits on her cloudy wrinkled face:
But by degrees, when mounted high,
  Her artificial face appears
Down from her window in the sky,
  Her spots are gone, her visage clears.
'Twixt earthly females and the moon,
  All parallels exactly run;
If Celia should appear too soon,
  Alas, the nymph would be undone!
To see her from her pillow rise,
  All reeking in a cloudy steam,
Crack'd lips, foul teeth, and gummy eyes,
  Poor Strephon! how would he blaspheme!
The soot or powder which was wont
  To make her hair look black as jet,
Falls from her tresses on her front,
  A mingled mass of dirt and sweat.
Three colours, black, and red, and white
  So graceful in their proper place,
Remove them to a different light,
  They form a frightful hideous face:
For instance, when the lily slips
  Into the precincts of the rose,
And takes possession of the lips,
  Leaving the purple to the nose:
So Celia went entire to bed,
  All her complexion safe and sound;
But, when she rose, the black and red,
  Though still in sight, had changed their ground.
The black, which would not be confined,
  A more inferior station seeks,
Leaving the fiery red behind,
  And mingles in her muddy cheeks.
The paint by perspiration cracks,
  And falls in rivulets of sweat,
On either side you see the tracks
  While at her chin the conflu'nts meet.
A skilful housewife thus her thumb,
  With spittle while she spins anoints;
And thus the brown meanders come
  In trickling streams betwixt her joints.
But Celia can with ease reduce,
  By help of pencil, paint, and brush,
Each colour to its place and use,
  And teach her cheeks again to blush.
She knows her early self no more,
  But fill'd with admiration stands;
As other painters oft adore
  The workmanship of their own hands.
Thus, after four important hours,
  Celia's the wonder of her sex;
Say, which among the heavenly powers
  Could cause such wonderful effects?
Venus, indulgent to her kind,
  Gave women all their hearts could wish,
When first she taught them where to find
  White lead, and Lusitanian dish.
Love with white lead cements his wings;
  White lead was sent us to repair
Two brightest, brittlest, earthly things,
  A lady's face, and China-ware.
She ventures now to lift the sash;
  The window is her proper sphere;
Ah, lovely nymph! be not too rash,
  Nor let the beaux approach too near.
Take pattern by your sister star;
  Delude at once and bless our sight;
When you are seen, be seen from far,
  And chiefly choose to shine by night.
In the Pall Mall when passing by,
  Keep up the glasses of your chair,
Then each transported fop will cry,
  "G----d d----n me, Jack, she's wondrous fair!"
But art no longer can prevail,
  When the materials all are gone;
The best mechanic hand must fail,
  Where nothing's left to work upon.
Matter, as wise logicians say,
  Cannot without a form subsist;
And form, say I, as well as they,
  Must fail if matter brings no grist.
And this is fair Diana's case;
  For, all astrologers maintain,
Each night a bit drops off her face,
  When mortals say she's in her wane:
While Partridge wisely shows the cause
  Efficient of the moon's decay,
That Cancer with his pois'nous claws
  Attacks her in the milky way:
But Gadbury, in art profound,
  From her pale cheeks pretends to show
That swain Endymion is not sound,
  Or else that Mercury's her foe.
But let the cause be what it will,
  In half a month she looks so thin,
That Flamsteed can, with all his skill,
  See but her forehead and her chin.
Yet, as she wastes, she grows discreet,
  Till midnight never shows her head;
So rotting Celia strolls the street,
  When sober folks are all a-bed:
For sure, if this be Luna's fate,
  Poor Celia, but of mortal race,
In vain expects a longer date
  To the materials of her face.
When Mercury her tresses mows,
  To think of oil and soot is vain:
No painting can restore a nose,
  Nor will her teeth return again.
Two balls of glass may serve for eyes,
  White lead can plaister up a cleft;
But these, alas, are poor supplies
  If neither cheeks nor lips be left.
Ye powers who over love preside!
  Since mortal beauties drop so soon,
If ye would have us well supplied,
  Send us new nymphs with each new moon!
Ye wise philosophers, explain
  What magic makes our money rise,
When dropt into the Southern main;
  Or do these jugglers cheat our eyes?
Put in your money fairly told;
  _Presto_! be gone--'Tis here again:
Ladies and gentlemen, behold,
  Here's every piece as big as ten.
Thus in a basin drop a shilling,
  Then fill the vessel to the brim,
You shall observe, as you are filling,
  The pond'rous metal seems to swim:
It rises both in bulk and height,
  Behold it swelling like a sop;
The liquid medium cheats your sight:
  Behold it mounted to the top!
In stock three hundred thousand pounds,
  I have in view a lord's estate;
My manors all contiguous round!
  A coach-and-six, and served in plate!
Thus the deluded bankrupt raves,
  Puts all upon a desperate bet;
Then plunges in the Southern waves,
  Dipt over head and ears--in debt.
So, by a calenture misled,
  The mariner with rapture sees,
On the smooth ocean's azure bed,
  Enamell'd fields and verdant trees:
With eager haste he longs to rove
  In that fantastic scene, and thinks
It must be some enchanted grove;
  And in he leaps, and down he sinks.
Five hundred chariots just bespoke,
  Are sunk in these devouring waves,
The horses drown'd, the harness broke,
  And here the owners find their graves.
Like Pharaoh, by directors led,
  They with their spoils went safe before;
His chariots, tumbling out the dead,
  Lay shatter'd on the Red Sea shore.
Raised up on Hope's aspiring plumes,
  The young adventurer o'er the deep
An eagle's flight and state assumes,
  And scorns the middle way to keep.
On paper wings he takes his flight,
  With wax the father bound them fast;
The wax is melted by the height,
  And down the towering boy is cast.
A moralist might here explain
  The rashness of the Cretan youth;
Describe his fall into the main,
  And from a fable form a truth.
His wings are his paternal rent,
  He melts the wax at every flame;
His credit sunk, his money spent,
  In Southern Seas he leaves his name.
Inform us, you that best can tell,
  Why in that dangerous gulf profound,
Where hundreds and where thousands fell,
  Fools chiefly float, the wise are drown'd?
So have I seen from Severn's brink
  A flock of geese jump down together;
Swim where the bird of Jove would sink,
  And, swimming, never wet a feather.
But, I affirm, 'tis false in fact,
  Directors better knew their tools;
We see the nation's credit crack'd,
  Each knave has made a thousand fools.
One fool may from another win,
  And then get off with money stored;
But, if a sharper once comes in,
  He throws it all, and sweeps the board.
As fishes on each other prey,
  The great ones swallowing up the small,
So fares it in the Southern Sea;
  The whale directors eat up all.
When stock is high, they come between,
  Making by second-hand their offers;
Then cunningly retire unseen,
  With each a million in his coffers.
So, when upon a moonshine night,
  An ass was drinking at a stream,
A cloud arose, and stopt the light,
  By intercepting every beam:
The day of judgment will be soon,
  Cries out a sage among the crowd;
An ass has swallow'd up the moon!
  The moon lay safe behind the cloud.
Each poor subscriber to the sea
  Sinks down at once, and there he lies;
Directors fall as well as they,
  Their fall is but a trick to rise.
So fishes, rising from the main,
  Can soar with moisten'd wings on high;
The moisture dried, they sink again,
  And dip their fins again to fly.
Undone at play, the female troops
  Come here their losses to retrieve;
Ride o'er the waves in spacious hoops,
  Like Lapland witches in a sieve.
Thus Venus to the sea descends,
  As poets feign; but where's the moral?
It shows the Queen of Love intends
  To search the deep for pearl and coral.
The sea is richer than the land,
  I heard it from my grannam's mouth,
Which now I clearly understand;
  For by the sea she meant the South.
Thus, by directors we are told,
  "Pray, gentlemen, believe your eyes;
Our ocean's cover'd o'er with gold,
  Look round, and see how thick it lies:
"We, gentlemen, are your assisters,
  We'll come, and hold you by the chin."--
Alas! all is not gold that glisters,
  Ten thousand sink by leaping in.
O! would those patriots be so kind,
  Here in the deep to wash their hands,
Then, like Pactolus, we should find
  The sea indeed had golden sands.
A shilling in the bath you fling,
  The silver takes a nobler hue,
By magic virtue in the spring,
  And seems a guinea to your view.
But, as a guinea will not pass
  At market for a farthing more,
Shown through a multiplying glass,
  Than what it always did before:
So cast it in the Southern seas,
  Or view it through a jobber's bill;
Put on what spectacles you please,
  Your guinea's but a guinea still.
One night a fool into a brook
  Thus from a hillock looking down,
The golden stars for guineas took,
  And silver Cynthia for a crown.
The point he could no longer doubt;
  He ran, he leapt into the flood;
There sprawl'd a while, and scarce got out,
  All cover'd o'er with slime and mud.
"Upon the water cast thy bread,
  And after many days thou'lt find it;"
But gold, upon this ocean spread,
  Shall sink, and leave no mark behind it:
There is a gulf, where thousands fell,
  Here all the bold adventurers came,
A narrow sound, though deep as Hell--
  'Change Alley is the dreadful name.
Nine times a-day it ebbs and flows,
  Yet he that on the surface lies,
Without a pilot seldom knows
  The time it falls, or when 'twill rise.
Subscribers here by thousands float,
  And jostle one another down;
Each paddling in his leaky boat,
  And here they fish for gold, and drown.
"Now buried in the depth below,
  Now mounted up to Heaven again,
They reel and stagger to and fro,
  At their wits' end, like drunken men."
Meantime, secure on Garway cliffs,
  A savage race, by shipwrecks fed,
Lie waiting for the founder'd skiffs,
  And strip the bodies of the dead.
But these, you say, are factious lies,
  From some malicious Tory's brain;
For, where directors get a prize,
  The Swiss and Dutch whole millions drain.
Thus, when by rooks a lord is plied,
  Some cully often wins a bet,
By venturing on the cheating side,
  Though not into the secret let.
While some build castles in the air,
  Directors build them in the seas;
Subscribers plainly see them there,
  For fools will see as wise men please.
Thus oft by mariners are shown
  (Unless the men of Kent are liars)
Earl Godwin's castles overflown,
  And palace roofs, and steeple spires.
Mark where the sly directors creep,
  Nor to the shore approach too nigh!
The monsters nestle in the deep,
  To seize you in your passing by.
Then, like the dogs of Nile, be wise,
  Who, taught by instinct how to shun
The crocodile, that lurking lies,
  Run as they drink, and drink and run.
AntÃ¦us could, by magic charms,
  Recover strength whene'er he fell;
Alcides held him in his arms,
  And sent him up in air to Hell.
Directors, thrown into the sea,
  Recover strength and vigour there;
But may be tamed another way,
  Suspended for a while in air.
Directors! for 'tis you I warn,
  By long experience we have found
What planet ruled when you were born;
  We see you never can be drown'd.
Beware, nor overbulky grow,
  Nor come within your cully's reach;
For, if the sea should sink so low
  To leave you dry upon the beach,
You'll owe your ruin to your bulk:
  Your foes already waiting stand,
To tear you like a founder'd hulk,
  While you lie helpless on the sand.
Thus, when a whale has lost the tide,
  The coasters crowd to seize the spoil:
The monster into parts divide,
  And strip the bones, and melt the oil.
Oh! may some western tempest sweep
  These locusts whom our fruits have fed,
That plague, directors, to the deep,
  Driven from the South Sea to the Red!
May he, whom Nature's laws obey,
  Who lifts the poor, and sinks the proud,
"Quiet the raging of the sea,
  And still the madness of the crowd!"
But never shall our isle have rest,
  Till those devouring swine run down,
(The devils leaving the possest)
  And headlong in the waters drown.
The nation then too late will find,
  Computing all their cost and trouble,
Directors' promises but wind,
  South Sea, at best, a mighty bubble.
Ye poets ragged and forlorn,
  Down from your garrets haste;
Ye rhymers, dead as soon as born,
  Not yet consign'd to paste;
I know a trick to make you thrive;
  O, 'tis a quaint device:
Your still-born poems shall revive,
  And scorn to wrap up spice.
Get all your verses printed fair,
  Then let them well be dried;
And Curll must have a special care
  To leave the margin wide.
Lend these to paper-sparing Pope;
  And when he sets to write,
No letter with an envelope
  Could give him more delight.
When Pope has fill'd the margins round,
  Why then recall your loan;
Sell them to Curll for fifty pound,
  And swear they are your own.
POPE has the talent well to speak,
  But not to reach the ear;
His loudest voice is low and weak,
  The Dean too deaf to hear.
Awhile they on each other look,
  Then different studies choose;
The Dean sits plodding on a book;
  Pope walks, and courts the Muse.
Now backs of letters, though design'd
  For those who more will need 'em,
Are fill'd with hints, and interlined,
  Himself can hardly read 'em.
Each atom by some other struck,
  All turns and motions tries;
Till in a lump together stuck,
  Behold a poem rise:
Yet to the Dean his share allot;
  He claims it by a canon;
That without which a thing is not,
  Is _causa sine quÃ¢ non_.
Thus, Pope, in vain you boast your wit;
  For, had our deaf divine
Been for your conversation fit,
  You had not writ a line.
Of Sherlock, thus, for preaching framed
  The sexton reason'd well;
And justly half the merit claim'd,
  Because he rang the bell.
Our schoolmaster may roar i' th' fit,
  Of classic beauty, _haec et illa_;
Not all his birch inspires such wit
  As th'ogling beams of Domitilla.
Let nobles toast, in bright champaign,
  Nymphs higher born than Domitilla;
I'll drink her health, again, again,
  In Berkeley's tar, or sars'parilla.
At Goodman's Fields I've much admired
  The postures strange of Monsieur Brilla;
But what are they to the soft step,
  The gliding air of Domitilla?
Virgil has eternized in song
  The flying footsteps of Camilla;
Sure, as a prophet, he was wrong;
  He might have dream'd of Domitilla.
Wheeler, Sir George, in travels wise,
  Gives us a medal of Plantilla;
But O! the empress has not eyes,
  Nor lips, nor breast, like Domitilla.
Not all the wealth of plunder'd Italy,
  Piled on the mules of king At-tila,
Is worth one glove (I'll not tell a bit a lie)
  Or garter, snatch'd from Domitilla.
Five years a nymph at certain hamlet,
  Y-cleped Harrow of the Hill, a-
--bused much my heart, and was a damn'd let
  To verse--but now for Domitilla.
Dan Pope consigns Belinda's watch
  To the fair sylphid Momentilla,
And thus I offer up my catch
  To the snow-white hands of Domitilla.
The life of man to represent,
  And turn it all to ridicule,
Wit did a puppet-show invent,
  Where the chief actor is a fool.
The gods of old were logs of wood,
  And worship was to puppets paid;
In antic dress the idol stood,
  And priest and people bow'd the head.
No wonder then, if art began
  The simple votaries to frame,
To shape in timber foolish man,
  And consecrate the block to fame.
From hence poetic fancy learn'd
  That trees might rise from human forms;
The body to a trunk be turn'd,
  And branches issue from the arms.
Thus DÃ¦dalus and Ovid too,
  That man's a blockhead, have confest:
Powel and Stretch the hint pursue;
  Life is a farce, the world a jest.
The same great truth South Sea has proved
  On that famed theatre, the alley;
Where thousands, by directors moved
  Are now sad monuments of folly.
What Momus was of old to Jove,
  The same a Harlequin is now;
The former was buffoon above,
  The latter is a Punch below.
This fleeting scene is but a stage,
  Where various images appear;
In different parts of youth and age,
  Alike the prince and peasant share.
Some draw our eyes by being great,
  False pomp conceals mere wood within;
And legislators ranged in state
  Are oft but wisdom in machine.
A stock may chance to wear a crown,
  And timber as a lord take place;
A statue may put on a frown,
  And cheat us with a thinking face.
Others are blindly led away,
  And made to act for ends unknown;
By the mere spring of wires they play,
  And speak in language not their own.
Too oft, alas! a scolding wife
  Usurps a jolly fellow's throne;
And many drink the cup of life,
  Mix'd and embitter'd by a Joan.
In short, whatever men pursue,
  Of pleasure, folly, war, or love:
This mimic race brings all to view:
  Alike they dress, they talk, they move.
Go on, great Stretch, with artful hand,
  Mortals to please and to deride;
And, when death breaks thy vital band,
  Thou shalt put on a puppet's pride.
Thou shalt in puny wood be shown,
  Thy image shall preserve thy fame;
Ages to come thy worth shall own,
  Point at thy limbs, and tell thy name.
Tell Tom, he draws a farce in vain,
  Before he looks in nature's glass;
Puns cannot form a witty scene,
  Nor pedantry for humour pass.
To make men act as senseless wood,
  And chatter in a mystic strain,
Is a mere force on flesh and blood,
  And shows some error in the brain.
He that would thus refine on thee,
  And turn thy stage into a school,
The jest of Punch will ever be,
  And stand confest the greater fool.
GONE the wild day:
A wilder night
Coming makes way
For brief twilight.
Where the firm soaked road
Mounts and is lost
In the high beech-wood
It shines almost.
The beeches keep
A stormy rest,
Breathing deep
Of wind from the west.
The wood is black,
With a misty steam.
Above, the cloud pack
Breaks for one gleam.
But the woodman's cot
By the ivied trees
Awakens not
To light or breeze.
It smokes aloft
Unwavering:
It hunches soft
Under storm's wing.
It has no care
For gleam or gloom:
It stays there
While I shall roam,
Die, and forget
The hill of trees,
The gleam, the wet,
This roaring peace.
LIKE the touch of rain she was
On a man's flesh and hair and eyes
When the joy of walking thus
Has taken him by surprise:
With the love of the storm he burns,
He sings, he laughs, well I know how,
But forgets when he returns
As I shall not forget her "Go now."
Those two words shut a door
Between me and the blessed rain
That was never shut before
And will not open again.
WHEN first I came here I had hope,
Hope for I knew not what. Fast beat
My heart at sight of the tall slope
Or grass and yews, as if my feet
Only by scaling its steps of chalk
Would see something no other hill
Ever disclosed. And now I walk
Down it the last time. Never will
My heart beat so again at sight
Of any hill although as fair
And loftier. For infinite
The change, late unperceived, this year,
The twelfth, suddenly, shows me plain.
Hope now,--not health, nor cheerfulness,
Since they can come and go again,
As often one brief hour witnesses,--
Just hope has gone for ever. Perhaps
I may love other hills yet more
Than this: the future and the maps
Hide something I was waiting for.
One thing I know, that love with chance
And use and time and necessity
Will grow, and louder the heart's dance
At parting than at meeting be.
WHEN we two walked in Lent
We imagined that happiness
Was something different
And this was something less.
But happy were we to hide
Our happiness, not as they were
Who acted in their pride
Juno and Jupiter:
For the Gods in their jealousy
Murdered that wife and man,
And we that were wise live free
To recall our happiness then.
THE flowers left thick at nightfall in the wood
This Eastertide call into mind the men,
Now far from home, who, with their sweethearts, should
Have gathered them and will do never again.
WOMEN he liked, did shovel-bearded Bob,
Old Farmer Hayward of the Heath, but he
Loved horses. He himself was like a cob,
And leather-coloured. Also he loved a tree.
For the life in them he loved most living things,
But a tree chiefly. All along the lane
He planted elms where now the stormcock sings
That travellers hear from the slow-climbing train.
Till then the track had never had a name
For all its thicket and the nightingales
That should have earned it. No one was to blame.
To name a thing beloved man sometimes fails.
Many years since, Bob Hayward died, and now
None passes there because the mist and the rain
Out of the elms have turned the lane to slough
And gloom, the name alone survives, Bob's Lane.
THE cherry trees bend over and are shedding
On the old road where all that passed are dead,
Their petals, strewing the grass as for a wedding
This early May morn when there is none to wed.
TALL nettles cover up, as they have done
These many springs, the rusty harrow, the plough
Long worn out, and the roller made of stone:
Only the elm butt tops the nettles now.
This corner of the farmyard I like most:
As well as any bloom upon a flower
I like the dust on the nettles, never lost
Except to prove the sweetness of a shower.
THE sun used to shine while we two walked
Slowly together, paused and started
Again, and sometimes mused, sometimes talked
As either pleased, and cheerfully parted
Each night. We never disagreed
Which gate to rest on. The to be
And the late past we gave small heed.
We turned from men or poetry
To rumours of the war remote
Only till both stood disinclined
For aught but the yellow flavorous coat
Of an apple wasps had undermined;
Or a sentry of dark betonies,
The stateliest of small flowers on earth,
At the forest verge; or crocuses
Pale purple as if they had their birth
In sunless Hades fields. The war
Came back to mind with the moonrise
Which soldiers in the east afar
Beheld then. Nevertheless, our eyes
Could as well imagine the Crusades
Or Caesar's battles. Everything
To faintness like those rumours fades--
Like the brook's water glittering
Under the moonlight--like those walks
Now--like us two that took them, and
The fallen apples, all the talks
And silences--like memory's sand
When the tide covers it late or soon,
And other men through other flowers
In those fields under the same moon
Go talking and have easy hours.
THE long small room that showed willows in the west
Narrowed up to the end the fireplace filled,
Although not wide. I liked it. No one guessed
What need or accident made them so build.
Only the moon, the mouse and the sparrow peeped
In from the ivy round the casement thick.
Of all they saw and heard there they shall keep
The tale for the old ivy and older brick.
When I look back I am like moon, sparrow and mouse
That witnessed what they could never understand
Or alter or prevent in the dark house.
One thing remains the same--this my right hand
Crawling crab-like over the clean white page,
Resting awhile each morning on the pillow,
Then once more starting to crawl on towards age.
The hundred last leaves stream upon the willow.
YE vales and woods! fair scenes of happier hours!
    Ye feather'd people, tenants of the grove!
And you, bright stream! befringed with shrubs and flowers,
    Behold my grief, ye witnesses of love!
For ye beheld my infant passion rise,
    And saw through years unchanged my faithful flame;
Now cold, in dust, the beauteous object lies,
    And you, ye conscious scenes, are still the same!
WYNDHAM! 'tis not thy blood, though pure it runs
    Through a long line of glorious ancestry,
Percys and Seymours, Britain's boasted sons,
    Who trust the honours of their race to thee:
'Tis not thy splendid domes, where science loves
    To touch the canvass, and the bust to raise;
Thy rich domains, fair fields, and spreading groves;
    'Tis not all these the Muse delights to praise:
"DARK gathering clouds involve the threatening skies,
    The sea heaves conscious of the impending gloom,
Deep, hollow murmurs from the cliffs arise;
    They come--the Spirits of the Tempest come!
"Oh! may such terrors mark the approaching night
    As reign'd on that these streaming eyes deplore!
Flash, ye red fires of heaven, with fatal light,
    And with conflicting winds ye waters roar!
"Loud and more loud, ye foaming billows, burst!
    Ye warring elements, more fiercely rave!
Till the wide waves o'erwhelm the spot accurst
    'Where ruthless Avarice finds a quiet grave!' "
Thus with clasp'd hands, wild looks, and streaming hair,
    While shrieks of horror broke her trembling speech,
A wretched maid--the victim of despair,
    Survey'd the threatening storm and desert beech.
Then to the tomb where now the father slept
    Whose rugged nature bade her sorrows flow,
Frantic she turn'd--and beat her breast and wept,
    Invoking vengeance on the dust below.
"Lo! rising there above each humbler heap,
    Yon cypher'd stones his name and wealth relate,
Who gave his son--remorseless--to the deep,
    While I, his living victim, curse my fate.
"Oh, my lost love! no tomb is placed for thee,
    That may to strangers' eyes thy worth impart;
Thou hast no grave but in the stormy sea,
    And no memorial but this breaking heart.
"Forth to the world, a widow'd wanderer driven,
    I pour to winds and waves the unheeded tear,
Try with vain effort to submit to Heaven,
    And fruitless call on him--'who cannot hear.'
"Oh! might I fondly clasp him once again,
    While o'er my head the infuriate billows pour,
Forget in death this agonizing pain,
    And feel his father's cruelty no more!
"Part, raging waters! part, and show beneath,
    In your dread caves, his pale and mangled form;
Now, while the demons of despair and death
    Ride on the blast, and urge the howling storm:
"Lo! by the lightning's momentary blaze,
    I see him rise the whitening waves above,
No longer such as when in happier days
    He gave the enchanted hours--to me and love.
"Such, as when daring the enchafed sea,
    And courting dangerous toil, he often said
That every peril, one soft smile from me,
    One sigh of speechless tenderness o'erpaid.
"But dead, disfigured, while between the roar
    Of the loud waves his accents pierce mine ear,
And seem to say--Ah, wretch! delay no more,
    But come, unhappy mourner--meet me here.
"Yet, powerful Fancy, bid the phantom stay,
    Still let me hear him!--'Tis already past;
Along the waves his shadow glides away,
    I lose his voice amid the deafening blast.
"Ah, wild delusion, born of frantic pain!
    He hears not, comes not from his watery bed;
My tears, my anguish, my despair are vain,
    The insatiate ocean gives not up its dead.
" 'Tis not his voice! Hark! the deep thunders roll;
    Upheaves the ground; the rocky barriers fail;
Approach, ye horrors that delight my soul,
    Despair, and Death, and Desolation, hail!"
The Ocean hears--The embodied waters come--
    Rise o'er the land, and with resistless sweep
Tear from its base the proud aggressor's tomb,
    And bear the injured to eternal sleep.
DOES Pity give, though Fate denies,
    And to my wounds her balm impart?
O speak--with those expressive eyes!
    Let one low sigh escape thine heart.
The gazing crowd shall never guess
    What anxious, watchful Love can see;
Nor know what those soft looks express,
    Nor dream that sign is meant for me.
Ah! words are useless, words are vain,
    Thy generous sympathy to prove;
And well that sign, those looks explain,
    That Clara mourns my hapless love.
SWELLS then thy feeling heart, and streams thine eye
    O'er the deserted being, poor and old,
Whom cold, reluctant, parish charity
    Consigns to mingle with his kindred mould?
Mourn'st thou, that here the time-worn sufferer ends
    Those evil days still threatening woes to come;
Here, where the friendless feel no want of friends,
    Where even the houseless wanderer finds a home!
What though no kindred crowd in sable forth,
    And sigh, or seem to sigh, around his bier;
Though o'er his coffin with the humid earth
    No children drop the unavailing tear?
Rather rejoice that here his sorrows cease,
    Whom sickness, age, and poverty oppress'd;
Where death, the leveller, restores to peace
    The wretch who living knew not where to rest.
Rejoice, that though an outcast spurn'd by fate,
    Through penury's rugged path his race he ran;
In earth's cold bosom, equall'd with the great,
    Death vindicates the insulted rights of man.
Rejoice, that though severe his earthly doom,
    And rude, and sown with thorns the way he trod,
Now, (where unfeeling fortune cannot come)
    He rests upon the mercies of his God.
NOVEMBER'S chill blast on the rough beach is howling,
    The surge breaks afar, and then foams to the shore,
Dark clouds o'er the sea gather heavy and scowling,
    And the white cliffs re-echo the wild wintry roar.
Beneath that chalk rock, a fair stranger reclining,
    Has found on damp sea-weed a cold lonely seat;
Her eyes fill'd with tears, and her heart with repining,
    She starts at the billows that burst at her feet.
There, day after day, with an anxious heart heaving,
    She watches the waves where they mingle with air;
For the sail which, alas! all her fond hopes deceiving,
    May bring only tidings to add to her care.
Loose stream to wild winds those fair flowing tresses,
    Once woven with garlands of gay summer flowers;
Her dress unregarded, bespeaks her distresses,
    And beauty is blighted by grief's heavy hours.
Her innocent children, unconscious of sorrow,
    To seek the gloss'd shell, or the crimson weed stray;
Amused with the present, they heed not to-morrow,
    Nor think of the storm that is gathering to-day.
The gilt, fairy ship, with its ribbon sail spreading,
    They launch on the salt pool the tide left behind;
Ah! victims--for whom their sad mother is dreading
    The multiplied miseries that wait on mankind!
To fair fortune born, she beholds them with anguish,
    Now wanderers with her on a once hostile soil,
Perhaps doom'd for life in chill penury to languish,
    Or abject dependence, or soul-crushing toil.
But the sea-boat, her hopes and her terrors renewing,
    O'er the dim grey horizon now faintly appears;
She flies to the quay, dreading tidings of ruin,
    All breathless with haste, half expiring with fears.
Poor mourner!--I would that my fortune had left me
    The means to alleviate the woes I deplore;
But like thine my hard fate has of affluence bereft me,
     I can warm the cold heart of the wretched no more!
LIKE a poor ghost the night I seek;
    Its hollow winds repeat my sighs;
The cold dews mingle on my cheek
    With tears that wander from mine eyes.
The thorns that still my couch molest,
    Have robb'd these heavy eyes of sleep;
But though deprived of tranquil rest,
    I here at last am free to weep.
Twelve times the moon, that rises red
    O'er yon tall wood of shadowy pine,
Has fill'd her orb, since low was laid
    My Harriet! that sweet form of thine!
While each sad month, as slow it pass'd,
    Brought some new sorrow to deplore;
Some grief more poignant than the last,
    But thou canst calm those griefs no more.
No more thy friendship soothes to rest
    This wearied spirit tempest-toss'd;
The cares that weigh upon my breast
    Are doubly felt since thou art lost.
Bright visions of ideal grace
    That the young poet's dreams inflame,
Were not more lovely than thy face;
    Were not more perfect than thy frame.
Wit, that no sufferings could impair,
    Was thine, and thine those mental powers
Of force to chase the fiends that tear
    From Fancy's hands her budding flowers.
O'er what, my angel friend, thou wert,
    Dejected Memory loves to mourn;
Regretting still that tender heart,
    Now withering in a distant urn.
But ere that wood of shadowy pine
    Twelve times shall yon full orb behold,
This sickening heart, that bleeds for thine,
    My Harriet!--may like thine be cold!
GREEN o'er the copses spring's soft hues are spreading,
    High wave the reeds in the transparent floods,
The oak its sear and sallow foliage shedding,
    From their moss'd cradles start its infant buds.
Pale as the tranquil tide of summer's ocean,
    The willow now its slender leaf unveils;
And through the sky with swiftly fleeting motion,
    Driv'n by the wind, the rack of April sails.
Then, as the gust declines, the stealing showers
    Fall fresh and noiseless; while at closing day
The low sun gleams on moist and half-blown flowers,
    That promise garlands for approaching May.
Bless'd are yon peasant children, simply singing,
    Who through the new-sprung grass rejoicing rove;
More bless'd! to whom the time , fond thought is bringing,
    Of friends expected, or returning love.
The pensive wanderer bless'd, to whom reflection
    Points out some future views that soothe his mind;
Me how unlike!--whom cruel recollection
    But tells of comfort I shall never find!
Hope, that on Nature's youth is still attending,
    No more to me her syren song shall sing;
Never to me her influence extending,
    Shall I again enjoy the days of Spring!
Yet, how I loved them once these scenes remind me,
    When light of heart, in childhood's thoughtless mirth,
I reck'd not that the cruel lot assign'd me
    Should make me curse the hour that gave me birth!
Then, from thy wild-wood banks, Aruna! roving,
    Thy thymy downs with sportive steps I sought,
And Nature's charms, with artless transport loving,
    Sung, like the birds, unheeded and untaught.
But now the springtide's pleasant hours returning,
    Serve to awaken me to sharper pain;
Recalling scenes of agony and mourning,
    Of baffled hope and prayers preferr'd in vain.
Thus shone the sun, his vernal rays displaying,
    Thus did the woods in early verdure wave,
While dire disease on all I loved was preying,
    And flowers seem'd rising but to strew her grave.
Now, 'mid reviving blooms, I coldly languish,
    Spring seems devoid of joy to me alone;
Each sound of pleasure aggravates my anguish,
    And speaks of beauty, youth, and sweetness gone.
Yet, as stern duty bids, with faint endeavour
    I drag on life, contending with my woe,
Though conscious misery still repeats, that never
    My soul one pleasurable hour shall know.
Lost in the tomb, when Hope no more appeases
    The fester'd wounds that prompt the eternal sigh,
Grief, the most fatal of the heart's diseases,
    Soon teaches, whom it fastens on, to die.
The wretch undone, for pain alone existing,
    The abject dread of death shall sure subdue,
And far from his decisive hand resisting,
    Rejoice to bid a world like this, adieu.
  I thought of times when Pain might be thy guest,
  Lord of thy house and hospitality;
  And grief, uneasy Lover! never rest
  But when she sate within the touch of thee.
  Among all lovely things my Love had been;
  Had noted well the stars, all flowers that grew
  About her home; but she had never seen
  A Glow-worm, never one, and this I knew.
  While riding near her home one stormy night
  A single Glow-worm did I chance to espy;
  I gave a fervent welcome to the sight,
  And from my Horse I leapt; great joy had I.
  Upon a leaf the Glow-worm did I lay,
  To bear it with me through the stormy night:           
  And, as before, it shone without dismay;
  Albeit putting forth a fainter light.
  When to the Dwelling of my Love I came,
  I went into the Orchard quietly;
  And left the Glow-worm, blessing it by name,
  Laid safely by itself, beneath a Tree.
  The whole next day, I hoped, and hoped with fear;
  At night the Glow-worm shone beneath the Tree:
  I led my Lucy to the spot, "Look here!"
  Oh! joy it was for her, and joy for me!                
  I travell'd among unknown Men,
    In Lands beyond the Sea;
  Nor England! did I know till then
    What love I bore to thee.
  'Tis past, that melancholy dream!
    Nor will I quit thy shore
  A second time; for still I seem
    To love thee more and more.
  Among thy mountains did I feel
    The joy of my desire;                              
  And She I cherish'd turn'd her wheel
    Beside an English fire.
  Thy mornings shew'd--thy nights conceal'd
    The bowers where Lucy play'd;
  And thine is, too, the last green field
    Which Lucy's eyes survey'd!
  The Post-boy drove with fierce career,
  For threat'ning clouds the moon had drown'd;
  When suddenly I seem'd to hear
  A moan, a lamentable sound.
  As if the wind blew many ways
  I heard the sound, and more and more:
  It seem'd to follow with the Chaise,
  And still I heard it as before.
  At length I to the Boy call'd out,
  He stopp'd his horses at the word;                     
  But neither cry, nor voice, nor shout,
  Nor aught else like it could be heard.
  The Boy then smack'd his whip, and fast
  The horses scamper'd through the rain;
  And soon I heard upon the blast
  The voice, and bade him halt again.
  Said I, alighting on the ground,
  "What can it be, this piteous moan?"
  And there a little Girl I found,
  Sitting behind the Chaise, alone.                      
  "My Cloak!" the word was last and first,
  And loud and bitterly she wept,
  As if her very heart would burst;
  And down from off the Chaise she leapt.
  "What ails you, Child?" she sobb'd, "Look here!"
  I saw it in the wheel entangled,
  A weather beaten Rag as e'er
  From any garden scare-crow dangled.
  'Twas twisted betwixt nave and spoke;
  Her help she lent, and with good heed                  
  Together we released the Cloak;
  A wretched, wretched rag indeed!
  "And whither are you going, Child,
  To night along these lonesome ways?"
  "To Durham" answer'd she half wild--
  "Then come with me into the chaise."
  She sate like one past all relief;
  Sob after sob she forth did send
  In wretchedness, as if her grief
  Could never, never, have an end.                       
  "My Child, in Durham do you dwell?"
  She check'd herself in her distress,
  And said, "My name is Alice Fell;
  I'm fatherless and motherless."
  "And I to Durham, Sir, belong."
  And then, as if the thought would choke
  Her very heart, her grief grew strong;
  And all was for her tatter'd Cloak.
  The chaise drove on; our journey's end
  Was nigh; and, sitting by my side,                     
  As if she'd lost her only friend
  She wept, nor would be pacified.
  Up to the Tavern-door we post;
  Of Alice and her grief I told;
  And I gave money to the Host,
  To buy a new Cloak for the old.
  "And let it be of duffil grey,
  As warm a cloak as man can sell!"
  Proud Creature was she the next day,
  The little Orphan, Alice Fell!                         
   It is the first mild day of March:
   Each minute sweeter than before,
   The red-breast sings from the tall larch
   That stands beside our door.
   There is a blessing in the air,
   Which seems a sense of joy to yield
   To the bare trees, and mountains bare,
   And grass in the green field.
   My Sister! ('tis a wish of mine)
   Now that our morning meal is done,
   Make haste, your morning task resign;
   Come forth and feel the sun.
   Edward will come with you, and pray,
   Put on with speed your woodland dress,
   And bring no book, for this one day
   We'll give to idleness.
   No joyless forms shall regulate
   Our living Calendar:
   We from to-day, my friend, will date
   The opening of the year.
   Love, now an universal birth.
   From heart to heart is stealing,
   From earth to man, from man to earth,
   --It is the hour of feeling.
   One moment now may give us more
   Than fifty years of reason;
   Our minds shall drink at every pore
   The spirit of the season.
   Some silent laws our hearts may make,
   Which they shall long obey;
   We for the year to come may take
   Our temper from to-day.
   And from the blessed power that rolls
   About, below, above;
   We'll frame the measure of our souls,
   They shall be tuned to love.
   Then come, my sister! come, I pray,
   With speed put on your woodland dress,
   And bring no book; for this one day
   We'll give to idleness.
    I have a boy of five years old,
    His face is fair and fresh to see;
    His limbs are cast in beauty's mould,
    And dearly he loves me.
    One morn we stroll'd on our dry walk,
    Our quiet house all full in view,
    And held such intermitted talk
    As we are wont to do.
    My thoughts on former pleasures ran;
    I thought of Kilve's delightful shore,
    My pleasant home, when spring began,
    A long, long year before.
    A day it was when I could bear
    To think, and think, and think again;
    With so much happiness to spare,
    I could not feel a pain.
    My boy was by my side, so slim
    And graceful in his rustic dress!
    And oftentimes I talked to him,
    In very idleness.
   The young lambs ran a pretty race;
    The morning sun shone bright and warm;
    "Kilve," said I, "was a pleasant place,
    "And so is Liswyn farm.
    "My little boy, which like you more,"
    I said and took him by the arm--
    "Our home by Kilve's delightful shore,
    "Or here at Liswyn farm?"
    "And tell me, had you rather be,"
    I said and held him by the arm,
    "At Kilve's smooth shore by the green sea,
    "Or here at Liswyn farm?"
    In careless mood he looked at me,
    While still I held him by the arm,
    And said, "At Kilve I'd rather be
    "Than here at Liswyn farm."
    "Now, little Edward, say why so;
    My little Edward, tell me why;"
    "I cannot tell, I do not know,"
    "Why this is strange," said I.
    "For, here are woods and green-hills warm;
    "There surely must some reason be
    "Why you would change sweet Liswyn farm
    "For Kilve by the green sea."
    At this, my boy, so fair and slim,
    Hung down his head, nor made reply;
    And five times did I say to him,
    "Why? Edward, tell me why?"
    His head he raised--there was in sight,
    It caught his eye, he saw it plain--
    Upon the house-top, glittering bright,
    A broad and gilded vane.
    Then did the boy his tongue unlock,
    And thus to me he made reply;
    "At Kilve there was no weather-cock,
    "And that's the reason why."
    Oh dearest, dearest boy! my heart
    For better lore would seldom yearn,
    Could I but teach the hundredth part
    Of what from thee I learn.
    A simple child, dear brother Jim,
    That lightly draws its breath,
    And feels its life in every limb,
    What should it know of death?
    I met a little cottage girl,
    She was eight years old, she said;
    Her hair was thick with many a curl
    That cluster'd round her head.
    She had a rustic, woodland air,
    And she was wildly clad;
    Her eyes were fair, and very fair,
    --Her beauty made me glad.
    "Sisters and brothers, little maid,
    "How many may you be?"
    "How many? seven in all," she said,
    And wondering looked at me.
    "And where are they, I pray you tell?"
    She answered, "Seven are we,
    "And two of us at Conway dwell,
    "And two are gone to sea.
    "Two of us in the church-yard lie,
    "My sister and my brother,
    "And in the church-yard cottage, I
    "Dwell near them with my mother."
    "You say that two at Conway dwell,
    "And two are gone to sea,
    "Yet you are seven; I pray you tell
    "Sweet Maid, how this may be?"
    Then did the little Maid reply,
    "Seven boys and girls are we;
    "Two of us in the church-yard lie,
    "Beneath the church-yard tree."
    "You run about, my little maid,
    "Your limbs they are alive;
    "If two are in the church-yard laid,
    "Then ye are only five."
    "My stockings there I often knit,
    "My 'kerchief there I hem;
    "And there upon the ground I sit--
    "I sit and sing to them.
    "And often after sunset, Sir,
    "When it is light and fair,
    "I take my little porringer,
    "And eat my supper there.
    "The first that died was little Jane;
    "In bed she moaning lay,
    "Till God released her of her pain,
    "And then she went away.
    "So in the church-yard she was laid,
    "And all the summer dry,
    "Together round her grave we played,
    "My brother John and I.
    "And when the ground was white with snow,
    "And I could run and slide,
    "My brother John was forced to go,
    "And he lies by her side."
    "How many are you then," said I,
    "If they two are in Heaven?"
    The little Maiden did reply,
    "O Master! we are seven."
    I heard a thousand blended notes,
    While in a grove I sate reclined,
    In that sweet mood when pleasant thoughts
    Bring sad thoughts to the mind.
    To her fair works did nature link
    The human soul that through me ran;
    And much it griev'd my heart to think
    What man has made of man.
    Through primrose-tufts, in that sweet bower,
    The periwinkle trail'd its wreathes;
    And 'tis my faith that every flower
    Enjoys the air it breathes.
    The birds around me hopp'd and play'd:
    Their thoughts I cannot measure,
    But the least motion which they made,
    It seem'd a thrill of pleasure.
    The budding twigs spread out their fan,
    To catch the breezy air;
    And I must think, do all I can,
    That there was pleasure there.
    If I these thoughts may not prevent,
    If such be of my creed the plan,
    Have I not reason to lament
    What man has made of man?
    "Why William, on that old grey stone,
    "Thus for the length of half a day,
    "Why William, sit you thus alone,
    "And dream your time away?
    "Where are your books? that light bequeath'd
    "To beings else forlorn and blind!
    "Up! Up! and drink the spirit breath'd
    "From dead men to their kind.
    "You look round on your mother earth,
    "As if she for no purpose bore you;
    "As if you were her first-born birth,
    "And none had lived before you!"
    One morning thus, by Esthwaite lake,
    When life was sweet I knew not why,
    To me my good friend Matthew spake,
    And thus I made reply.
    "The eye it cannot chuse but see,
    "We cannot bid the ear be still;
    "Our bodies feel, where'er they be,
    "Against, or with our will.
    "Nor less I deem that there are powers,
    "Which of themselves our minds impress,
    "That we can feed this mind of ours,
    "In a wise passiveness.
    "Think you, mid all this mighty sum
    "Of things for ever speaking,
    "That nothing of itself will come,
    "But we must still be seeking?
    "--Then ask not wherefore, here, alone,
    "Conversing as I may,
    "I sit upon this old grey stone,
    "And dream my time away."
    Up! up! my friend, and clear your looks,
    Why all this toil and trouble?
    Up! up! my friend, and quit your books,
    Or surely you'll grow double.
    The sun above the mountain's head,
    A freshening lustre mellow,
    Through all the long green fields has spread,
    His first sweet evening yellow.
    Books! 'tis a dull and endless strife,
    Come, hear the woodland linnet,
    How sweet his music; on my life
    There's more of wisdom in it.
    And hark! how blithe the throstle sings!
    And he is no mean preacher;
    Come forth into the light of things,
    Let Nature be your teacher.
    She has a world of ready wealth,
    Our minds and hearts to bless--
    Spontaneous wisdom breathed by health,
    Truth breathed by chearfulness.
    One impulse from a vernal wood
    May teach you more of man;
    Of moral evil and of good,
    Than all the sages can.
    Sweet is the lore which nature brings;
    Our meddling intellect
    Misshapes the beauteous forms of things;
    --We murder to dissect.
    Enough of science and of art;
    Close up these barren leaves;
    Come forth, and bring with you a heart
    That watches and receives.
    The glory of evening was spread through the west;
      --On the slope of a mountain I stood;
    While the joy that precedes the calm season of rest
      Rang loud through the meadow and wood.
    "And must we then part from a dwelling so fair?"
      In the pain of my spirit I said,
    And with a deep sadness I turned, to repair
      To the cell where the convict is laid.
    The thick-ribbed walls that o'ershadow the gate
      Resound; and the dungeons unfold:
    I pause; and at length, through the glimmering grate,
      That outcast of pity behold.
    His black matted head on his shoulder is bent,
      And deep is the sigh of his breath,
    And with stedfast dejection his eyes are intent
      On the fetters that link him to death.
    'Tis sorrow enough on that visage to gaze.
      That body dismiss'd from his care;
    Yet my fancy has pierced to his heart, and pourtrays
      More terrible images there.
    His bones are consumed, and his life-blood is dried,
      With wishes the past to undo;
    And his crime, through the pains that o'erwhelm him, descried,
      Still blackens and grows on his view.
    When from the dark synod, or blood-reeking field,
      To his chamber the monarch is led,
    All soothers of sense their soft virtue shall yield,
      And quietness pillow his head.
    But if grief, self-consumed, in oblivion would doze,
      And conscience her tortures appease,
    'Mid tumult and uproar this man must repose;
      In the comfortless vault of disease.
    When his fetters at night have so press'd on his limbs,
      That the weight can no longer be borne,
    If, while a half-slumber his memory bedims,
      The wretch on his pallet should turn,
    While the jail-mastiff howls at the dull clanking chain,
      From the roots of his hair there shall start
    A thousand sharp punctures of cold-sweating pain,
      And terror shall leap at his heart.
    But now he half-raises his deep-sunken eye,
      And the motion unsettles a tear;
    The silence of sorrow it seems to supply,
      And asks of me why I am here.
    "Poor victim! no idle intruder has stood
      "With o'erweening complacence our state to compare,
    "But one, whose first wish is the wish to be good,
      "Is come as a brother thy sorrows to share.
    "At thy name though compassion her nature resign,
      "Though in virtue's proud mouth thy report be a stain,
    "My care, if the arm of the mighty were mine,
      "Would plant thee where yet thou might'st blossom again."
AUTHOR Thomas Wyatt
More than too much I am assured
Of thine intent, whereto to trust;
A speedless proof I have endured,
And now I leave it to them that lust. 
