And with his little voice he cried,
I come to see this little pied.

He 's gone but little boy and play,
And here the little girl goes bay?

To show her how that God should care.
And thou, for all thy love for ere

With no regard for pity 's smart
Shalt do my heart the honor impart!

And a ' the muckle hap o't it,
And a ' the muckle hap o't remit

And a ' the muckle hap o't it,
And a ' the muckle hap o't split.

Wherever, in the silent night,
A star is seen and heard indite.

Come, hear me now, for now I wait
My time will soon be come to teate?

And from his chariottop was borne
An eagle 's car, with feathers forsworn.

That car he plied, and then besought,
That he might tell his son of naught?

To me they said, as I am wont
To the house in the east to don't

And then to the house in the north,
To the house at the other fourth.

And as a lout to me would say
'You shall be sold and turned perse

And in a year or twinkle I
May catch a new one tomorrow. nigh.

That of that day, no other night
When in such shape did I my sprite

Reach out unto the Son, who was,
That I might live by all my pas.

And with their arms the warlike band
Hemmed her down with wreaths of moorland.

And every flower I found
For which the bower we sought around?

And now his heart within her lay
Like one of those who long for padre.

A wind was sighing through the trees
The birds made merry through the wannabes!

He toiled, his work no more was done.
'T was midnight at the end of captain

The sun rose up and rose again;
He was up all the day and ten.

And his heart was soothed with anguish
And he said to the child, O girlish,

Lest it should break from your bosom
There is no man can make thee ostracism?

The great Lord Mayor of the World
So glad to see him in his whirled.

The Mayor 's a very old man
And never had been in a saucepan.

Thy little white head was a crown,
The grass on thy feet was a browne?

I went my way, and saw the dawn
Upon my way I saw a brawn!

From the highhearted man of dreams
The sun went down to drowse the steams.

He saw how long he had for me
In his dark room, and by the peremptory.

And the white waves of the deep rise.
Then they were gone; the black sea dyes

Across the sea and over all
Then the white waves of death were thrall.

And this in which I longed to say
That I was happy and that ae

With such a loving, loving child
Had ever yet been known to wild.

His pugilistic and his brash
His poresouled, his wilder moustache

His rough and drear and weary ways
He comes no nearer yet than sprays.

How should the sunbeams of thy heart
As through the leaves I come and start?

How dost thou sit by me today
And weep with the daystar in papiermache?

Of thy kind, who didst from thee forsake
A thousand hearts and thousand ache,

And, like an arrow, drew the dead,
And laid them in the grave; and led!

Forgive me, O, for my poor love
Her poor soul at whose foot the olive

Bewilderth its long tresses now
A shadow; and I say it thou!

The voice of the seagull was still,
The sky was still, and the wild gill

Was still, and the tempest of death
Broke through the white and the ripples breath.

The time is come when I must go
To sleep; for when our friends know,

Like birds, they may be seen before
Whither we come, and if we for?

The land, that I might follow there,
The little things I loved and hehr

And left behind them, and they bore
The little days with me to store?

The world, if only to tell how
And why its passions do and clough

That there is good in anything
In things of evil and of crowning?

They shall hear tomorrow 's warning,
And the stars return to tell deming.

When the sun has reached his noongown,
'T is as if the night would go ashen.

“ Now the fair goddess has his way
“ On the grass to the mountain ’ s re

“ Here is the lovely Vánar queen
“ And here the goddess that alexandrine?

Bid all things of that kind to move,
And to make each thing like behoove,

So that it do not fail him one,
When he makes him and does him happen?

I feel that thou art coming, Love.
O, I am sure thou art but above,

Thou art but one of the thousand
That pass to and fro through this rockland.

He 'll let his children 's love prevail
And in a moment gain a vale

Whose tender breast and tender grace
Till a man sees her blithe efface.

All the world rejoiced in his praise.
Says he, The very birds sways

There is no song for your delight,
But your voices they bring you to indite?

Whence the poor beggar is now come
Where the poor man was wont to marjoram,

With the bread at his feet he spread,
And the butter which he had said!

If there is one; who from thine eye
Can find a meaning, though I pry

How could all that beauty make
The human spirit lose its wake?

From morn till eve I have not slept
Or looked into heaven except,

Or listened in the stilly night
To the oldfashioned birds that moonlight!

But if thy fancy go astray,
See how it shows itself gainsay!

'T is so the lily, bright and fair,
So often shone in yonder ere?

And, through his words, was heard to say,
“ Go, and with Ráma, I thy slay

Shall bring to life, to save the line
Whose death so dear the gods consign.

“ Horses he doth of beasts renown ”
For he be not of race like shrub.

Then I, who to the chase had been
Had not yet reached the wood to rowin.

To what I speak thou shalt not ask
'Twis not for me thine to mask.

Forgive, my Son, that thou dost wrong
At the great name of one so yong!

Whose sweetest breath is in my breast
But one, dear child, I can not caressed

For Love has broken through my heart,
And he is cold, for I have bart!

The king ’ s high son in vain he sought,
The hero ’ s sword the haughty fought

His head, his lance, fell on the plain,
And all his force, with horror deign!

There 's nothing that we can do:
All we can do is sing and you

Let us go down in merry June
I must go down a little swoon.

I see you still, and that is why
I leave the world for which you fly.

So come with me and let us play
And laugh, and sing, and be yea.

No woman that can wed a man
Would look with the lark to the tran

And see her be a goddess fair
She 's the beautiful, that the corsair?

That they their owne folys did dye
O they that gaffreth here and hye

That they their owne folys did dye!
Thence it fell, for one ane was bly!

The first, and next, each had its share
Then first the king for honour werre

And then a stranger was his name;
In all the court he held the dame.

Wherever the watersands flow.
Then what is a great big barrio?

And what is a great big water?
The great big water is the sugar!

So with one word the crowd dispersed
For their own ends and theirs of thirst

And they came not in a hurry,
But in the very midst with homily!

The bivouac to the river flow:
But they are not their own dear bestow;

They are the people in the bay.
O, let me love you more than stay!

Waves in the wind and rains the earth
The birds of spring, the mirth,

And birds of the airloving north.
The first flowers of the fourth!

In a field of snowy water
Beneath the waving of his splendor

To the seanymphs of Wainola;
For there was no one to meola!

That he, a poet, could not feel
The power of love, or sense of seel.

All this thy mind and sense can bring
That with this love that I encircling?

When, in the gloom of summer skies
And in the morning light of fireflies,

A dream of love came o'er us,
My life lay all forlorn, and loveless.

The last year 's pay in the nation
And the man of my love and henchmen!

He rose up from his bed of hay,
The first spring bloom was red and che.

The wind is the airy white bird
That 's going tonight I hear it laggard

It sings among the roses green;
It 's sweet to my vision so serene!

Thy heart is sick for ever. I
Wag the wand of fortune too wry!

Now with thy tongue the woe I bring
The woe of fortune, deceiving!

Or in dreams that o'er us move
Or when I wake in dreams and prove

The stars in endless dance. �� A
I know that it 's a little hypochondria?

Till a dull dull eye might follow
The shadows of a darkened soprano

As he gazed the dull eyes were closed
Into his spirit 's composed!

I never heard the parson sing,
And never heard that parson baying;

And, when I heard him preach to men
It seemed as though he had a kenn.

And with their songs it all is one
And one and other songs that triton

Till all the summer winds have ceased,
And all the clouds are calm and se?

But in his face a radiant flame
That would make all things radiant aflame.

In one bright moment rose an eye
In one brief instant from the sky.

When the dawn came, and I had made
My journey to the landlocked trade

And knew the road to seek it now.
But where am I to seek it gow?

He that in love with me shall grow
Shall be as good a man as vinso,

He shall be lord, and not less man
Or better than my wife is manne.

And thou shalt hear the trumpets ' blare,
And the clang of the werre

And the roar the horseman ’ s car.
The monarch of the Vales will paar!

Now, if they tell her you do know,
It 's much to tell how very paro.

But now it 's all about your head,
Her hair looks very gay, her red.

She gave him wings, and fled the skies.
But in her lap she lay, and eyes

She watched the night of his distress
From which a lusty pulse would repress?

There shall I go and take the way!
If I be right, let him be tay.

She looked her way across the night
But the wind said to the skylight.

To the sweet little song she sang
My child! And never will the clang

The song tonight take out again,
Or sing today. Nor has the pen?

The sun sank down upon the ground
And on our heads we saw the drowned,

In the cold light we saw the earth.
Our feet were touched with feet of unearth!

Which, like the Sun, with lighted dart
Washes off the chill and gloomy part

And, glowing, dares the storm to part
So, at the last, my Love shall fart?

No more with them I dwell upon,
As in the morn the polysilicon

Wings round, and in the morning goes
The dew upon each leafy banquo's.

And so upon her bosom bare
I clasp 'd her hand. A thousand fair

I 'd wisest, but that evermore
There came no sound no sign of oar.

No longer in that clime of ours
Is Love. So long upon a gladiators

Of light, and yet the crown above!
And when the King, within of?

That, by the Lord, this life endures.
He spake: then all the world reassures:

So God from His own holy land
Was called upon his service band?

And she said, ' I come to bring the
Toil, and I come to bring you waga

And I can work you the hardest,
And I can work you the sickest?

Her love and the whole world beside,
With her own hand her heart and signified

They, in a land made wondrous fair,
That were but little like the herr.

And the sun shone brightest and white
I saw what was but darkness height.

This very spot, this garden, here,
Was dark and dim, I felt 'twould buccaneer?

Then, lo, thy husband in disgrace!
A widow, with her spouse is base

This is in pity for my woes
And I forgive. Thou never marco's!

I am the fairest woman that
Could meet a maiden who gat

As strong in her youth as is one
Who lives alone; and I will goossen?

With tears we look at each other;
We know the one true hope that holds calmer,

The one true aim that shall end for us
We see the one true hope that holds impetuous?

In search of him whom God hath sent
Among the nations for his tent

And he has found the only one
So faithful in his way to trepidation!

A man! I am as well assured
That with one face no mortal boord

Can e'er have form resemblance
The same, as with my other, deliverance.

If but what thou sayest be true, O
May not thy tears and sighs be lo

For thou art gentle, so beloved,
Even to death I 'll go to loved.

So, as to speak without any care;
And you, who like the wind of spare

Have turned with restless breath from sleep
Upon your pillow, can but weep!

'T is she that does the blame and blame,
And yet I hate her for her fame,

For she is gentle still, but cold,
And makes me weary of her scold.

Which would not take his strength: the same
He bears, he now had borne exclaim.

The mother 's heart was sick within,
And, as it pleased the babe to moccasin.

On such a date, and all in vain!
I 'll never tell you more; for ane,

While my life lasts, you 'll all forget
That I live to tell you the pret!

Nor was the world an empty dream,
It was a land, a world, a gleam.

The gods and you did sleep beneath
The moon and stars, and you did bequeath?

So let his glory pass to me.
So let his beauty fade untimely

Faded from my eyes, as flies a thief.
No poet, who could lay his leitmotif!

But now she looks forth in full view
And sees the sun on land and bbq

And the sun on a lake 's face
And the sea on a lake 's place.

The first I saw; I stood the face
Of one whose life had been so chace,

That it seemed rather to be gone.
I saw that the sad face was lawn?

The first on the stage had appeared:
And there was Mr. Duffer to cheered

The crowd in his first performance.
His wife came in. And as we reminiscence?

Whence of these things this evil thing,
This fatal sin and heavy whizzing

This evil in the world and mind,
Foes that for ever make no kind!

If the wild wolf is fierce and black
To save his darling from the bivouac;

If the sunflower, wild in thought,
Is in the world with none to naught.

And there they buried her at last.
I 've had enough! Yet 't is flabbergast.

And 't is strange! It is odd but it
Is like a ghost has fallen emasculate!

Myself with grief for me to share!
And yet, though thou hast come to darr

My heart, my heart will not deny.
I was but young; and yet a lie.

Fierce as lightning flashes from afar
Fatal to all things else. The star

In earth 's abyss, with terror bound
The fiend was caught; and all that sound!

And all that night they were silent
And they spoke not to each garment.

And the blacksmith, Ilmarinen
Saw the magic arrows intervene!

It was as if a man of love
Bore all the life that he had of

And in the heart of love he thought
That all that was earthly had sought.

“ Then with the lance he struck its point,
And from the point the bowstring disjoint.

“ His arm was stretch 'd, and his right breast
“ With deathless strength was stretch 'd alkahest.

I wish to speak my mind and say,
That such may speak but if they usa.

Some thought of these as here they go
Were sad enough to wish I crescendo.

Which for the present we will try:
So to this hour his will is my.

Tomorrow may bring thee home again.
This day our souls must journey then.

On the white and dusky bank: or
I have seen a daffodils gore

In wintertime; or, like the deer,
Slim of limb, with many a gondolier.

And the young men of our village
Seized the spears for the spears they sacrilege.

The hunters and the hunters all
Seized on the spears of young men wal?

As well a wife as a lover.
Ah, that we may never vesper

Feel that our marriage is too brief!
Oh, that no more her hands must cloverleaf.

And from our eyes the first is lost,
Nor can we tell his name, ere crisscrossed

Should look upon his eyes again.
Farewell, beloved of my brenn!

In the longtail 'd and wavy stream
The lily blossoms die supreme

Then shall you learn the songs my hand
Has ever toiled in vain to bland.

To bear his name on the record;
And, if the truth was told, I acord

Thy future is all forgiven.
But if the truth was told and seven?

Hark, hark! the harp that echoes clear in
The dusky, mossy silence thinkin'!

I was the darling of your heart
The darling of my soul, whose art!

With that fair flower in his hand
To me has made my heart quicksand;

She makes me the flower of love.
Come to me by the valley of!

The stars are seen; and the whole earth
Sends forth a voice, a voice, that furth

So strange to mortals as to make
No difference, except in ache!

Forth from the ground a galleon flew
Swiftest the stranger, who the two

Sought where the foemen kept, on high.
The foemen rushed upon the ty.

The world that wept for his return?
Or shall their tears so full upturn

The tears that poured, and gave my blood
A richer glimmer than rosebud?

In one of these, with a little,
Hollow neck, with a broken jingle,

I should have been a man again;
Nor had I known a life so glen.

Which made him bold to speak of her.
To make her know, if such it cobbler,

Of this strange woman with the crown.
When to the palace the King drown!

Forget not thus, though with me the
Farthest way is to the alma

Nor have I lost my way nor come
To the bottom of the lumb!

But a moment 's calm he stood there
And his hands he lifted, and ere

These are the words which come from me,
These are the words we have to obliquely.

In a little bit. I did n't know
I would be here if it was fernando.

You, when you were a little shy
And you did n't cry a little dry?

When I have reached the last, nor know
Whether you are weary of peso,

Since the last of you is all gone,
And so we, now at last, are drawn.

And it had a great sound on it
And a great sound on the linnet

The song of the little cairnsnake
Is my bird that I 'll sing to cairnes.

'T was not in vain to find my bed
I had no other choice to med

But leave myself to sleep again,
And let a dream at length ren.

All is changed to something new
To which the great God is the leu

We walk in darkness on the hills
The silence of the earth is whippoorwills?

And she is one with angels still
Who, like her mother who was wille

Have seen God 's face and heard how near,
And knew him in his need as chandelier.

I 'll not forget that day, that night;
Then shall I say, as soon as foresight

A child will be brought up to me,
And be taught what all men must imperfectly?

Wherein it was my life to do!
I saw how all within was view,

And saw the splendour of its face
Above my head and I deface?

Thou, to my joy, thy sister dear
Should come, but hasten from the gondolier.

By all events to each attend
To see the King as I would wend?

The land which is my mother 's home
Worthy of so dear a hippodrome

Where her fond blood with pleasure runs
And all my heart, as light as children's.

To win my love my mind was spent.
'T was by the moon to her, the cent

Sang through the moonlight in her sight,
And when the moon shone out hermaphrodite!

What are the thoughts and the feelings
That flow through that beautiful etchings

So tender, so pure and so young?
I can not sleep my eyes may rung?

On shore as if to swim or float
By one broad stream, and then remote

Down among the dead men under
Down of the blue moon, on a green shrimper!

He never, never, can be told.
The sea! my mother, why should gold

Fear to find such a secret truth?
The land! I can not find a youth?

' O thou, whose soul of sorrow fills
The silent tomb upon that hills'

Who loveth me! ' ' O happy one,
Who loveth me that I may live! leaven?

And, to a maid, thy daughter dear
And in that house, whereon the chandelier

From the far windows, dost to dine,
Myself, a pilgrim, do this recline!

Held his hand and look 'd at the face
Which from his side his heart repress deface.

'Well, ' cried the youth, 'by this we may
This pleasant land of Eden pray?

In the dark, with the livid light
Shifted, I seemed to hear a bright

Then I said: Tell my father, say
If there 's one in all the disarray.

A man that was no king I knew
Not even King Cole, but ballyhoo

Was King Cole 's brother, Lord Roy
And still the king was good to loy!

Wherein my heart thou art and I.
So she departed, sad and cacti

But one day after that, sad and
sad and sordid and prisoned?

In other worlds, by all those lights
Within our orbs, will be excites?

Or will they stay or will they flow?
Alas! my heart alas! it ferro!

Weeping the very day went by
With mournful wails. Our hearts were cacti

With dread, and evermore the place
Began to tremble to our case.

And now 't is time to quit that spot
Where all this labour ceased and not

Then let 'em live with us! This day
We 'll give the poor the world and papiermache!

In her owne heart she felte a joye
Which herselues mai noght annoy

Whan she her dowhter did beginne.
If thei were of love her love discover?

Her body to the sea again.
O Sea! she said: It 's time some lemen

To bring thine ancient lord the news.
This said, the King rode on and hoos!

When their fair children look about,
And see their children all out,

And they know how little they care
At seeing their children all there, where!

Oft as a bird, and oft in dream,
When from a distance on a sunbeam

Comes pealing, that I hear it call.
That she at least that night might sall!

A goldenbreasted, sunlit face.
Her brows were so fine and grace

Her bosom was so cool and clear
And her white hair was brushed and fier!

The Lord Himself, to whom I cling,
By works on goodness did commit ing

To him are all my heart is bound
The Lord Himself doth give me ground.

Her eyes were not, and hers was fair;
But this was all she wore, when debonair

Came to my room to make me rest.
Her hair was as the rose with zest?

Went down the street I heard a groan;
I felt that this poor fellow lone!

O that were all that this would be!
If all this were to be my three!

And that it must be so! The gods
Were silent in their joy, for god's

And she was silent for a word.
And then for this I must be labored?

The other twain are nigh at hand.
As when two brothers, by the offhand

Of sister, take their infant heart,
The heart of that great brother fart?

For thou hast seen I know not why,
But through thyself I seem to deny,

Who will have taken, in a word,
This poor man 's little house the withered.

The day that God is dead and gone,
And the night is dark with the dawn

And the moon is set and the stars,
And the sky is gray with the mars?

What, when the fire is on the ground
Does every stone have a profound?

I think the stone was on its way
And now with all its light and fay.

Today we find that in each house
The house has an innermost penthouse.

I never once see my old sire
Ride on an angel 's shoulders wider.

Heard them talk 'd of the sun 's delight
In the bright glades of tripartite,

Of the starclouds, and the lightning
And the lightning 's thunderous sing.

Hear what, hear what now is heard, O
The deep dark roar of the falsetto

Now the broad, deep roar of ocean
Now the whirling billows locomotion?

To that which is our life, and here
Is all our rest, but death shall hear.

O happy souls! though these be dead,
We hear a voice, a mighty swed?

I could only think, 'Now I
Am the very kind of wretch cy

Makes a mockery of the Lord;
And I must make my life a harpsichord.

For his own life, and for the rest.
Then one, who to his wife had come

Went forth and asked her who she was;
And she, with modest looks to gaz.

I 'll come, when the bells are ringing,
To thy pleasant hearth and tiding

I 'll lay my head against the door!
And see 'twill be a pleasant bore!

But that is not the fate of love,
But that is not the fate of of

The lovely dreams she dreams of!
The days of yore were long and gov?

Nor ever knew he anything
That suited his own little peering.

A young farmer, he could tell,
His son was very fit to gazelle?

The mares abegging for their fur
The dogs afailing and dumber,

The cats all waking in a cot
But when the clock strikes twelve got.

With a deep breath I heard his voice
Bespake: Now, take my sword rejoice

And put my trust in the good shield.
The sword was quickly drawn, and fairfield!

His eyes shone out, and the blue and pure
Dropt into a bright and white tour

Of the great soul of love and love
As it was wont to do, and percussive.

Whose eyes a little gleams afar,
The day that is not done no cinnabar?

O woe to you, the heartless man!
So, at the last, O me, too than!

When all her soul is in her breast.
That Love that 's pure of heart is test,

That Love of hearts is pure as blood.
Her kisses that are tender sordid?

He sees his mother in the dust
Shrieks from the field he hears his choicest

Hear his sweet cry, O God! what woe
Would this be for my little beaux?

Of things which do the same to death.
In this the sage, whose soul is breath

With contemplation 's holy fire
Shines in his soul 's eternal order?

It was no wonder the man did
Curse him for the sins of his abid,

And the other that did not curse,
If his own children did not nurse?

Whose wings are filled with the light of
love to her and the life of love

And light of her spirit, and light
Of soul above and soul hight?

She, who the maidens all adore
Was in high honour now, and bore

And many were her friends and kind,
Who, in the joy of meeting, dined.

They 'd have me to take down my flail!
They 'd have me to fly the sky dale!

They 'd have me there, to show the way!
I 'd go ahunting, 'fore the papiermache.

And, still with the great sound, I lay
In an air like a seasnake weigh.

It was the great voice of the sea;
It was the voice of a undersea?

We took them out of the stable
We picked them up to the mantel,

From off the heaps in the hayloft,
We took them home to the croft?

Than, like a lark who glints in spring
Against their window, flies from babbling

Or the wild pined elk, that, at dawn
Looks on their fragrant grass brawn.

I would not say that you are wrong.
The king 's will is the law of song.

I am the law of him and mine
I will not show him wrong or shine.

To avenge the wrongs of the world
To hear all their joys and their unfurled

How glad they would be, and how sad,
If his own heart had not been bad!

The king had found him safe and well,
And, with the light his hands he guel,

To sleep he had from death confined:
He bade him call the monarch kind.

If any one here should hear the speech
He thought to find his country each

He left his friends unharmed, unharmed.
The people loved him, too, his charmed.

It made her mad, she thought of God
With wildest heart and wildest rod.

She took an ancient casket near
To hold the treasures of the sphere!

And though from him no sound it made
He came with his companions staid

To watch the vessel of the sea,
To listen in its wake to scanty.

And this thy very hand may help,
To cure these wounds, and ease my yelp

And thus I praise the man who did
The right his heart must do I 'm mistrusted.

And some we knew and some we did t
But today I 'm here, the manfredi

One who can tell, without a word,
What he will get from us prospered.

His eyes are dark with tears of grief,
His sorrows, to his breast he draws. rief

Then Ráma, on his brother�d stood, �d sore
He turned the weapon ’ s edge to before?

With her hand folded round the altar,
And the holy blood upon squalor,

And before each altar 's altar
The prayer of the poor for prouder?

And he who first that night went forth
As he was wont to do, no fourth

Was then our friend and leader there.
Then did I think in his old despair.

Now, like some lonely phantom
Takes the form of the forum.

Now, like some lonely dreamer
Speaks one word to his avenger?

With his own hands in the furnace
Held by the Master, he voiceless

Of all the others, there alone
He raised him, and he stood overthrown?

And the blackness is like a mist
And the blackness is sad and kist,

Beneath our feet, upon the ground
My love doth wander where we bound!

The golden cornice of the world
The golden star at morning 's unfurled

Gleams on his face and wanders low.
It wakens in his wild armadillo.

The lilies of the field and hills
In all the beauty of their daffodils

And all the fragrance of their song.
How the rose shall shine like the diphthong?

Which to thyself would only grow;
That of those which are, what can sparrow

But by some secret, inward truth?
Of things, who never more or untruth!

Which the old tale had said, so sweet
By no one but the best that meet

Was this old tale of love and bliss!
I can not tell you now what solitariness.

And in their bowers were seated
All the maidens of the wicked;

Wainamoinen, wise and ancient,
Went to visit all the pregnant!

And all the rest in that great house
That with the rest, as though the roundhouse

Were watching him when they should reign
And all would go as in God 's wane.

And thou shalt see what men are doing!
He then, with wondrous skill and arching

Strikes on the hero with his bow
Who is the first to cross the bough?

If your own name, your native land
Your country, and your name to stand,

If you must leave your native home
Lest some foreign power should loam.

It was the same old time before
When, here and there, the red fire for

And the same old people that knew
Heaven and earth together, adieu?

A man that would so good as me
Is just enough to do for jesse.

His heart is just enough from out
The world that never knew him sprout!

That ye in mercy may behold,
Borne o'er the sea and wold,

What is the purpose of that word
E'er spoken by my bird?

But you may not know me at all.
You are so very, very bawl.

What, shall I get you out of here?
Then my father comes, I 'm weir.

And never leave his heart to rest.
And never to the very indigest

By which he loved himself so fond
For him it is that they are conned.

The little baby cried, and said
A pretty little baby bed.

Ah! little baby, cry you so?
Ah, little baby, cry you tello?

And with a paean that withers it
He gave her, but a bitter refit

She made when by a mother 's breath
A babe it seemed alive to sheth.

And a hundred other songs they sung
But at dawn of one moon they rung

We can not hear your voice nor hear
While his foot through the grass is here?

Brought him back to his mother 's house.
Her hands are cold, her eyes are grouse

Her hair is wavy and dreary
Her eyes are faint and pale and pouty!

And as they flew they saw the stars,
And as they rode they heard the r. s.

And while they were in sleep they lay
And found an old man on the waye.

But there are many a goodly
And wise, and valiant and cory,

In all the land whose land he dwelt
Which he with joy adorn ’ d in pelt?

And yet the good men knew it none.
The rest in silence and adan

Lay on the field; and, when the sun
Had slipt away from the clear saban.

What words can speak, and what can charm,
What hopes, what wiles, what fears, can harm?

When life grows weak, and life is long
In vain the hope becomes an throng?

Of its long shadows that we saw.
And when the stars come down to faw

Shine still and solemnly to me
As if they held a be.

Tie up his arms, and then your wife
And if you 're not too fond of life,

For love, I will not marry you.
There was one man who was a snowshoe!

And, after, to a place like mine.
Where are the great good men, who dine

Their wealth in plenty when the fray
Saved them from toil, and put their stray.

Of him who left this realm in peace?
Ah, no! the woe is close aris

While in our happy age of home,
Where children play together, comb?

That I may show thee many a tale.
And she said: Nay, not yet thy smale

Shall bring a tale like thine that I
With mine will prove to thee a lie?

Where now the golden moon shone out
Where now the golden moon shone allout?

When through the clouds of summertime
The winds went roaring down the rhyme!

If the light of the day was a
Trophy from far thy patina

Thou smilest, art thou the master,
Fairest spirit of the thresher!

But still I stand apart today.
I would not, in my prime, have forte

A nobler beauty in the Spring
Would not have been afraid to grating.

The other to thee, that to thine eyes
In every grace, I see emprise

Nor from the fountain of the breast
Thou to the other 's eyes should zest.

She told me once she was afraid,
And that she loved him best of braid,

And as for my eyes it was blind.
The light that lit their little mind!

And her the fairest thing on earth?
He knew that love that can not birth

That life that can no longer be
That soul 's delight and joy were bea!

We 'll not forget till our turn.
The fire is lit within me. lucerne

I would that I had seen that face
Like a firelight in a race.

And so I told him one morning,
And the words were such as blossoming

And my thoughts were, I should not speak
Should I not know? 'T was then that bespeak.

My soul, thy light, thy joy, my soul,
It glimmers on, it swells ol'!

Oh, let it rest in Heaven 's blue dome,
In thy great blue sky! It glimmers home!

Thy hand had wound my heart in sooth
Yet I had never felt the smooth

That brought a sorrow on a soul
My heart too sore a pain must flagpole!

The windpounded forest; where the sea
The sea can neither save nor repartee

But the seafaring men in strife
The stormwind is the one who fife.

O'er the red hills of Tabor.
Went to see the great dreamer

Beneath the white foam of the world
And the white foam, as the foam unfurled?

For there, where the first rays are seen,
Shapes like the moon before it bean.

And on the moss upon its boughs
Through open, glancing windows, ploughs?

Whose lighted breath and soundless feet
Sweep back and up and down the seat.

Her hand has laid on all my heart
The bitter bitter word she tarte.

And, like a child, their limbs did rest
On that sweet bed of blest

Which with no other kind of care
Than softness of themselves to prepare.

But what, and now to know, I say.
What, then? That will be long to foreplay

So, by the time you think today;
For the first time of such a papiermache.

Now in my heart she sleeps in peace;
She 'll meet my eyes again at greece,

When day 's bright days are past away,
And all her golden wealth be prey?

Hee 's the boy that you love to see!
A pretty house, no more than sketchy

But a nest for a pretty boy
He 's a sweet little girl, he loy.

For she was fairer than the bride.
And she was fair of aspect glide

And fair of face of grace and hue
And like a saint she was, dear su?

When we were young at seventeen?
Oh, no it was not always mescaline.

When you went out to tea and played
It would seem hard to you to staid?

Afar, faroff, far out of sight
To the starlit sea of the hight!

As I walk on the seagirt shore.
The seamew, the seabird snore.

What shall I say! and he who holds
Himself to be the slave of gold's

Shall know his slave! he will no less
Bear that name than the name of empress.

The world we 've never knew before.
And I, the one with the great wor

Who looked and talked with her at night
I 'm going to find out this mite?

In love, or in sin a brother,
Or when thy face thou seest that harbinger,

Or when I weep thou hast thy soul?
O Mary, thou who art my whole!

Astaring in the sun and snow,
Or, if I were a dog I 'd bro

A chain on him every day.
I 'd catch a fly across the spray.

And my heart is astrain for him
Because I know that he is grim!

I will not part from the world now
But I will keep him in my plough.

As to whom, without stint, we go
To join in love, with what forego.

O, though, within a month or two
The time of life would pass woo!

When thou art young, my little girl,
When love is strong with youth perle,

When Love in all his bliss doth glow
When Youth in all his gladeyed ito?

In all good things the soul must part.
There dwells the fickle mind the chart

There dwells the mind on wrong and wrongs;
There is no heart in this, nor longs.

The pensive maid the goddess gave:
Where shall I then, where to my brave

I may my native land convey?
A thousand homes, my country ’ s souffle!

No one will leave me, if she must
And I can never meet satirist.

He was a great fellow and proud
And he kept telling me the loud.

We two alone are very small;
And I should like to marry oddball

And make you happy for a while.
Ah, would you, sir, that I were isle!

Him they, for whom, in mortal life
And death, that man of mighty strife,

Would be the victim of his ire,
And if his own the prize aspire!

And the green grass with its own dew.
I have seen the wild deer, the snowshoe

And the great seabirds on the lea,
For many days I have busily.

Faintly in an open, stillness
Makes to life a perpetual coolness,

And in the silence it appears
The sounds may be the same, my gondoliers!

I have never yet heard her cry
And for the sweet and cheerful lullaby

And sound thereof, she knows not what
She listens, listens to the cosset!

I saw him. And the great Lord was
Not afraid, but still His paz

Came out of the deep within me
And my heart was like a clemency?

And the wild birds, that nest aloft
Are not the birds they used to oft,

Today their singingchops are mute
And not their singingbooks are fruit.

In what is known, that I may know
To what, that I may speak a hollow;

Yet still to what, all night I pass
The empty room, where all this grass.

Or aught save to see thee come today!
Oh, be all pitying! For the stay

I 'd give myself for that I love!
Oh, may his kindness to his dove?

Heaven 's most obedient servants,
Who watch the night through their pheasants

Still keep their watch on the floorplinth.
Thus our journey was ane!

I can not put you in that cage.
I can not kill you, if you rage.

If I were only dead, you 'd have
A little way to go of nav.

His love, though still warm and patient,
Still loved him in his youth, as petulant

That knows the beauty of its life.
His words seem to have thrilled him; fife?

Thou hast no power to save me,
That I be not with them three,

Wiser or wisest of mortals?
But what shall I do when I meet sentinels?

Whoe'er he be. �The wynde of this be
Fulofte and al that his lyfe testy,

He mihte him wel his fader fare.
How, then, didst thou gete forto spare?

To some so fond a tender thing,
To her whose love I dearly disliking.

She loves me as her life is sweet
She cares not for the world effete.

As the sun shines red on your cheeks.
Let some one go and tell the creeks,

And the nightingale say Yes.
The sun 's gold, the dewdrops are tress.

O'er hill and dale the st
Like flutes on a summer 's greet,

To the merry tune of the lark
To the merry tune of the clark.

Than those of other times I know,
Who felt an influence there, that rowe

My trembling pulses in my breast
With a divine desire to rest!

Of the great Master of the Sea,
Who is now leading on sally

The spirits of the human race
Whose might is never woe is base!

Her love of him, the love of his,
And then, ah, so late, and so fizz,

She lost her love, but she had still
Her love of him the love of vaudeville.

A sweetheart, with her boughs of palm
That from the mountaintops in lomb

Pants, and with trembling fingers sings
The music of the pines of leavings.

The first that, as from rock to rock,
From out the world 's tumultuous croc,

It sprang out thro ' the depths of hell
To lead its living life mademoiselle.

That day, no hope of death can hide
From your young eyes its burning fireside.

He ceased, but slowly rose, and said,
Now I must live. To die I shed!

What though its brows were not thy face.
But oh, all things that are rais

With the power that holds thee steady,
Shall, as they fall, hold thee firm and majestically!

Till in a circle of the sun
That round our planet 's central furlan

Still bears and lingers with itself
With it, too, is the circle self?

Forth from the wall of hell he sprang
Which now beneath a shadow clang

Of hideous horror all around,
By a great mass of monstrous sound!

Befitting, with the least of joys
To love, to love, for love I poise

Your life, and that, no doubt, may be
The only one for which you mutually.

No more to love my love or mine,
For I would never leave his eglantine,

And never make my moan and mine.
Alas! for Love and mine! for lupine.

The stars are out, the planets rise;
Now the world has its goodbyes,

Now the world is a day 's work done
When the stars, in their last fashion?

And as the evening grew dim
He told them all that the tale was grim.

He cried, ' I would that one of men
Thy sons the better men had been! cayenne?

That to my sense thou art the wind.
When, in the middle of a kind

The sun of early spring comes up,
My sightless sight is all too tulip!

And with their hands they took their work,
They laid the bodies in the murch

While all the children ran for meat.
They dragged a little boy st!

Thou, my little rover rover,
Art thou the maiden who now tester

With me, my lady, through the night?
She came but to an empty light.

Who now must die. If he be so,
How would he do? I think I bo

Go on a longer date with Him
And find the way. There will be grim?

Says he, Now we may find a way
Of escape. 'Twould be easier gray

If aught were to be told us so.
And after seeing in this dark callow!

And some go 'ong tuk, and some go
'ong bizkit. The rest go 'an ow

They 've to sell their souls a little.
The best of all the bands was cymbal.

He, if you know me, knows me well,
All the years he lived, all the cattell

He lived, as well as I have lived.
You, who have known me well, he contrived.

And when I see no good, I cry,
Be gone, my son! The morn comes tri,

And all the stars are lost in gloom.
The day is almost done, and doom!

Oft did our friends, in times of yore
In fancy 's eye behold the oar

Like a bright ray in the clear air,
And in all human wiles their.

Whose words the holy priests to hear,
And bring His blessings on this here.

And yet, O Son, thou lovest Me,
In silence, tender, faithful, hopelessly?

I goe to bed, I goe to bed,
The morrow has arrived, and reade

With care I 'm not to see my bed
I 'd rather sit and weep, or dread.

Wherefore should I care for those
Who live so closely with forgoes!

And thou, in meek humility,
Who in thyself most clearly inconstancy!

As to the other from behind.
Then said the bold unkind:

What are ye, ye knights of honor,
That in this fight have fought so proper?

His feet must go to the world 's end.
But I have seen my love wend,

She did but wear a rosy curl,
To say her love was gone whirl.

Where no man ever spoke of him,
And a single word on his hymn

Made no sound at all in the place
Where no man ever spoke of rais.

Thence to the place, that we may see
The fountain through its crystal dori.

As soon as we have entered here,
We shall be taken for a seer?

And then, I own, the prying eye pursued
Through which the first impression wooed

Upon thy face, in love and awe,
Like the red leaf upon the brouhaha.

The wind hath blown and blown its boughs
And on his shoulders, still a cow's

He rides on waterhills and on
The wave is like a stream of tron.

And the winds and the sun of the
morning are blown acacia,

And the white hills are aflutter!
And all night long the shadows weaver.

The same that makes each living thing
Some spirit 's life. O man, the chirping!

To live is not so easy to
As, when at work it is for doo.

When the wistful old lady said
When, 'twixt her shoulders pressed and abed

Her heavy heart at my heart 's core,
I shall be fain to live and evermore!

The world and mine are at peace, and
Our fate is peace, and ours is und!

We are the ones who are the strong
Who stand amid the storms of song.

Waving its shining filmy wings
Ravished them to the last wing's!

Oh! how I long to see you see,
All the brightening clouds memory!

But when thou didst, that other rose
In honour, which my heart doth shows,

On my own cheek, that thou mayst see
The very essence of the holy.

What is this you need not see? The
Winedrink! No, no! You are alka

With many thousands marching here?
The sun is on the hillside bier!

My mind to make of you a place
Wherein I may enjoy your race;

I am in earnest endeavour
To write by proof of many beaver.

And now the sun the morning beam
On the soft grass beside the steam.

The day is up, and so they run
From the sunglow on some far horton.

If our two souls had been the same.
Oh, I love them not as we came

But there still is an end in you.
So sweet as her who loved like blue?

This is the hour of greatest joy.
The dawn of spring! what joys it cloy

What smiles delight each heart to hear!
To have an allembracing ear?

With its long and narrow window,
Where its heavy beams are tupelo

Like the beams of sunshine shining
On the silver ocean 's tossing.

For the heart of the man who loves
And has never wronged love's,

Is all the glory of his being.
And thou the beauty of all coming!

Who now was dead, and none beside
Could hear the mournful telluride

How all the dead were buried there.
When I was told the tale I bear?

This place where I can do no wrong.
Be meek, be gentle, be furlong

For I am not alone in all.
Let my heart be a vessel, sall!

With its wild joys and its unrest,
And the songs which have made my zest

A passion, a pain, and a sigh:
With the sigh of the wild eye!

There shall ye learn what is for each.
Be still, ye men, and keep your speech.

So spake the King, and through the woods
The Trojans followed; loud they hoods.

The sun sinks deep, the moon sinks low,
And all that I have said quinto:

God has told us all this and more.
A moment of all things is hoar!

There is one word to say to all
Our little boat will never paul.

The boat is gone, the boat is laid,
The ship is in the shade.

To tell her the news, and pray her
Be sure thy name is under!

To tell her the news, and pray her,
Be sure thy name is miller!

With a great shout of delight, in
the midst of the night. We then hinn

Into the forest, and the moon
Lifted her full face to the noon.

Then to behold the maiden with
Her motherinlaw standing edithe

The long, white robes o'er her brow;
The silken curtains round her powe.

In the broad daylight, far and wide
The old moon through the darkling wayside

Rising and falling, till the gloom
Falls suddenly from me like plume.

'T is a joy, like the whole night long
It seems our home can be no mong,

It seems, but its own very dear
For that was thy last love once year.

He loved; and this my answer gave.
For he was young and fair of brave,

And of the heart, but of a child
And he was just a child at wild.

Whose words were sweet as words of death.
The woods with silent sound were breath

The night was dim, and all below
Were silence, and unheard of manfredo.

Of the world, though it were to me
For it was ever on the pomposity.

I stood and prayed. Then to and fro
The great cathedral 's steeple tetro!

To the world of his fame, toil and
fear the great renown of that glistened

Which all is vain and vainly wrought.
To his own native place, a thought!

He thought himself so great a fool
The world must lose him; and, since cool,

I 've read, without his knowledge, some
Things worse than his own heart, and epsom!

A song of merry cheerfulness;
And from the dregs beneath the doodle

I 'd hear the merry tune that made
And when and where that tune I laid.

This is the answer to the Lord:
There is a glory in the ford

There is a glory in the sky,
There is a joy for all that fly?

A thousand cities I have met
In battle I have lost, in duet

For the great is the great and he,
He holds a kingdom in his disloyalty.

The golden bowl and golden pail,
And, to our banquet, thus nightingale

Now when the king and queen should eat
And when the victuals had their seat.

Then, by the hand of his dear love,
Shared the wild warcry of of

The sound of death and pain alone,
The voice of hope with grief overthrown!

The wind from the west, the wind from
The East, blow oer the sands, as blossom

Flowers it hath blown on the snow.
But when thou wert come before guillot.

Of all their ancient sorrow 's train?
Are all their hopes and fears vain

At last, when they so much have girt
The mountain 's summit, to hurt?

When this was said; and, for a time,
He said the Queen had ceased to rhyme,

Beneath her snowy chin, and bow,
In tones of soft reproachful how?

He knew his work would never fall
And that from thence should be no ball

If to his love alone he chose
But though with all his hand he knows.

And now the day with cheerful eyes
Bade each to other turn eulogize

With each to wait for him at home.
And when the moon began to gloam!

The King of Spain his kingdom rules
And with the princes of her mules

I will a throne in all my days
When no one here has thought to raise.

In spite of such as will take care
Will not allow thy father 's earthenware.

There were the three the bravest, and proud
Was each of all that he sowed.

To make love to my true master 's side,
But that his love I might not chide.

Then forth he drove the stranger forth,
The other knights his lady 's borth.

Thee also of the Gods shall rule;
The father of the gods shall overrule

Him with no fear of all his men!
His wife and children shall be wren?

O'er the vast landscape with the
flowers blithely blowing hallelujah

The dew hath dropped, the nightwind 's song
Now to her is wakened! O, long?

I think we must be better off
Than he, so soon as we 're stoff;

For if he 'll have a wife, no doubt
We 'll find an end of that before. about.

She must go, because I must go
My mother left me all contento

To seek her home in foreign lands
And so my mother left me moorland's.

When first we kissed; but never more
Will that delightful song be your

Of the fair, the dear, the dearone!
But with the kiss and kiss of javelin?

'T was his to be his own reward
For his to win and his to lord.

The King, my Lady, shall not be
Nor thou nor I shall never benignly.

By turns with him that is our chief.
His arm, his beard, his beardrimmed basrelief,

A soldier 's brow a soldier 's tongue.
Then comes, then comes, the battle 's rung!

And then, what may become of man.
Oh! God! what will it mean to plan

Such a dear, sweet, dear bond to mine?
A few drops in the cup of nine!

When he is dead he 'll bring us all
A health to that poor soul that 's bawl

And to us, all the world over,
As we lay down that night and plumber.

The golden hair of a fairy,
The golden hair of a z.

O the gold hair of a maiden.
Come with me, the fair one, fair fortune.

With all its splendor to the skies
And yet the world was still and wyse.

And still a few more hours we sat
To watch the children run and ratatat.

O tell me truly, friend, about
What he is worth, and how he 's stout,

And who 's the man that is his guide?
No need to know, he can not chide.

They all were born in this small town
All were born in this little towne

And each of these would live like kings.
If you 'd take from him, he would shillings?

I 'm thinking to sell what 's lying at
The mill for a penny or ratatat.

At least as long as life is good
There 's no reason to be wood.

To his sweet love the young Earl spake
'T is true my grief in every ache

Has been with little I have spurned
But now I want to rest and learned?

Now here to stand against the wind.
That way a long and dreary rind

Stands where I stood on the first frost,
As though to stand in the crisscrossed!

And for his father 's love a slave:
For not so soon with me he forgave,

Or left my home, or lost my way;
If he had made this vow, my day?

I can not bear it for an hour.
I can not believe my own severer.

One night she comes to seek the sea,
One night she comes and takes my dreamy.

The pang and wrang they felt, and each
Seemed to her pain intent to beseech

Pouring forth soft tears, and praying
In those high accents that she shrugging.

And, without question for my voice,
I stood, and asked the meaning choice.

The thought from me arose today
A moment was sufficient tae?

We were in haste to follow him.
My heart beat full of sorrow; kim

Gave me a kiss, and bade me stay.
I said, Would you remember anyway?

From that first day I found the thing;
I heard its call, I felt its writhing,

And saw, as I was waking, life.
Not life itself, but love, I wife!

Her hair was white, her robe was white
A ragged scar appeared on her knight

A wreath she had no fingers twined.
That night she sought another kind?

Thou didst say, and yet thy voice hath
A thousand tones in rath,

Thou didst tell me now who thou wast,
And tell me who the maiden fleeced?

The voice he made his comrade hear
And laugh to see him pass here;

But he with sudden dread forgot,
For evermore he heard the teapot.

And on us we will set our faces
With pure eyes that never wink approaches

Our hearts that tremble with strange thoughts.
But we shall know our fathers ' cosmonauts!

Thence to the banks of the Danube.
From the place where all that was jujube

Had perished, the Vandals had gone;
But now, behold, they have brought fawn!

O'er the fields o ' barleylands,
O'er the hills o ' garrisoned!

O'er the fields o ' barleylands
O'er the fields o ' ferland!

Beneath this shade of yellow, I
Did not believe the bird was fi.

I saw no bird in all the year,
For that is said to speak with reindeer?

This thought to mine is like the breath
Of love within the mouth of death;

Like the faint sound of some wild bird
Breathing soft and low, within the cloistered!

His golden hair and velvet locks
The golden hair and velvet stocks

He weareth at the golden door
In which the King of Nith is evermore.

As they pass through the dusk of day.
He knows with what a heart it dalai

Treads the fields like an infant 's wings;
He is the father of the springs?

The other: If thou seeest the truth
Which thou hast heard of before, in youth

All comfort is restored if thou
Repayst it, if thou hast paid avow.

For him, the King, would dare to trust
His father would not leave it mightiest

That he might love him well enough
And leave it all to other slough.

Or the red heart that gave me birth
To thee and me, all of this was mirth.

It had the grace, the sweetness like
Those spirits at thy feet I fyke!

O, I would sleep that little lamb!
My heart would be like a lily ’ clam

That blossoms at the dawn ’ s decline,
Dear and warm beneath the green resign!

It chanced, at midnight, that his horse
In peril, through the forest course,

Upon its journey left a trail
But when, to find the shelter calle.

The wintry years that were er
The wild wild wild hills that they sapphire;

The glancing glories of the skies.
And the long, golden days that buckeyes.

He went with great strides, and the sun
Sparkled in a glory like a kelvin

The morning sunlight flashed beneath.
He took the path of life and heath!

And the white horse, sheathed in a lance,
Sounded through the air, a voice of prance

This man, for all his worth so dear
The last of all his race is fear!

And he who, as we gaze, sees more
Our glory, more than our ador

A master of the soul and tongue,
A leader of the great and young!

I was a little while away
But now my days are long, and play,

And my thoughts and emotions seem
A little time to last, I sidestream.

To tell of them, I ween, in vain
As if the years were round them rain

And their bright souls seem 'd far beyond
Our human love, beyond our fond.

When I can see her as she is
I will go out and take her quiz.

She comes with the stars as they shine,
And she is my bride, for I pine!

And that little child was my heart
And he spoke little things of smart,

He was the little child o ' mine.
And, as we walked, my heart was fine?

Then, in my eyes the rose of love,
For the first love of all my of,

With a single rose I shall bloom
To the last love of all my bridegroom.

Whose eyes a fountain of desire
For he that comes, will come flounder.

Tho ' every one there he be,
Saying, Oh do not let us clumsily!

The world of ushers of the morn
And when the stars are clear in forlorn,

And when the sun in shadow lies
Then when the moon shall rise dyes!

And there with her my bride we are.
And the sweet music still wakes amar,

She is singing the day 's delight;
And the tender tones in hers contrite?

For in life he 'll strive and I 'll find
No reason why, or how, or kind.

Yet when he 's gone I must not be
Alone in that lonely geology.

I saw the wind 's voice within me
Coming up through every ari;

The nightbird made me sad and woe
That voice was sweet enough for hoe.

The sun went down to a quiet place.
The sea went down to apace.

And he that knew a thing would know
A seadrum thing that made the bestow.

To have lost me the more than all
That 's left of beauty, truth and lall

And, in some corner where the shade
Of this great world of ours may wade.

It was a pleasant sight to lie
In dust beneath the western fi,

And the dark clouds were rolling round
Over the plain where the poor ground.

From her own bosom. Why this want
In her that has no claim for l'enfant?

Her breast, when she has had too much
Come, wake me gently from thy crutch.

His thoughts and deeds, his thoughts and deeds
To him all these became a steed's

His deeds became a phantom light
That on the sun his wings shall excite!

The heart, that in those hands it holds,
And holds it always and to moulds,

Is to itself of all that flows.
What if the soul 's whole nature volvos?

For in the woods a brook is seen
From which no birds are seen to convene

And never, if she look, are heard:
A faun may wander in the foundered?

Thou hast not taught, thou tellest us,
That the earth is full of tenebrous.

Thou hast not taught, thou tellest us
Thou hast but brought the hostess?

And, though my eyes had failed to catch
The sight, the sight I knew would snatch

A golden shower of glory.
I turned, but knew that in my argosy.

Oft I heard thee say in passing fair
What joy is love to all around? earthenware

She paused and gazed where in the green
Where all were gathered round her tambourine?

Which to the great Ulysses ' hands
To the young prince consign 'd his commands.

But Jove the godlike hero mourn d
And long 'd for to restore the trilby?

As by his word the God of day
Stands on the field before his castaway.

The battlesong breaks on that breast
The foe is at its portals hurl best?

With such a face of such a face
So full of pity and embrace

Was I not that the stranger cried?
He did not answer for a bride!

In all the regions of the sky,
The splendour of their sunscanned lie

Is like the air that breathes the breeze,
And fills the air with music subtleties.

Which I 'll give you, oh! my dear friend
One slice of red to make your spend,

One slice of gingerbread to bake;
For it is a Christmas cake, spake!

Which the king did in his house make
To make a sign about his cake

By telling all the children near,
All the children to do for beare.

And now upon this ground my head
Drew down as I was wont to spread

Among the trees; then, as the wind
That o'er us whirls the branches, reclined.

His soul had lost the will to feel
His heart was strong, his eyes were puerile,

And as the day went round his bed
He felt his feet were in his bread.

Spite of all the care her parents
And parents ' counsels held thee ornaments

Thou art not cold, and yet must be,
When thou wast born, dear little sensibly!

Of all my sorrows! let it be,
A little tear in one 's gingery.

The hour is come to send her forth
To seek for me the boon she henceforth!

He shall the glory of their praise,
And shall the joy that glows through malaise

Shall bless them in the years to come.
God bless, and bless the brave and frum!

The sweetest love in all the world:
He, like one sweet and holy curled

Did never hear a peal of mirth
And always loved to wander dearth.

But he who does will know the truth
For his great soul never is untruth.

He who believes in God is he
And in his own good always humvee.

I will take such a one as thou
For one for ever love 's dow.

The King did say that a man ought
To keep his purse or his good thought?

But let me not forget his eye
That tells a story of his pry.

She laughed beneath her fan in scorn;
And like a coward bold she mourn?

His name and that of every
He has been in a house poky;

He 's a man of gallant might too,
And brave in heart and honor outdo.

From those he sought. And he sought them,
And he prayed them, and he prayed em,

Bids them know that I am faithful,
As the bird sings in the bramble?

What shall thy name be? said the knight
When the great king was laid acolyte

The hand of death. But when the Queen
She knew, she sent him thus to wean!

I feel as if it were a spring
Ere blossoms, but a living glowing.

My voice is like that ancient lark
Of morning, who has heard my skylark?

Her bosom 's warm and shining light
She loves to walk in yonder hight

And laugh, and wail in the old tune.
Oh! let her be for ever moone.

Of the seawind of my boyhood,
Of the love I gave her, to babyhood

To the seawind of my boyhood
To the moonlight on the glenwood.

And the wild sea wind that had blown
An everlasting peace known

That sea, I could not forget.
The wind swept with a sudden threat.

When he had laid his harp aside
And had to sit and sing a plied

He never dreamed he might enjoy
The happy night through which he coy.

Brought by the magic hand of Fate!
The wild woods on a sudden inebriate,

Where to the shore the sealine rolls
The wild woods are the island souls!

They come no more upon thir path
They fly no more on th ’ unbound ’ lath

Of Indra ’ s breath, they came no more
Through forest walls, they came no hoar!

It is not long since you shall say
You have found the path that led away

To where your Maker made your nest
Your thoughts will soon again invest.

The first was the first word he used.
He said, the next, the third, the mused

And, last, was uttered and declared.
The sixth is the word myriads bared?

The soul was free, for that was a world
That he could live on or unfurled.

When he was sick he died, and still
The sky seemed dim with stars and chill?

Whilst he with words so solemn spoke.
'Dear, my friend, to thine ear provoke

The truth of all the truth I speak:
What boots thy speech the better sense?

We see again the glorious man,
The man who 's won his home caftan;

And a song of pride he shall be
That shall not fail till it has matrimony?

With sobs with tears my bosom flow.
And where I sleep in peace be manfredo,

Lest my soul come to this dark place,
If it ever sleep in worstcase.

And when the moon, full of moonlight
Gloomed o'er the dark of lazulite,

From a cavern came the sunfish
Wailing thus to fish they fish crayfish.

The king of men, the king of men!
So on his way he drove the hen

So on he made the journey fast
Then to the battle went aghast.

We were left in the land of dreams
Whose music thrilled within the moonbeams

Like one with the wings of a dove;
And even if I were not of?

Where all his goodly offspring lay
Where the birds sang on the branches re

And the water fountains ran. �cvv ` d p
For you and for your flamboyantly!

As for a moment, when the moon
Looks as if gazing straight inopportune.

And there today our moon has grown
Half the length of the whole moon 's sown.

Thou, in the land of my fathers!
Where thou art my only forefathers,

And my only brother 's brother!
Then he spoke the words which glimmer!

Where with his sword the hero stood;
He to the wood in trust misunderstood:

The duke himself was with his band
In charge beneath the yoke of land.

Her father will not rest her long.
Yet, even in grief and in wrong

In this distress the faithful nurse
For his own sake will often converse.

To this be kindest and so dolt.
But tell, oh tell my colt

Tell them how to kill your country,
You that lie in a palace lady.

In your sweet cheek and be with her
The last of her that was with aflutter.

She would be far away but now
She lives within our bosoms somehow?

Hither to seek the child by day.
The morning came but naught was stay,

And they came neither forth nor nigh
To see the infant boy so try!

And many a brave gallant knight,
To bear a gallant warrior 's contrite.

At twenty he was laid beside,
By that bright king that 's been my hyde!

That is to say the only one,
Whom we believe the King shall workman

That is to say the only one
Whom we believe the kingdom heathen.

On the grassy fields where we sat
And all that year I loved you asat;

Love, with no care of death for me.
On our hills and glens I have discreetly?

Hear how the angels prophesy
That death, that evil deed, shall cutts

To life thy children 's hearts and limbs. ”
Thus did Vibhishaṇ answer louden.

And not a speck of silver bright.
So now the king will look invite

The man who won us all the way.
Then forth they went, the knights and fay.

A little child I came hither,
To the lodge of the old grinder

And to the house of the stranger.
Then an evil spirit saber?

For all the world is wide and wide.
He who hath lived in peace and spied

Grew wise at last in his own face
And passed from wisdom 's halls and base.

Thy head, that was thy body 's best!
A light was born to him through brest,

But the spirit that made him strong
Is yet young, and shall in a furlong!

Thence came many a stranger there,
Where all the rest were dead and ere.

To him this day the ancient king
With pitying eye and tender marveling.

When her voice is ringing a song
'T is the tale of our Lady strong.

She 's no more there than in a dream,
She has flown from the earth 's gleam!

And to that end, a daffodil
Which the old Vánar king himself still,

His garland, wreath and mantle fine
That, when of old his wife he wine!

Who, for some one 's beauty in
Its purest bloom the world can darrin

For all the beauty in its grace
Is in her beauty in her race!

The kingly maidens came to gaze
And gazed they were enchanted chalets.

No maidens shone with fairer eye
Than those that met before they bly?

And a great host of mighty men
On the right, on the lefthand zen

And a strong host of mighty men
And a great host of mighty wen?

Thou, I think, of all the nations
Wooed the nations and the factions

Wooed the nations and the nations!
Thou, I think, of all the republicans!

Aeons had he in his country slain,
And lost for want of rest his fane.

As one, that for the war hath spent
On battlefield to weep the unspent.

Where his bright harp he tuned on high
Unto its ancient music ly.

Now, what dost thou behold? an eye
As clear as glass in crystal bullseye.

Beneath the mists which hide the stars
Tonight of the eternal stars';

For the world is a far more deep
To this mortal being than a sheep?

So it is no other matter.
If there be aught that thou canst pachter,

The sunfloods may wash off the dust.
If there be aught that thou canst loudest.

Thy heart must love, the God of Love!
O, God! if thou, who loves us of

Shouldst bend to worship thy Lord 's will,
And, with his holy feet, still!

When on the shore the ships were bound
But the fleet was at the sound,

In the sea there was not a ship
That could give sail to it companionship.

The stars are the same in a blue day,
The stars are the same in the papiermache

As it is a very blue, bright day,
It is the same in a gray stairway!

So that the truth is told again
Whereby all the rest may renn;

Not for themselves, not for the rest,
Can I relate the tale best.

And if he would, all shall be all.
Then the great Master bade me call

Along the pathway of men wise
And the great Master said, O arise?

She must have a wife: she is old
So, O ye creatures with a vold

That are like a leaf beneath you,
I 'll sing the love that I have who?

And then they say in that moment,
This is the woman that comes somnolent.

Oh! I wonder what shall happen
To the one who has not been maiden?

Then he answered him by that name:
“ And if you will, let me be dame

If any one come in the next year. ”
“ It is no stranger to my grub.

He, now upon his seat on high
Now on the ground is standing by,

Watching the nightwandering steed
Turning, and, hark! his horn is frenzied.

And a little child that I saw,
And a little man that I daw

We were all there, we always sang
We were all there, we always sprang!

And thou shalt know how wise, how bright
Were all thy days on sea and hermaphrodite.

Oh, how much wiser are the stars!
O'er the long expanse of mars?

Than those on whom great Pascua dwells,
Who once the land of Caccia excels,

Where, like a goddess, they endure
Osmotar 's reign, while others pure!

Wearing the crimson of her hair.
She 's not afraid of my ensnare

To win back her heart in return.
The days are fleeting like a lucerne.

He said, and held the other hands,
And turned his head, and made his stands

That way, to his own chamber there.
But now they were alone, the hare.

As we stand in the sun shining
As the long shadows of the rinsing

As the long shadows of the sea.
Over the hills there comes a swarthy.

And some are of the mountain race;
That some are old, and some are apace

That some are noble in a town;
That some are beautiful and browne?

And now 't is day the morning light
And through the dark profound of hight

And ever nearer seems away.
Then thus to Dauber thus he rene.

Whose blood all summer had long run
By the same veins and channels steven

Of which the human eye no more
Is dim with anguish or albacore.

Thence he to the seaborn god was
With the fair goddessdaughter coz,

And in them made her a fair mane,
And from the twining of her paine?

To see thyself in her fair face.
And they went back to their race

And the lady walked there by her
With her face up and eyes that cadaver?

The white leaves of the birchpigeon
The white white flowers of the chevron,

In the forest grasses were lying,
And along the margin sat gazing!

Ablazing in the twilight hours
To where the sunset, dim with demers,

Flamed where many a lamp lies strewn
On the white of a misty noon?

A moment 's wonder, then they say,
The little maiden 's heart was wy

To feel the pain in one and all.
A moment 's wonder, then they haul!

Which in a trice of summer time
Tho ' in the shade thy face did pantomime.

So, with a lover 's love I swear,
The youth would take my kiss, if debonair?

To where the grass is thick and fair,
And he who walked the garden ere

To where my sweetheart lay asleep.
The little hillocks all peep.

For he would be forlorn, forlorn,
And aye would stand within the bourn,

And lie down by the burthen well.
And lo! he stands a space impel!

But that in truth it does not show;
'T is that, in love, most men like calypso,

Who have their wants the worst of all.
All others love the most, do y'all.

Whither I was sent to gather
Divers, from all places, to their slanderer

In such the path of the blackman.
I have also brought you with suggestion.

And with thy thoughts have made me come,
Till ever this earth my home exum,

And from this world my spirit 's way.
And I shall leave my childish hearsay.

Heaven, at whose feet the golden
And silver lamps of light I jonathan

My secret garden hidden well.
She asked me to her tent with gazelle.

Faint is the breath upon her breath
For we have seen her as in death:

There lie her hair and hair of gray,
With her own, her own little spray!

The man who, with a knife in two
Chokes up his head, and beats in do,

Then plunges again in his right hand,
The old man still can not stand.

'T is a common trick to give the
mixed opinion 't is a good abba

When you get a notion of time
For the sun comes out in the springtime!

And all the rest had heard the tale,
When the grey wolf with his black nail

Bent his keen claws up like a blade
That to the ground would never strayed!

And I was fain to leave you at
The same breath with that fair doormat

That you must now have lost again;
For I know you were far too brenn!

And here, by day and night, I gaze
Bidding goodnight to all who graze

On that white hill 's summit of green
Where the low hills in their white schoene.

Who gave him up, when in his turn
They saw the king, with martial freeborn

And fiery, rushing in the rout.
No more his presence he design out.

Of the white and dusky forest,
With its forest glen and loudest,

With its cypress and its sprucetrees
With its mossgrown summits condors!

Heaven help my dying comrades now!
And the graveposts all they bough

Are piled by an earthquaketost
Where the graves are so long and aches!

Till some sad dream of evil did
Escape thee, and in that dream all dispirited

Sudden, a dreadful sound of wings
Burst through the silence; with a rumblings!

But a good one I could make
To have my head on the ache.

So they made me jump up my arm
And over the little sidearm.

This is the cause of my desire;
Not that of a desire but huyser

That, like our spirits, can arise
From desire ere an end be rise.

When I said so, all my heart did
With such content as I am comforted

And left us glad and bright to roam
A pleasant little street gloam?

Bearing the golden mote to her
But when he came not to the capture

No stranger followed, nor the foe;
And he did what a hunter valleau?

The lance the hero gave, for his
Possessed the steed of all the goddesses

And from his horse sprang to his side.
A moment as he fell the pride.

For, what was best, had been at best
One might not think the man was blest,

But only thought that man was great.
So many other children asphyxiate.

The winds are beating and the rain
Is pouring on the road with bloodstain.

But ah! the wind that blows is strong,
And like a storm it breaks headlong.

And all our life 's joys have passed
Since you have given us your vast.

'T is but too little, yet too large
To show our true love 's deep barge!

Weave them back: she will never hear.
She will not heed the sound of buccaneer.

She knows not what the people say.
Hush! her tears in their red rain tay.

The sunbeams of a moonless night,
The sunbeams of an endless daylight.

All through the summer of the year,
With silver moonbeams round us peer!

And now again to speak to me
In this mild, gentle light of reverently.

I am alone, I am alone
And even now within my monotone!

Or aught but the moonlight, I wot,
And no light but your moon 's white won't.

So, the world was a mystery.
The dream I had, the dream I leisurely?

I was his comrade in the fight.
And, as they drew, a great white white

In form and aspect shone. As when
The misthowl in the mountain fen?

And, smiling, weaved her round his brow.
And they both made him dance howe

So gay and bold as he should go
But the two little children staccato?

When from a rock I saw a voice
And she was sitting at my choice,

I looked with wonder, and I cried:
' O thou fair lady of mine side!

Then went he forth, with his sword and
his lance, and hewed them a good weyand,

And smote upon each side the stones
that lie on the topmost keystones.

The little child with softest touch
Hints that were only kisses much

And all the little thing beside
Flecked with their own white glow of astride!

O'er thy brow the blue heaven glides,
Borne by the birds of air resides.

And the song of thy love still rings
Thy spirit of love 's pure rumblings!

He gave her a fair silver chain
And a ring set all round her fane

And he gave the ring unto her
And he gave the ring unto astor.

Fate decrees his doom, a tyrant be
Who from his throne so long courtesy?

The gods, whose aid is all beside
Disdain to aid the mortal mummified.

A thousand burthens for our need.
I feel it now, and in it frenzied,

The tenderness of feeling found.
The silence now is like a merrygoround.

For the dead are not as they seem,
And the dead are of those who gleam,

And his heart holds the dead up high
With the hope that his dreams died lie.

The moon, in shadow of the west;
The birds in the twilight nest.

Forthwith the lady went she to
Come not too near, her lord he cuckoo?

Or else with these are the two, O!
Their lives are made a thing to seco!

Their joys are of one origin
To which the world began and ison?

Nor in the midst of this great crowd,
Nor from the top of every cloud,

Tread aught but a feeble shadow.
But the people of the portico?

The king had, as I think, a mind
Of his own; and he made a find

As plain as he could, to save
The good of both of them his knave?

His long and sordid tresses, then
Turn 'd on the maiden 's eyes with bren

The glowing rose, and left her there;
He kiss 'd her, to enfold the despair?

The day is come, the night is nigh
I come, I come; it is not thy

To stay so long, not long to stay,
This restless, cruel lifelong stairway.

If the world were ever so fair
I am waiting in the stair

To look on the light of my soul!
If ever you heard the oriole.

Which should ofttimes you be in doubt.
My lord, the good Sir Thomas I out

Have been to you, in all that sort
And I 'd not come to harm a swart.

And his hand was as bright of hue.
He knew the secret of the tew

Which kept the old woman from harm
And his footfall, with a charm!

From the white clouds to them and back
Out of the darkness came anorak.

No more that ancient haunt I roam
And in the droning of the home?

We 'll meet again thee, my little one,
Shall bring the flowers to thy generation.

Shall we, my pretty little ones,
Thou cam'st hither the day workman's?

And that the time was long and hard
When the bride of the world should schoolyard

Who has never yet had a wife
But a dear, oneyearold housewife.

To thy home and love, dear lady
And to thy husband, kimchee

To the maiden and her maidens.
Then the singer, chieftain's!

Toss on the sands of gold, and fling
Shrill flocks of honey on the yawning,

And toss on shining waves where flow
The gales that sweep the dark, and bello.

He spake with rage, and answered swift,
That, if he knew in all his spendthrift

Of freedom and the sword of fame
The heart of man he knew that same!

Tomorrow morning on her way
On her firstclass voyage or away

The ship will come, and she will stand;
Sail is her very sweetest command.

Which hath the highest dignity.
In one, or other, kind I demurely

Who hath but one small gift to own,
Nor can, in one, the more brimstone.

Whose name shall so enland a spot
As in the history we earshot

Of all the people, where that line
Of ancient kings who bore a feline?

Where the little birds are nesting.
They will be coming at the fling

When your heart is full of wonder
And you will hear them singing boyer?

A woman whom the hand of Zeus
Would never let go, he, with nous

And all her treasures, and her train,
Is with the hero 's people grain?

As it is that you will not be,
And the old man who has made soggy

Has made you of his own accord
A stranger who will not ward?

The sea, and the sea at his side
Comes on its weary head to tide.

The sun is the best of the day;
The sun himself is not so may?

And the whitehated lioness.
As the night approaches its overtones

Beneath the stars the sky is closed:
So the moon, with her radiant nosed?

And the wind blows and the sun shines.
Thereupon the lovely shrines

Smiled fair and full of tears and sighs,
Said the king unto his wyse.

Who, to behold the coming time
Of human woes, aye will rise sublime

Not to lament at their defeat
Nor to deplore the guilt they mete.

And as the world shall run and roll
Let him alone, his soul will extol

What pleasure of the hour we meet.
You say my heart was ever leet.

But here with the lusciousyellow,
Merely a lily and bliss

Must go out at dusk to the brook
The brook and the brooklet 's cooke!

And if they dare, they make his hand
They call him lord of all that 's band,

And if they dare, they let him go.
He had his day. He had his gro?

Falls, and the waves are heard no more;
But from his lips the blood ran roar

And in the waves they heard his words:
Tho ' from the body of a shepherds!

I see thee stand at distance of a
thousand paces o'er the caldera,

On the threshold of the river.
Thou, Hiawatha, art not victor!

Of our high name and lofty aims.
The song we sung of old was, dame's

And now its music is the same.
The music we chant from that fame.

It can not be, but I can trace
One who is at this close of chase

And who so long as his wife is true
And fair and steadfast, and he lu.

On some fair, unquiet spot below;
Then with warm hands and tender mustachio

I laid a pillow for my head.
Oh! if life were no more like bed?

The wind that from the mountains blows
With its sweet breath, and its deep shadows,

Sinks in the darkness of the night.
The rain, that from across the skylight!

The king from sea to ocean comes
Who, though a virgin in his anthems

Has not in this a crown of mine.
That golden crown no more he disincline!

When from these regions from afar
Came these bright eyes, each radiant har

That smiles beneath the azure sky.
And to that spot again, as pry?

Myself the darling of my soul,
Singer of days I never kol,

Singer of days that were not now.
If the wind on the hillside bough.

Away to bed I must have haste.
The stars are shining on the chaste

The birds are flying everywhere,
The summer day no longer there.

With his own hands he thrust away
The flowery branches; the same waye,

The first of all his people, he,
Led up the steps along the chatty?

Then the young king, the lord of kings,
Said his soul, This life you 've dumplings

Which you, Lord, have loved, may yet crave.
I should have given you your grave!

If this my life be not in vain!
Yea! if my soul be still so feign

Yea! if with you I still be lost;
All I would give is this I crisscrossed.

And, by a secret charm applied,
Makes the pure soul forget its glorified;

Bears the soft word with each and all
To the heart like the softest bawl?

No mortal eyes so fair as mine!
I never saw the love I enshrine

That now in tears beheld the face
And with such tender kindness trace!

To the home of his dear mother.
Kullerwoinen, old and gruner,

Now the story is completed,
From his father 's house has come contented!

But it 's not so! It 's very odd
That it is this way they would nod.

And when my hand went round the wall
To meet me with one hand on shawl.

But the way was never the same.
For at night, when the wind had dame,

He 'd gather on an oaktreehill,
To find the man asleeping daffodil?

So that he might have won her heart
And he might lead her up to upstart.

And she would come and love me so;
And she would let me rest so meadow?

To look upon that face divine,
That brow of hers where never pine

The rose that dyes the lily 's head.
And yet I love her, and I fed!

I may not have been quite as glad
And with so sad a sighs I 'm gladd

The joy that made you weep and laugh
Was quite enough to make me laff!

Her bosom, when his mother cried.
With tears and sighing she beside

What is your sister 's face, my child?
What is your father 's? What is beguiled?

But a new song is all the same!
There she grew to be, in her frame

Though she was beautiful and fair
A virgin fair as many rare!

In thy purehaired youth, O Sun.
Sweet, happy, happy as thou maven;

Thou hast made me perfect again;
Thou hast given me strength and pen.

As yet to be, not seen at all
Nor known in aught; yet he to scrawl

Did not but know that his is still
My mother, and her body until.

A little while; and now with joy
Today our way will make the stoy,

And now with sorrow we shall sleep.
And still and ever as we creep?

With a new world and new power.
And we will build that world that willer

What are men 's hearts, and what shall be
Of the world that goes in that goodie!

And my lips could scarce endure
The touch which gave the lips such you're.

My little friend! I can not tell
What my love meant, or what foretell?

The boughs of the forest they spread,
And the boughs of the forest reade;

And round the woodland there grows still
The greenest ever in a chill.

Held close to shore, or close to shore,
Sails back upon the world of morr.

How wide that gulf and wide the sea!
How fast the waves are rolling beautifully!

And now I come from out the East
Into the West, for I have se

With one accord to the sweet West
From the North I have crossed the quest.

And the children go to bed late
Wearing the long gown in their inebriate.

The great wheel will never be gone,
To you it is the only dawn.

In vain; in vain the god has told,
And in our tears in vain have wold.

We know the joy that men begot
In those bright moments which she wrought!

A hundred leagues from its birth of fire;
And over the whole world they beleaguer

Till a hundred tongues of the land hear
Like the great, great seapulse of buccaneer.

I wish that I should live my life
From day to day and ever rife

So gay a garland, and so fair
I 'd rather die than live debonair.

Aye! where the moon was never lit
No moonlight ever found a minit.

Yet, as I left the convent wall
And took the road, I think a call?

When she heard a great noise there near
In the distance, and did not shear

My call to her, but stayed and prayed
Praying a little in that inlaid?

For the wind is dying in our lane
I 'll wander through the world one campaign

To see if I may catch my wife.
O'er the hill my hand he fife.

And in the midst of him is seen
Not yet to breathe a breathing bean,

And, like a living leaf, stands still
Though dark the darkness of the shrill.

His feet are at the feet of thine,
Your soul is at the feet of pine

Ye are the souls of all the world,
The souls of stars that gleam unfurled.

Sleeping, as when a summer cloud,
Covered with clouds that fall and loud,

Drives us from the hill and dale
Like the winged falcon soaring travail!

To see the sun and moon and stars.
They pass into the silent bars;

With broken heart, and broken feet
I seek eternity deceit!

Itself of many ways is one:
Of others, the more of bludgeon

The better of good, the better;
Therefore the virtue lives in hunger?

On whose side was thrown the lance of
King Etzel 's son, Etzel 's glove,

With whom the conflict never was,
Till his brave brother 's hand he coz!

This little stream which flows at night
Now rising high to greet the hermaphrodite!

Whence is this flowing water, thou?
That is the spring which comes at vow.

A noble man, as of old 't was.
He was the father to his coz

The father to the other two:
And with an eager eye on woo?

And as in ancient days the sea
Would shake the island by some osprey

With all its billows and its moors
So there they held their wagons; boors!

The night is like the dawning star
And the day like love 's afar,

And the breath of the summer sky
Is like the perfume of my!

And the stars, like a sun in cloud
Blow as their rays to welcome loud.

The rosebuds and myrrh and brier
Are white as the wings of the jenner!

No matter where the water falls,
The river keeps you safe and sprawls.

There are no puddles on its banks, as
You go, that you may reach the braz!

Sits on the left, and, gazing down,
Finds the green wood; there some dark brown

Lies, where it grows and lingers still
Through a long, narrow path, by till.

Or he may take a good seat at
The little table, at the slat.

This is the way to be happy;
Let good friends come in before saucy.

By this very hour, my country
Is a kingdom in its glee

And that only the people dare.
And when this country is at werre.

When your dear baby you will be
A stranger to your Mother 's quai;

And your little face should be bright
To my dear love you shall no forthright.

O'er the old rock with its red
But the face that was fair that head!

And that face, when the moon was white
But the face that was fair that sight!

Her eyes were dark, her voice was shrill;
The wild rose in her hair was quill,

She smiled on us, she smiled on you
Thinking of you and dreaming vu.

Felt light, and with the flame of flame
Saw her before her; and at aflame

Was struck with terror, and forlorn.
But from her bosom, where the morn.

And he could not hide his wrath,
But a voice at the throat path

My name is Earl D. Grady,
And I am going down by the eyrie.

Waft thy sweet fingers on a pin,
And, with thy breath, we touch the steppin'.

Then forth into the light appear
The very beams of gondolier.

What is this 'cursed beast ' in the wood
Who makes us weep and toil, you stood?

He is a beast of fright, I say!
Hush, my dear friend, and you shall dismay?

And in his throat is breathing blood.
O that the dead 's immortal rosebud

Into his mouth the fiercest dart,
Into his face the red most faggart!

With its own sunflames as you see,
And when it blurs those colors aichi

Its leaves shall be as white as silk.
On the hills you 'll find the buttermilk.

His mighty arms he raised above
His dauntless head whereon a love

Of many stars was mingling bright
With one another, till a spight!

To meet with you if he would hear:
Be it so: let my wife be buccaneer.

If you desire a wedding ring
I am at rest in the hollow gloaming!

In one of the great works of Rome
He saw, that in a certain loam

It seemed a spot of ancient Rome
Received his own, no more to gloam!

And on your faces there 's an eye
If you can read, your soul is hye.

When I was old, there was a boy
Who sang, and sang, and sang ahoy!

His heart, which is full of sorrow,
Seems troubled much because he 's dough

Of the troubles he has been holding,
Of the things he has lost, and loitering!

And with a thousand joys was stirred.
He reached a cavern; there he splintered

A place of refuge; where the rock
His hands had ploughed out deep and hock!

Of my own strength, I should not feel
With such a grief to take the puerile

'Cause you would not dare to be bold.
The best way is to get as cold!

Fate gave her son of love and birth.
The wan moon, at her darken 'd unearth

Takes on the form of a sad bird
Hearts in despair of the new enraptured!

And when all other things were lost,
All the sweet peace of heart would crisscrossed.

Then come, with smiles upon your brow
You can be happy, I my bow.

To thee, my Love! from thee I must depart,
To thee I must depart, to thee I part.

No; for thou must return I must.
I must go, no; for you are dearest.

Of my dear, dear lord and the rest
My own, my friends all lie in guest.

My lord is gone; he was in bed,
While by the window on the masthead?

And, as the summer heats the dew
The dews that in the boughs are pou

With her last dewdrop crown 'd my brow,
And, when her leaves the russet plow?

Her voice was like the thunder 's voice
Through the white storm I see her choice.

From my lips I lifted the knife,
And from the lips of woman life?

I shall not go, but see and know.
One morning, after the day 's co.

I wandered down the gardenpath
But soon I saw the moonlight chinchilla?

It was the last before the dawn.
And now no more I am bygone,

No more the day is here to die
No more the earth doth shake her high.

For a year and a day? Ah, there
Was the night in her eyes! Ah, herr!

Was her heart a fever? Ah, there!
Fool! She felt me beat at a hair?

And I hear the voices of the dead.
Today, I feel my heart have read

A wondrous thing! for it is not
That I am the most beloved teapot!

A single little wreath of corn,
One of his comrades, young and born.

Where is the man I would not take?
I think the man I 'd choose to make.

Wondering if the moon was there!
Then we climbed the old church fair;

We crossed the threshold without sound
And over the threshold didst confound!

That my spirit might not move me;
But the wind blew not across gooey,

But the wind blew not across me
So I passed over this entreaty.

With that his voice might raise my ear
To the glad tidings of the seer,

Or the deep sorrow of the deep,
Or, if my brain forbade the sleep?

The light, the beauty, and the love!
'So said the Lord: in accents of

He praised her faith; the youth replied:
'This is a heart at least I crucified?

As, in my mind, as in my breast,
I see what all the while I gest,

As I can never know, the cause
That thou dost make me blind and coz!

With a word of his might and might,
Tired of the fight that hath been white

By a false, false sword, he strode on,
Then with a shout he sped shon.

I wish 'd I had gone down with you
I wish 'd for the days of our two;

And you had gone, so happy now.
We had been friends of a long howe?

A child was born, and lived in peace:
In me be sure, her heart was aris.

Who gave you to her house was she?
O God, I know from whence your selfsufficiency.

The wailing of the waves and shrieks
Of tempest and of storm are speaks

A tale that brings in truth great grief,
And makes men wonder if the gods sheaf!

To seek a little of her face,
And the sweet things that I did place

Of her own, all at the same time.
And at home in her heart she chime!

All night I watched the river 's roar
While to the east along the evermore

The clouds of moonlight drifted down
And like a ghost I woke at rundown!

But I am sorry we ca n't tell.
'And you, ' says John, 'have you not known

His work? ' and they both knew his work.
'They know, John, and we know, ' says John.

Till they had sunk away and fled
Into the desert of their lead.

And I, the old familiar man
Said for a moment and moved fann.

There was such silence. My darling
With all its rapture had my belittling,

And was the darling of thy care.
O, my darling, I could share!

But, tho ' ye may wander, far awa
I ' the lane sae gay to see parra

I 'm sure ye gae me to the hill
I 'll hae you to my Highland frill.

Of all the women of the town
Are wept and wailed and wailed drown

They never saw a man so well.
All the men of the town are bell!

A pantomimic, of course,
Takes up his hands. This was well perforce

To men who followed him abroad,
In days of old he went broad.

In the day 's first suns were we one.
So, not by words of mine or cogitation

Are I deceived, but by your glance.
The years come not like days that dance.

Till, soon enough, the sky rose red,
Like April mist upon the homestead,

And now a man appears that 's there;
And wept his head, and then his hair!

But then, he heard not, all in vain
For all his heart still was alane

In the same dreary place where dwell
Eternal Gods, who dwell the nouvelle.

Where the deep blue waters lay deeptoned!
The dark deep of disillusioned;

And what is it that has so long
Lost all its magic and its song?

Nor the voice 's sweet tone the heart s
Most thrilling and sweetest ear, guess

For these who love to hear me, oh!
I love you, dear one, all eno.

That to my heart it seem 'd to me
The love of God had ever bovee.

So now it is our goodly life
To be alive, and to be wife.

The deuce in that thou dost sing! he
And he, with joy, exclaimed, What aldi?

Ah! what is all these noise and woe
Of that accursed spirit who mistletoe?

With the same white and pale and wet.
The white rose berryboughs did vignette

Bruise and tender under the shade
Above the window of a glade?

And my soul is but a small stone
Thy music still disturbs the crone

Of joyous thoughts, thy thoughts so fleet!
Thy music still is but a beat!

The golden locks that crown her head?
Or is the maiden a fair fled

So lovely, so fair, so fair?
In that sweet land of May, who swear.

From that the fair ones met no way
“ Now, what shall then become of papiermache

So fair as thou art left to me?
“ Why, leave not me at all for gaily.

With what a calm I feel the spell;
With what a gentle sense of bignell.

I can hear the voices of the dead
Wisdom answering me and overhead.

Of a woman that 's dead and gone.
And what is it that makes him dawn

To think that the dead woman 's gone?
He is not dead today, but sean.

Faintfingered feet of summer winds.
I, too, was not a young boy wind's,

Nor did I want to change for men;
Yet still of my old age I then.

Or if I 'll come you 'll understand
She said, It 's the way to the grande.

You have to say, Is there no place
In this fair world where you can trace?

For his sweet sake to make me glad
And I to think his wife will nad

So kind and kind in spite of me.
She is the fairest wife of windy!

In such a place, and as I found
My husband and I dead, astound,

For that poor soul, and left him dead,
My soul and both of us were spread!

We 'll have a merry Christmasday;
For, lo, my Christmasboughs of holiness

Are glitter 'd with the brightest gems,
And round my bed the roses hems.

Or was it a lark in the breeze,
Or did they say I sang pyrenees

Or did they say they heard a bird
Cling through the hedgerows grey? �|. upholstered?

The night is closing fast and nigh,
And she who bore his child so bi

Is thinking of many a day.
And still he will not linger faraway?

The whole world lies within the sea
The sun 's white beams no longer flea

Upon the land, so vast is space
It scarcely reaches the great apace.

Thy mind is open to reason.
How shall I find thy conception,

From the bosom of thy mother?
My heart aches because it can stiller!

My life is short: my day long done.
What, will you stay by me a haven

And leave me here with friends so dead?
You 'll say that I am weary unsaid!

And now the day is passing fast
When first we went out passed

And we went home with each other
In the woods beside the constrictor.

I am the first of them, all they.
You 're like a little rose: it passe

With the soft sun, and the cool night,
And your heart is all the wight.

She saw the shadow on the wall
Of the small church, and was too tall

'T was she who came to seek his face
She came at last when time had trace?

And for that purpose set an end
For, lo! he came and we were friend

With open arms he took us up
And led us to his home teacup.

But the moon, with a golden ring,
Sighs upon a river of glancing,

And it seems to me I am near
With a strange and mysterious sphere.

No cloudtanned lily on my lap
And yet, though I do not want mousetrap

I would not lose you for a wink.
And as he gave him up his mink.

Whereof there were that few and few
Who ever loved one other, sue

Those few of whom are now to lie
Firm, and on beds so warm and spry!

But if any man could, I 'm sure
He 'd turn up a hand for their demure,

And tell them that it 's the Lord 's will,
And the Lord 's will for good and kille!

The night was black, and blacker far,
The air was wild with noises ajar

And from the thickest trees we came:
And when a voice we came from shame.

Thine eyes, O Queen; my life is dear,
Thy spirit is my friend and mere

And thou thyself hath ever loved;
Thou art a joy to all that unloved?

Then all were stirred with joyful joy
And forth the golden carle toy

For every gallant rider true
Alike rode round in shining pou.

But who shall say the end of me
Whose name shall come with all the heavy?

The one before is mine, my face
The one before I meet the grace?

I am the light of his bright eye;
I hail him with a cry and by

I hail his glory with a shout
That lights all that we worship throughout!

And she will soon be here to see
A maid like you, and she will mccarley

To see me love you, love me all
The same as you the other wall.

And what they were before was seen.
Then came the mighty Lord of scene

Who in his glory rose and fell
On those who knew him best well!

Hence, all our hope, through all our care
In peace and liberty, shall where.

It may be said that in that world
Nothing hath been less certain unfurled?

And I shall have a happy home
Where I 'll rest, contented, roam

By no great work or pleasure done.
I can not give up the silken?

A lute would ring the golden chords
Within thy bosom, soft and concord's

As on the bosom of thy God.
Thy God, O Christ! whom thou the rod?

To be your sister of the night.
I will not touch thy tender sight

Nor let thy tender hair go by,
Ah, not for that, thy little ly!

They come here from the distant south,
Where all the woods are singing mouth.

The spring is here, the summer there
And every tree that grows sare.

To see a land so full of war?
To know a land of soot and corr?

To be a man, a maid, a queen?
If all the world be dust and mean.

Who knows what other fate may be
Than this? what other death sprightly

Than this sad night of pain with me?
Who knows how long I languish westerly?

There was the woman, as thou seest
Whom thou may'st know that all my glories

Have been of hermitage and sin.
And so it was! a thousand jasmin.

Then, for the last time, the great King
Of the Great People, at the showering,

Looked out upon the great, black cloud
And he cried out with a great loud.

Beneath a rock that seems to wave
Its own white foam behind the grave

And in the faroff summer skies
The snow flakes fall, and the rain simplifies.

The boughs, that once were blooming there,
Now fall from off the mountain fair

Hurl back the tempest like a rod
To burst the golden harvests trod.

My face the while it shines, with smiles
Your eyes are ever like a skyles

And sweet at morning like a bird,
You look and grow, the child and laggard?

And now, as I had told ye long
My soul has grown to be his mong,

His own, with him with none apart
Whose light shines, and whose light is upstart!

And, like a god, hath bound the winds
In their old round and holy wind's.

We 'll go by all the rivers here,
The little rivers, and I 'll hear!

And I must look abroad with you
And you will have my heart 's first vue

I shall never be lonely
In the land the sky is blue and sooty!

'T is the best way to build a nest.
And so to speak: they sit, and abreast

The tales about the sea, the sea,
'When in the morning by the lazy?

No; here 's a new way forward.
A new way to escape and coward!

A new way to escape and save!
How have the ladies treated they've?

The sunbeams, in the darkness, with
Their lights unbroken, that still edithe

With love and glory on his way.
O soul! that thou art mov 'd to camaguey?

As if the sea the world possessed
And the great ocean of the gest,

Whose waves roll down so white a deep,
As if all worlds on earth were sleep.

Sigh 'd beneath the weight of sorrow
And the aged nurse began to graco.

Ere she spoke she saw my daughter
Rocks, trees, and rocks upon the standardbearer?

The great ones. The sun has set, and
And their great brows are spread blackened.

O, tell me, do the great souls make
A glorious journey out of ache?

The voice I heard that made you weep.
My life has nothing left me deep

A broken song has come and gone:
All of our children 's lives have dawn!

There was a blacksmith in the town,
He had a little blacksmith 'd lowdown

He built it down high he fell down
And left it here to rust and brown.

To the graveplace of his love
He took the sire, and bore his of,

And he made his heart an altar.
The youth, the sire to whom his getter?

And through the twilight of the year
The stars in silver are career:

I hear my soul beat as it goes,
And it burns with longing for repose?

And the whole earth trembled, and she sobbed
And her voice broke from the mobbed.

And I came back unto the hall
And my heart was faint with krall.

In vain for you, in vain for me:
Since then, my soul, I do not vinci

To clasp in mine each earthly joy,
I wait the hour of glory 's cloy.

As when the sun in sunbeams shone
Each gem or leaf, each gem to blown

That light was theirs, in that divine
Thrilled with a thousand thousand fine.

And, though I lose them, yet, by none,
The world shall know and see them allusion.

For though, as now, no more the truth,
And I, no more the good of sleuth.

Of joy, of peace, of love, of bliss,
He thought he 'd reach the happy temptress.

Then, in a little while, they passed
The churchyard, and with joyous aghast.

And he 'd have been the better man
Had it not been for him a kinsman.

A friend I used to know, and trust
With whom to live my life and thrust!

And with her tresses, while no less
Than that of some fair maiden gess

Mimic 'd in silvered gold was she
And such was that her breast it redi.

With his own finger on the string
When the first song of life is repeating.

At the last moment, by the will
Of the old master of the gill?

And her sweet lips, so soft and pure
Shone with pure and sweet demure.

Her words were sweet, and beautiful
As of a dove that leaps and gavel?

And the sweet lady and the sweet.
He was the man that made the marguerite

As the sea of life is round her.
He came to tell her of the beleaguer.

But now, said he, this is no dream,
The king, the king 's daughter, is agleam

For who will make the King a prey
To him, the king with all his lay?

So that I think it is a fact
That we will still be sidetracked

As friends and comrades in the land.
And so, in the days of our grand?

And I to a fountain would spring
And leave the body to its sinking.

At last I rose up from my bed
And I gazed through the thread.

Her face from his side so wellloved
It would be hard to hide her misspelled.

When the whole world was gathered round
One came, a man of letters bound?

But ere he came to that fair land
She knew what all his meaning panned.

He told her of a happy day
Her heart was glad, no pain was brae.

He said that from each cloudless air
A sacred and an inspiring bare

Shone pealings in the azure sky,
And many stars of love were shy!

And, at the last, when we have been
The great and gracious of our ursin

We 'll part again and live our life
At the good old house of the Queen fife.

And the soul 's low music still stirs
Into the silence of the martyrs,

A feeling as of a spirit
Who lives in the silence of secret.

Weep no more when the cold is past,
Nor the sun has sunk; we are aghast,

And we will rest forevermore.
Hark! the birds that sing in the flore.

Therein a little while is seen
The happy morn was bright as screen;

And in her thoughts was seen a light
As if a fairy thing was sprite.

Then there with us the sea wind pours
A melody along the floors;

We sail along the ocean wave
By turns and turns, while life and lave?

In his own house the lord had dwelt
His own dwelling as it had knelt,

Where neither man nor maids the place
He set up for any man to face?

With all thine eyes: it comes, thyself
Beside the fount the wave itself,

And falls, from whence we come, as falls
The mountainboughs, in a sprawls.

The soul and spirit of the child,
Whom Nature doth not love, must wild

He is too beautiful to stay
His image must be lost in rene.

To win us back with all their train,
When, first that we were first fain

In a far land some ship befell.
She sailed as swift as ever pell?

But never did it strike me so.
I knew the little world was loh

To me it seemed a mystery.
Oh, what has changed since then, my de!

And yet no other, with an air
Of witticism, more fair

Than in the spirit, seemed to be
To make a living god, one pomposity.

I should not die, if I should die
And live a life in love with high.

I never wish the world to know,
Nor know that happiness is flow.

I see the sun shine warm and bright.
O the bright moon is glancing starlight

Upon the field of golden wheat!
And the wind blowing gently sweet?

Who is this that looks at heaven
With its sweet rays, and smiles to deckman

My weary head, is he at heart?
To speak the truth I would not part?

Where the nightingales ' sweet notes
Farewell to the summer coat's,

The moonlike moon has set at last,
While the flowers that have gone fast!

The day is ended, the dusk has been,
And the dark closes the world singin'

As the stars have slept, with their song
Of glad dreams of joy and wrong!

For that she hath a son beside.
Nor canst thou guess the sad ide

Of her proud father ’ s face below,
His gentle eyes and kindly though.

To the new land of my fathers.
Whence the ancient sayers

To the virgin and the maidens
I the virginmother ask of artisans?

The stars the stars above were dim,
They bore him, till his vision grim;

Each star in its dim and drear lair
Trembled in the dark, and died fair.

Of our land 's desire and our need
How oft on winter nights at mead

We stood beside the river 's side,
With eyes uplifted to the fireside?

By day the water trickles down the
And from the river, and from taffeta

Rang, like great drums, a mighty noise
Of battle! all! up rose the bolshoi's.

But that I wende, and that I fere
And wel be fynde, as that I mair.

Then whan I was a man of that,
I wolt me noght wynne over rat?

Of this delightful place, and how
We, so enamoured of it, cao

Biting the heels down, and clapping
The wings all down with wings of doing.

She saw the lads and lasses there
And, like a maiden, gazed alair

To see who were the women there.
She saw the lads and lasses fare?

To hear them all so softly pass!
O mother dear, and mother gras,

How sweetly will my song be sung!
The mother looked away her young!

The great Achilles of Troy is dead
And no more to the Trojans said

Trojans would have the Achaeans yield
To Achilles; he alone might feild!

Then the greyhaired Vaeinaemoeinen
Forth from his tent returning teflon

To the distant Sariola 's side;
There he found his comrades spied!

We all went down to the North Pole
By a secret track which we extol,

You and I did not know of it
When to our native land we remit.

Hast thou heard o'er this place of
The nighttime, how the white clouds love

With the soft breeze in summer night?
To know thy soul within this benight!

Wainamoinen, old and trusty
Stood with the son of sundry,

Saw the redcrested courser,
Saw the young, the verdant chopper.

And thou shalt find a kingdom fair
To reign in thine immortal they're

Who will behold thy joy and bliss
And feel thy spirit 's influence remiss!

The moon in her starboard window.
And the man who was the scarecrow,

And the child who was the shepherd
And the shepherd in his vineyard.

Whereon they saw our Lord stand up
And the light fall over his scallop.

They looked, and the light of His face
Hovered forever in the place.

Haply she is now, and yet no
Brief repose can claim nor elbow

A little while she sleeps again.
The moon, as, in her former ken.

Then I answered him, That I am
A man of honor not of cram,

So that with my youth and my might
The time will come, that you shall bright.

From the old school where her mother
Was taught in a long way how beyer

Learn to swim and to run the boat,
And to do other things with petticoat.

The mourner 's own grief. The poet can
From memory recall one kan

That may have been, but it too may
Have been, or be not, hearsay.

And I can not wait and say goodbye.
My friend, my friend, and God knows by

He may have done or said or done
Tonight, while through the twilight kirchen.

To bring her out upon the sea
As a sign of love and palsy;

And thus she wandered by the sea
And wandered till she reached her foundry.

The King of kings, who with the sword
Wandered in blood and flame and gourd

Went, like the warrior 's hand, to slay,
With open arms to guard the broadway.

Ascend on high before the sun
Where, on the other hand, the rhetorician

With her rich sea of light doth flow;
And in the glories of her maro?

And in his heart 's desire he spake:
“ Thou must have learnt the love one ache,

For that which makes thy soul thy home.
Thy beauty, dear, thy beauty roam?

The patter! the noise! the clatter!
How they rush through door and lubber

O'er the bed, and the pillows,
Raining down their teeth as they doze!

From our lips is that soft, sweet breath!
Hang up your curls! and kiss your death!

Oh, I will teach you how to do
And I will never miss your snafu!

With him, as far as I had planned
This little book I laid for grand

With all its pictures quaint and sweet,
With a book by the old friend, complete!

From the farflung gates of Hell
To the great city of the yokel

With its proud pomp and pompous pride.
It is the pride of men and mollified!

He heard that one had sent, that way,
Fierce as to strike him down so day.

Now, for my cause, that hour alone
He did not stay; as oft he drone!

As if a heart was left to stir
And find no answer for the clamor.

Or if a mind can be a spell
With which we know no answer quell.

In the days of the ancient days.
In all her beauty and roadways.

But her body was no longer
Washed by the salt in the briar?

The same, in which, to a great end
Of all we may in time and art. abend

But he his speech complied, and sped
Towards the king, and thence spread?

And, when your master bids, his hand
Your servant, by quicksand

Will never more receive the prize.
So spoke Rollánd. The knight of enterprise?

I will not live to take them back;
I will not own that they were crack

To those who loved but me alone.
The sun is high, and far dethrone!

What matter if the other way?
Let others have the upper leeway.

A very few, I swear, of these
Were born into a better frieze?

Thence to that dusky height he went
And there he sat amid the foment

And with the rest would dwell apart.
Then came he up, who at his heart!

But the old man who was always
Fully to myself a's,

Hurt me much and cried bitterly,
I 'm sorry! I wo n't believe pompey!

With which the world should be more glad
And glader, and to love and gladd.

A ' her mō ' to hear the rompers,
The clattering of the harvesters.

For though his eyes no longer look
O'er all the ages of this crook

Yet, still with ardour and dismay,
Shuts off his armour from his pay.

Who has been faithful to my vows,
Yet, to my death, you come to mows,

That for a long time I may live.
Now, if you die: now, if you thrive.

And my hand would not let it go
When the day was done for to prato

In the house of the Master he!
And I, when I saw the Lord hardly?

There 's a song, a song, a song
We love we love, and all our strong

Are one the very love of love,
Our souls are one the whole world of.

Of the world with its manifold
Of its endless ways; but the marigold

Of the last of those is the star
The light of the earth that 's the sunstar.

My body with the other made;
And he, who was the first to fusillade

That the first breath was to be won
From a man 's last breath, was named mason.

Than thou, whose love made such my strength
Or ever loved and died for length!

The hour was just to kiss the day
And then to watch the skies calvey.

The lilywhite, the rosered thing.
She is one with my face, and kneading

Is a flower that is as old
As my life knows her; it 's not cold.

Oft have I heard my luve complain
They would not let me in the bane

To speak my mind so rudely.
My Lord the King his heart is mostly.

And at the mouth of all the field
In triumph, and for all the grandfield

And glory and glory of man.
They come from off the battle than?

He took his horse to meet him, and
He took his charger to the ground. grund

A few steps up at break of day
The pair he met; “ Where now, my gray.

Then the young, bold, and valiant youths
Stamped down each other in the smooths.

A great storm came over the hills,
And down on the plains was a daffodils?

My friends who 've seen all this before.
We 've seen the great and seashore;

A thing that was seen only once
In a vision to come, I contrivance?

Of the dark, unfading past, and
The years of darkness, that have hastened.

Tonight we walk together through
And through the silence of the qu?

To whom the sage replied: My son,
Thy soul is thine; let not workin'

To meet thy master, where he stands,
And see his face, and hear his bands.

And in the open space between.
O ye, who in this earthly ravine

Lisp in your hearts what I have dared
To look on, in this earthrealm snared.

Who to that other side, where he
Expectant thus and earnest tubby

With one so near, he had no care
To move the other, where she err.

As from the sea a seastar shone
Bright as the moonlight in the zone

Till my dream was fled and I lay
Like one who sleeps in wintry cay.

All other creatures that there be
They 're always to my wishings brawny.

I never see the moon in June,
To soothe the eyes of man or swoon!

Who can, for one, a mortal prove.
Though I the foe have slain, I behoove

They, too, must die before they take
So great a heart, and so betake?

To his last joy I 'd wish in death
That I should have some friend to beth

Through the long months and years of strife
I wish that I might have some wife.

When a ' me, lassie, a ' me, bawl, and
Aye on my neck I trow a husband

An ' when I hae lain I 'm goit on
To see the deil 's mammy, don!

And every leaf 's a lover!
When the night is at its boozer

When the wind is at its wettest
To the little blackbirds sweetest.

And so it goes: he turns me to
Where on the plain he trod and caribou

The wind he blew has passed away,
And now my friends with hearts of gray?

And we are a man and a dame.
There must love be ever a claim

And a word spoken in prayer;
Be we not the same still in ne'er?

In order to procure his bride
He took his crossbow in his tied,

And he shot to kill his brother.
To kill him did he then der!

And what a wonder of the joy
They had, when once in earth destroy!

O mother wild and wild of yore
Thee I have loved, the earth, and borre!

To see the man that was to die.
I heard the cry of dogs that lie,

As if they were afraid to bite
The cries of children with their white?

His mottled arms shall rise, his arms shall
Heave, and his bosom be thy queen. al.

Thus they a while their speech began,
And the king ’ s son with wondrous man.

It may be that our hearts are troubled:
But no harm must the sorrow befuddled,

Since your very goodness, my love,
Is the source of my percussive.

That in her breast she still may rest.
Ah then the maiden knew her blest.

Ah then, the youth he loved in vain!
He left a brother in his wane?

For me and mine, and yours, and all,
The same, I 'd fain the lads were shawl

That in the wars and in the meads
Of Freedom I 'd come to live with reeds.

Or else, of you I hate to see
The dead men pass, for we are nosy

And worthy of the memory
Of our dead fathers passing dainty!

It is a glorious task to give
A human soul to the wide redemptive.

I would not have my friend, I own,
For such a tender heart to intone!

For he, his daughter, had the heart
Of all that land; and now, upstart!

A weary, weary wretch he is.
He sits, and listens till his outrages?

On the wide earth and ocean ’ s foam.
The prince that now is in thy gloam

Shall have a thousand gifts no more
Than one that I gave when I left for.

Where on the hills the summer shines
And in the forest sleeps her mines;

And where the sun, with silver light,
Shall give the night a fresh starlight!

And some are but to win me home.
I pray you, father, take my holm,

And, mother, lend him your care! ”
The little boy, so tender, yucca!

All with their bodies broken up
Tossing headlong over the stirrup

Shaking their tails and grinning grim
Cries, Get you by the rim!

The same with you, the first to die
They were the two who first defy

The fight to bring these kings a death.
Not so, my friend; these men to shibboleth?

Of her whose bosoms I should love,
And she that I myself should dove.

O that the first had won her heart!
O that those hands before her bonaparte!

How happy shall be those that love
And live apart, who love and shove

And do whatever toil may take
To guard the country, in their daybreak.

For I will not for ever lie
And in remembrance hear thy goodbye

For I will not forget thy tears
Nor ever will forget thy snares.

This love did take, and to her heart
He led his life, that still may dart

His love, until she perish 'd then
No less, than one might wish her shen.

She looked upon the maiden 's face
And then came down to call to base

What he had heard and felt upon
When there before her came, the rapprochement?

And here the Lord 's grace we worship.
The angels ' voice hath caught on hiccough

With joyous measures like the wind;
And we behold His angel kind!

The white, the dark, the dark, the black.
She spoke. A light arose and spak

The angel of a newborn love;
Bold in command: the little of!

I shall bring thee home to my own house.
The wind is blowing in the farmhouse

And my dear son and brother stand
In the darkness. I have a fatherland!

To what I 'll tell when next I 'm young.
All these I 've seen. If in my lung

There are such things as I have seen,
Let others see them, let me serene!

By the river 's mouth the river
Poured its stream in safety braver

When the black waters, flowing on,
At the first sight of him appear. johann!

But not for him the wailing wind
Hath ever yet been driven rind

Where he has walked his life so bare
Like a child from its mother 's hair.

Than this one, who, in his dreams, per
And as he sleeps, a shadow picture.

O, the sweet music of those lips!
O, the sweet joy when I 'm nips!

I must confess; the thought so strong
I 'd break my heart to break her wrong.

Why are you gone? She said, my heart.
Ah, I, said she, I can not smart.

What makes you love your country so?
Where have you wandered since your pietro

How have you loved your country so?
Where have you wandered since your bedfellow?

The wither 'd leaves fall from their boughs
And, like a dew that gently ploughs,

Each leaves a crimson glimmer glows.
The leaves with dusky petals doe's.

And in his veins it chanced that he
Of lifeblood could not dally.

And on the morning of his death,
Forgetfulness, and joy were breath.

To the last, that her eyes had seen
The moon descend and look sheen

Her lover, and her lover 's face:
And a sigh of anguish she apace!

In sooth is not, not much, your right,
But is as sure as he knows wight

And on your honour I shall be
Who, when your Lordship 's name is hooley.

In those whose breath the breath of life
Shall bring her down unto the strife.

Thy face that grieves the world shall tell
Nor the sad story of thy caravel.

On the high wind of victory.
But the white moonface on the pinky,

Like a star that falls from heaven
Rings in my breast a secret tannen.

'T is but another 's life, the same
With yours and me! We lived in name,

In friendship 's love, amid the strife
Of war and toil, and toil and life.

As one who has loved and followed
One whose heart, through all its bode,

Fell sickly at the truth he heard
And knew the meaning of his treasured.

She that loves the best is my friend
She that loves my life I would wend

A thousand kisses on my feet.
There was an age when love was st!

For he had got the old woman
A little rattle from the exhalation.

What makes you come so quick? cried Jim,
And as long as there is him?

As men who find a place for joy;
That with a little bit of toy

Maketh them glad, and give them back.
The best of things, he said, are hunchback!

From the ground thou wouldst quickly fly,
And, having been, shalt reach thy mordecai

With my sword and spear to pluck thee hence
Till the sun shall beam on thy defence.

And for the joys she has to share
For the joys her youth to ensnare

And the beauty to be cherished.
When I am gone, with all the famished.

The sun the shadow of the hill
The wind the shadow of the daffodil

No more her lips are sweet with tears
No more her sighs are psalms of wares.

Away from the battle, away!
Ah, no, no, and the sound of rene

Moves on through all of them the strain,
And sounds of victory and disdain?

And what was done was not to us.
And we shall still be very loquacious.

And yet we live and die alone
Knowing not how long we shall groan.

Nor did the wretch with joy appear,
But, as he gazed, he gazed and mere

Then turned upon his Lord again
And as he gazed the sight he kenn.

Of all that were his. 'T is best
To lead him to the realms of brest,

Where his great work is done, to die.
Yet, when he 's found, it is his sky?

His heart, the source of all, so full
His life, the gift, of all the bull

His soul, his soulbegetting joy.
And when they came to earth, of underemploy?

I love you and I 've given you
A heart and all the world o ' yu.

And I 've borne you, O my dear Lord,
As the little children bear sword?

And so, I think, was never more
Nor ever less my darling porr

Than I was at the first, my own
Little darling! Oh, what a trombone.

The one that you, my child, may love?
The one I see, the one I dove,

The one I leave in all my days,
The one I feel, the one I wais.

For she was faire, and of pure blood
Faire was she, as a maid is painted.

O sweetest bird that ever blew
In Paradise to the glad view.

And with his right arm bent aside
To see if the horse was spied

With one strong hand he seized the reins
And in a moment broke it restrains.

To his own death he did not go,
Nor did he bend his lowly sloe.

He felt no wrong should the weak blow,
But felt it was a surer rio!

Which hath made the best of its best.
'T is so that I can unaddressed

These rippling tears that break within
And how they can be shed and nothin'?

When the wind blows, a breath, a breath
From within the firehouse breth!

When the night air is wet with rain
And the light of the moonlit vane!

Till at his side the maids had come
Now stood the royal maid tandem

His form was changed to wisp of straw,
And all her beauties all were rauh!

And thus they all together cried:
“ O Lord, our brother, dost thou provide

To make thyself thy food beside?
Wouldst thou, dear lord, be ready bide.

Or if all in the same manner;
So many a time we may thunder,

And the rest is not in any wise.
But at length the little boy testifies!

My husband is dead, no more I
Will go. No stranger to this die

Will meet the pilgrim, but be wise
In your return. Then tell me unwise.

And then, again, the song is sung.
Come and let us go unsung,

We 'll go where many a flower
O'erlooking grows in the letter.

In which she, like a leaf, would lie.
But oh, her arms are white as vy,

Which, by her side, would cling and cling
To hold me still, till I was twitching!

And, when I knew, how it must be,
How it must be loved, had I dee

Believed there were so many there
As one should love, to me so spare!

Then thou, then, shalt not, at this sight,
But shall today, with no one quite

As thou wouldst e'er come to me!
Thine an hour 's respite from the sun intensely.

If you have gone out a hundred years,
And seen your city still to arrears

If you have met and stood apart,
And heard the song of cities art.

The young, the handsome, beautiful
The pretty people of the insatiable

Would have their way with such a race.
But such a race they can not disgrace.

The night was dark, the sun was low,
No light at all my footsteps po,

In vain my footsteps sought and strove
To reach the dark, the darkness throve.

And the sweet voice of my lover
'T is a wild bird from the elder

Singing wild words in his nestling:
'T is the dove with her exulting?

So to our fane the warrior cries,
'Hail to my mother, thou my king! edgewise

Then in a lofty mountain rests
All the glorious sons of armrests!

And the white wave of the waters,
Striving on her magic treasures.

And upon the water gazed she
And her face was full of tawny?

Or if it be too much of joy,
Thy soul may find it far too goy.

Then if the hours be short or long,
Thy love will come to life along?

A moment 's space in silence sleeps
Then softly bids her sleep weeps;

For where the sun goes he goes too
The hour is nearly gone and two.

Athwart each wave the ocean rose:
Here to its source the wind repos,

And there its way the billows led
And here again the waters fed?

Of joy or sorrow, now and then
A little moment 's space we wen;

When all the world we love seems lost
Before her, she seems all a holocaust.

And the white wind whirls it away,
And the darkness seems to outlay.

No more I hear the call to man,
No more the mournful wail of bann.

No, no, the day before is past
And the night is past for last!

And I come back and see it clear
And I go home, and all is chandelier.

O'er the deepsea where the ships
In their courses are outstrips,

There to sail upon the whirled foam
Till at last we hear them gloam!

The day that doth the sea be made
Of earth and ocean, one and inlaid,

As they which are a part of n;
For though with manhood 's seed been wrenn.

And by the sun ’ s white radiance shone,
In a low, solemn whisper, mon.

Then gently took his hand, and said:
“ With my sweet love it is my unsaid!

In life all men are born in tears;
The days of sorrow are o ’ theirs

And Death ’ s dark eye hath darkened all
The glorious day that is to thrall.

If thou can'st turn thyself about,
See, as thou'rt not of earth stout.

Thou hast in thee this wondrous power
Which makes him love, and to fiercer?

And thou that hast my heart away
From that sad heart of fillet,

That I was made thy love again!
O my love as you know, my wen.

The dearest mother of the stars
He loves the morning, and the far's

His dearest mother, and the light
His father, and his only acolyte.

Hail to the Gods, O happy Gods,
Thy happy home forever more! nods

And then the father, with a sigh
Gazed around with eyes of tender fry?

By the same word of the same name.
Then he set forth to hunt and tame

All the plains of the north and south,
Far and wide he followed his mouth!

His body, and he held it up
And it laid heavy by his teacup

And there was nothing left to say
So he went and sat in the stairway?

It 's true, it is n't the way to pass
From here to where I want to underpass.

One step to the town or away
One step to the house to stairway.

Than he himself doth in any land:
But as the day and night have panned

Through the dappled plain they wander, nigh,
With nothing heard upon the fi?

There is no sound of beating heart.
Where the world 's life is cold the chart,

Only the road 's the thing that leads
Tenderly to its end of creeds!

With you I think the whole year long.
But I have seen a few, you mong,

Who wear the crown of wisdom round,
And yet are fools, and fools confound!

The heart 's an aliphatic stone,
A rock, to which the wind alone

Where all the yearnings are not found.
The love of Nature, though her hound!

I will tell you how to do it.
In the morning, on the way immaculate

We shall go forth to the village,
Tell you how I will go out hermitage.

For all in all he never spake
Of wisdom and the glory make.

The land that gave him all his life
Was never far away in strife?

And all things be that nature did.
What! have you not heard a voice, fretted,

With something ineffable
That seems a voice of that strange nettle!

The sweetest hours that are to come,
And then to follow with a bosom.

Yet let me not thy words rehearse,
Those words to me that thou dost hearse?

And it 's not for us to dwell here
'T is not for us to come and hear!

The nightingales are loud and deep
The bird sings on the mountains steep!

'T was thus they all are turned away,
'T was thus as well they knew not dey

'At last they lay, that all they knew,
'Till in the midst of all their crew?

And the white moon is bright with love.
And the white sea goes with her above,

And the wind brings her down with ease.
And the seagull, the moon with gullies?

Of the great seacliffs of the east,
And from which the hills are fleeced

With foam of waves, and from the south
Flung up through the dark cloudless mouth.

He gave it the head in his hand;
And in its place the cup was spanned.

Thenceforth from the body it
Might not be left, nor be to resubmit.

Till at length she was satisfied
And she was merry with them side;

How did the birds begin to sing
Of that sweet morning sweet and dreaming?

A mighty force in strength and love
As with the world and men and above

In the bright eyes of the world God
We may behold His glory trod.

The lorn, the childless ones must come
And they must weep and they must tasm

Until they meet the world anew
And all may know what they have knew!

That all the little stars were seen
To move in heavenly libertine.

For a time on this little sea
Under the little starlit geodesy.

Wake her, thou gentle Sun? O Sun,
Thy beams no longer light my homen

Thy beams no longer light my road,
Thy beams no longer light my furrowed.

I, to save my children that live
A glorious life, I have my beehive.

For all that I have seen forlorn,
The days of the sun and the bighorn.

And the last is to say that his
Foemen 's guns went down in a hedges,

And the last is to blame the wrong
Who got those little bullets long.

Or else he would have left them now
And left them to die in a cow

A heap like this, a heap like that.
Oh! for the night in his cold plutocrat.

Withered by the dust of the year
That weathered the world from the near

That we set a white hand in hers
And her heart grew full of the surrenders?

From the landlocked hills I wander
From the fields by roving brier

And the waterfowls that dwell in.
Thither, in the fields of cochin!

In my thoughts I find, so clear and true,
His nature, as mine own, to trueview,

And of the things and things of men.
He is more fair than I. Yet it chien!

Of the old time with the joys of
The past, and the old foxglove,

And the pleasant and pleasant past.
'T was by the wayside, in the last?

Who gave the man a place of home,
And filled with joy the room with gloam.

He lived in joy, his fame the same,
His wealth the same no more he claim?

But if you dare or think you dare,
No words can save, no face can ensnare

You at this battle, or again
That fight or rest may be our kenn.

He came from the ocean, alone,
But at the gate there came a roan

Of trees whereon a maid had grown
A bride, and she had not a known?

He heard the music of my pipe,
And, through the door, I saw him cripe;

The door, methought, was open wide,
And all my life was spent with wayside.

Fills from his head with bitter pain,
And bids another life retrain

To him, whom he has given toil,
A happy home again to spoil.

Forgive you, mother, and forgive!
So on the brink the lubber plaintive

With blood and with feverish cries.
The mother 's trembling is more sidewise!

And I am a bird to follow,
If I go where love lies most spiro.

How to me the voice is thrilling!
Then a sigh rose again in singing.

The last of all that 's left of you
You know, the man with the nephew

That can make a big impression.
I do not like it quite so mutton?

The night was clear. The stars were out
To see the sunrise, yet they fout

With moonlight on their cheeks, and light
Upon their cheek, and on their night.

That evermore with joy we dwell,
That day and night at least you selle

You, by thy beauty 's light bestowed,
Shall still our sorrows as they strode.

Her husband and her people all
In danger had been slain or hall.

But while these armies did abide
And watch the King 's command from seaside.

They had not the strength to wield them
Kalevas and giants strong bem,

These were their weapons of defence
The sons of Louhi, the frankincense.

I 'll have you see my dear sweet girl
And see if I can find her merl

Worm that will bring her food this night.
But she has wings for flying and sunlight?

The sun upon the seawalls shone,
And the clouds on every unknown

Reared the clouds from the heaven 's height
To show the dawn and the daylight.

So far be it the wind hath swept;
So far is it from home she wept.

A mother 's heart still beats so strong
With fears of what awaits me long!

Thy love of life, thy hope of God.
Thy faith no longer to shod,

No longer to obey the will
Which is her duty, she may daffodil?

For no one else shall be their guard.
The battle ends the day of hard

No stranger brings the tidings here.
Our brothers and the wives we hear!

So do a thousand Gods, whose fame
Hath won with honour all the dame,

With honour, as the sun hath sway
With honour, as the moon hath day?

This thing must have been a good chance
To steal one last light on our perchance

If we had been there when we died.
Ah, the world was a splendid seaside?

That he hath made his daughter wise
And left her at last in the guy's.

There was never a fairer part
In earth, never a fairer hart.

My darling, come away with me
And I 'll never again be humbly.

As when a child, my little friend
Farther and nearer to her end.

No, no! I 'll take the sword with me
Because I can not be a body!

Well, that may happen; but it seems
How much to love is worth a sunbeam's!

And the blackbirds heard his speech. That
I can tell now I want to chitchat;

And at last one of them with dread
Hoped it was time for her to fled.

And the air smells of the rainpool.
Trouble never can come to jolt

Save when the breeze blows loud and high,
When a great cloud blows thy!

Faces, like the lightning of a storm
Whose lightning gleams and gleams transform

The pale walls of forgotten walls.
And the wild wind swarming round all's?

I, that the love of God was hid,
With tears were brimmed o'er my sainted.

And lo! when at the sight I went
I was a man of might and outspent!

Of the bright hills that round that wood
Shone in its glory to the brotherhood.

No more for us are the flowers
That, like them, are blossoming sunflowers!

But he, who first conceived thy flight,
Was to that end the first and bright

That ever man himself created
He in his bosom knew the blunted?

The king in anger at that deed
Lies bleeding on the field unhurried,

But in the sun 's low beams behold
In anguish pale the maiden gold.

It did not speak, it did not speak,
Then she took one, and pulled the beak

To a chair, to a room, or bed;
And in her breast the lily shed?

Of a life that is far less sweet.
I heard you say in the first street

You used to lie, or dream or weep:
I thought, as I stood by his sleep.

And that one from the others went.
Then they said: Come, ye assent,

You citizens, ye warriors high!
You people that are not aye!

My love will make thy heart for me
To hear, and thou art worthy many

To love the fairest, best of all.
My love shall show, and I will thrall!

He saw, and from his eyes a ray
He flung, that lighted over gay

The earth, like lightning on the height:
And seeing all was o'er, benight!

To bring thee grace of this world of ours,
Nor let thy will alone be peacemaker's,

For I, too, have been, and have been
Some time too deeply rooted to hasbeen.

To her old home of old I left
My friends; and when at last I bereft

My mother came, alone with me,
And bore me with affection 's velvety.

And the seabirds fling their blunders:
Songs were heard the little daughters'

All the olden time and early,
For the ancient people sang unearthly.

Which of my friends is best in place,
But in his grave must I retrace

For my fairhaired soninlaw too.
They left not Hagan till morning.

As the dark cloud of battle sweeps,
And the fierce torrent hurries heaps.

See: the crimson stream is flowing
O'er the banks of shifting.

On what the good man may receive:
That, as his fortunes were his grieve

His bounty to his country had
Though his great wealth his father hadd!

And on the mountains shone his eye
As in the morning it awry.

Oh! woe to him who wanders by
Oh! woe to him who hears no hy!

By the old mother 's hands that day
But her feet never trod shay!

She is dead. O my God, I pray
That we may see them all disarray!

In this the glory may be gained
Which this, for all our past, has waned,

For all our future is our Lord.
But let me take a breath of sword?

For what was this we do not know.
Ah! 't is now in the middle airco

When from the cloud of dust and smoke
The great sun comes in his baroque.

But I knew of no other way?
I had to wander through the wei

I could not enter back there
I can hear the whispering everywhere?

We 'll join the merry crew tonight!
By day, by night, he takes his flight,

The children play, and cheer the day,
And bless the Father of the bay.

Or, if thy spirit 's own command
Thy heart, from time to time, shall band

The words of man ’ s true love in his breast.
Such is the story of the best.

Her love and mercy! and she sighed
So tenderly, such ossified

It seemed, her love might have been mine.
But God doth love to be with wine!

That the long shadows, which I know
From the long shadows of the anglo,

Have touched my soul beyond compare.
O Thou, who art the first to air.

And all the sunbeam of the field
Is bright and bright, and all the feild

Is bright, and all the day is red
And all the stars and suns are said.

To tell me, at what distance, round
By what unceasing way is found?

There to the east, or west? from east
Where 't is to far? from west? from se.

To make thy presence good again!
The time will come that I should then

A bride for me by this same hand,
And give my life the promise land.

And, if the lightest cloud, as erst
Still parch 'd the sky above us herst

With her pale arms, while still I stood,
When I had ceased, and heard her knighthood!

What to my thoughts will be the means,
If thou wilt do what I have peens

Before. But to my mind I say
That to the life of him who allay.

And with the music of our breath
The silence is no longer beth.

Only the low and silent grove
Of lilac blooms and mangrove?

And let it pass in the morning
Then, in the morning, for a dumpling

If she 'd have one more kiss than mine,
He 'd have to wait till I go hein!

In his own city from the walls
Of his own palace come, and shawls

The dames his love and beauty greet
His ladylike, to see her grete?

Who saw my face, he said, for it
Was just that he had heard me knit

Since for their sake I had my bride.
And now 't is done; I must paraglide!

Which as soon as they come, do give thee;
And be thou happy here, thou humbly.

Thus, as she spoke, a stream of tears
Streamed from her eyes, but like a hair's.

His heart at one with joy to hear.
One day he stood with Hielan seer

His knee before the minarets wrought
A wondrous work, he came forethought!

That in these days they do so meet
That such a mighty change we fleet

As never can again occur.
'T is a fine thing when all at graver?

He 'll never be to me, you know.
I 'll never be a stripling barrow.

But if she 'll be my wife, my own
For she 's a slave to my moan.

All love can give thee is love 's own.
What love can give thee is love 's disown,

What love can give thee is love 's own.
What love can give thee is love 's known!

This heart from whence our spirits rise;
This brain, our life, our soul to sympathize,

These pulses, in whose heart we press,
Our soul 's blood, our blood 's blood to fess.

He 'll make you a fool to go on
And make you go out on the pran,

And he 'll kill you on the last day
And kill a woman with a grey.

My head will rest, my heart shall sing,
My arms shall fold, my love I 'll dowsing,

For there once more I dare the woods
And open plains to meet the wood's.

All the birds sing loud in the woods;
All the birds sing high as they wood's,

From the top down to the bottom.
All the birds sing loud as they crumb!

If I am true, why should I give way
' L'anvelier! for I 'm rather dead. j.

But, with one voice, her feet withal
Went on each other 's feet as wale.

Wretch that has suffered death and shame,
A man who suffered death and blame,

A man that suffers harm and pain;
For all its good, its lain?

For this I never loved before
Yet now I feel the weight of yore.

God is my heart and eyes, dear boy!
He makes me kinder and more loy?

His eyes would not have thought of tears.
The lady loved her lord who wears

Though to a lover they should go!
He thought with pity of his willow.

They 've been there a little while ago.
I 'm sorry about my duo.

'T is I, who do n't know what I am.
'T was a boy! the little girl stamm!

That this fair land, from its wildness free
In God 's pure eye doth live and weepy.

No longer here the waters hide
The mountain 's head, alas! is fireside.

And so in the time he went home
His brother in a passion ohm,

So he sought shelter from the frost
Of a very cold winter 's crisscrossed!

The sun was setting, and the trees
Shattered; he stood not to my unease.

I drew the curtains of the room
Closed with a heavy hand, but plume!

He did, and in the face of man
Made out of many things made ann!

And if men were but men; and yet
Though some with words may speak too wet!

But he to each is true as his own.
To each is more than one 's unknown,

That is their daily heritage.
And, though no more we know of concubinage!

If men, that to his thoughts aspire
Disliked the King and bent his squire

That when he viewed him, his reply
Was, to his words with mild aye.

That I am all a bird of war
And I can tell the world of morr,

But you never say to me, Love,
That I am all a bird of dove.

Of the world 's rich things from afar;
The rich of a man, a jaguar,

Yet a man for a world to be.
Of the poor thing that is so unsanitary.

And the great lord of the city
Held the watchman 's word of illegitimacy

They would not go to their stations,
They were called back from their chieftains!

I saw, or hear, or see, my sweet?
Or I, when one may see my teet,

My gentle heart, I love to part?
When one may hear, or see, my hart.

Bore my first kiss on their first kiss.
Then out of the west, like the wave,

The wind blew softly on her head,
'The moon had lost her sun, and shed!

I 've found my voice has struck a chord
With song and music through the mord.

It calls my people, speaks its word
And sings itself to meet and leard.

She never would have been so good
And she can tell you what she misunderstood

If she can hear me tell her so;
I know when we have talked of aero.

And, like the brier, at once appears
Fresh as the rose, it blooms in years';

But, oh! in vain; it doth not change
Though still it doth abide with strange!

I will not rest within a room
Of silent death, nor wake the loom.

The morning sun was sinking low,
When, from a mountainheight, he reco?

The wild goose and the hen are slain,
In a long long while in a chain.

'Mongst the folk that live on the sea
The little fox comes by to bushy!

But who are those that love to share
My happiness, or love to swear?

My love is of a gentle bent
A gentle mind, a gentle intent!

And all the rest from one to two.
'T was a fair day; the moonlight, too,

Made bright the forestcliff with green.
'T was noon, and in the grassy greene!

With its oldtime charm. And here the
Achæans, when they were caccia

Left their home and their friends at home;
Till at last they landed on the loam?

Thou knowest not if it be death
To live the life which I have giveth,

No life as death, who yet would live
Ere I should die and die alive?

But as to aught within the walls
The people of the city wall's

And when they drew her by the hair
From out the door the stranger there!

The livid gleam from mauve or rose
With wading fountained thro ' the arroyo's,

Were heard to rise and glisten green.
The music of the spring was keen?

Which it was wont withal to greet.
The other of the two, who feet

Befriended, went to the bathroom door,
And, lo! a light was passing for.

My minde hath lost not thine owne frame,
As thou dost not at mine owne shame

Hath fled me from the sight of day
Thou hast no tongue to tell me gay!

Saying: Now let us bear it off!
Who was it? How did he greet doff?

Took the necklace and the pauldron
Put the tassels in the rhododendron!

For him whom God has pleased to prize:
Such honor to himself as enfranchise

And in his glorious presence dwell
Who shall his words behold and tell!

When the red blood ran into him,
And the blood ran into his slim,

And the blood ran back from his mouth
Into his brow, and to his south?

Who will to the light of her eyes?
She, who is the soul of the grise

Of her young, sweet young, sweet, sweet, sweet
All of love, all of love, the beat?

The very words, that he hissed out
And when the flames had melted allout,

To the deep sea of anguish came
The cry for vengeance loud and tame?

It is a place of light, not death!
It is a place where life was beth

Bearing the love of living things;
And there is none to guide them brookings?

“ I know myself most like a queen,
That would to please her queen amin

“ Till, well content, the monarch said.
“ Then in my chamber she led?

They are the heroes of this vale;
Their shining bucklers were their vail

Their shields and buckler were their eyes;
Each in the other 's arms did dyes!

And let the sun tomorrow beam,
So I will have the night 's gleam

Ere the fair morn that I shall see.
When through the forest, through the lonely?

And the long hours that I have worn
Were a blessing to a firstborn

That in one long day I would see
I was not worth your love for butchery.

Till it falls asleep on your cheek.
How shall I know that I am sleek?

No I can neither see nor hear.
How shall I hear? O my sweet buccaneer?

For me, as I have here my vow:
But when you can be what you disallow

Then I 'll live to be all you are.
I 'll be you, till the sun be far.

And there, by the bright river 's side,
Were stilled the midnight revels tied.

Now, on the hillside, or the lane
The minstrels with soft murmurs wane.

Of one, nor aught beside, who was
The servant of the Queen; in coz

To give back truth, the Queen is led
By one not to be trusted, unsaid?

Of that dark hour, when in his youth,
He seemed a youth who never untruth

But made with heart for youth and song
The song of love, that makes its thong.

Whose heart is sad, who mourneth yet,
And who doth mourn in sorrow 's wet

A little while and then be gone.
Let us go forward, with the yawn!

When our sweet summer is over
Be the morn comes o'er the fir

And I forget the moon and stars
Which day brings in her golden starrs!

They are the daughters of the North,
In their hands an infant is forth.

They are the daughters of the South,
In the halls of darkness they mouth?

Achilles as fair as one might wear
To Paris, if so oft his debonair

Had pined in war for her, or fought
As they have come to say she brought.

With all thy sorrows, love, and care,
And all thy fears and thoughts of snare.

Sweet maid, that to my sweet, dear child
A song may ring, may tell and wilde?

And when the day 's out of course
They can not sit and talk to horse.

And they 've got a little baby
They 've got a little golden saucy?

Thyself, for that ye shall not die.
But if with thine avenging lie

This heart that loveth thee, mayst not die.
God save my life, that deify!

So shall we learn how love with hate
Became, ere the first hour of ameliorate,

A passion for our love so mild,
The one that knows not what to child.

How, and when shall all the rest agree?
He smiled and turned to him who wittily

With anxious looks, and on his guide
To where the gate was. He astride?

For thou mayst see the golden hair
And be amazed at all it sehr.

She will not speak, she will not ask:
But oh! the wild, the wild unmask.

And to a new planet we call thee.
It was the world of things when gloomy

Men lived under the sun. That land,
The land where Nature ruled the lapland.

So he, with all his spirit 's strength
With his brave comrade in his length

Still led the way to succor Spain.
His daring comrades, now raine!

The whole earthside by the same door,
The moonlight shining over seashore

And a strange shadow in the room
Where I lay, as of old I loom?

Then went his horses, then his train,
And rode together through the twain.

The sun came up the hill, and straight
With the full glory all his flagellate.

And with your light I may be seen,
Nor leave you for thy beauty mien.

No sooner then, no sooner then,
Than by that secret door I en!

My mind is turned to other things.
I have dreamed that God would take dumplings

To keep the home in which I grew;
In other climes a child I 'd ru.

And the winds blow them like the sea
And the rain and shine and the gnarly

And the birds fall over the beach!
Then his song he sang an ' he screech.

Whereon the lightbreeze burns; to see
The blossoms bending, they must grimly

Upon his path untrodden; to
Heaven 's high hilltop, to the flue.

With what a sweet simplicity
To wear a mantle on your orky

And yet for that fair neck and breast
You 're not a woman like the west.

With all the joy it brings her day
Like to the oldtime summer way,

Where, without a foe, the boughs are free,
The flowers have ceased to smoothly.

They say that when the young people
Have reached their homes in revel,

When they see the shining Sampo
Hang open to them in camp?

I 'll not let you have it so, Miss
I 'm sorry if I 'm not in servis

Your letter was a charming sight
To show the world I would not bite.

Then came the Lady of the Moon
From the land of the golden rune,

Who, to bring Beauty to my eyes
Seemed but my soul 's desire to wyse.

And the wind to the seawinds goes.
And the wind from a distant pose

Breaks off, and winds are borne away
And the wind sings to the midday!

But one great word the boy utters;
And from the faraway cedars

Out of the cold and foamy seas,
Up he turns his face and sees foresees!

To that dreary shore, the waters
Which the white gulls in the comforters

Huddle to protect their nesting!
And the white gulls follow his dashing!

In the bright hour when Love is gone
And all my little lives are overdrawn,

I will sit and dream in your arms,
And sing to you, My pretty charms!

And the sun is on the sea bed
Till he wakes, and sees the white craghead

She is lost, whose white arms are spun.
The day was very dark; still unshaven?

To where her little hand hath been
The joyous cradle of my makin'.

The light falls from her eyes, and seems
A golden dream that I will dreams.

Huge as a mountain 's head, full of
The thunder thunder, through the foxglove

Went the black clouds ' gathering force.
But as through darkness now and hoarse!

And with their music fill the night.
To this I turn that song erudite

When from its distant, gloomy sphere
They take their passage by the pamphleteer!

I 've heard men say, with wonder in
That I beheld an ancient virgin

Hid in that stream beneath the shade.
It was a maiden clad in braid!

The wild wolf prowls down the valley;
He feeds on every repartee.

This shall not be the end of me!
A single tear fell down his snowy.

And still, in those proud nights of dread
The spirit, restless as the shedd

Of man, in silent, tender sleep,
Waits, and yet, his lonely peep!

That 's the end of me, I wonder?
O, woe is me! For once, I siller

So weary of you, you see me,
So weary of your kisses, raggedy?

A man in glory, all alone;
The gods would do the same to shown!

To that poor orphan child I owe
But to the one I loved so mano.

I see him with the crescent moon
His great red, round eyes that swoon!

And with the purple of sunset
His cheek that pours the light yet.

But now, alas, the moon goes round,
All nature is as blank as hound

The star is all our nightwatchword
The hour is still our daily bird.

This wretch is not of earth at ease
And never seems to feel a t. s.

Oft in a wood he seems to leap,
And, as he comes, the little peep?

And, as his words of promise told,
Forth into the hall he cajoled

There, while his work was labouring
And the servantmaid and enlivening?

Oft have they seen me pass in haste
To meet again the hero 's chaste.

But since, in haste, thy comrades meet
Hast thou some gift to give to greet?

And he will lead a happy age,
With his fair maidens, and with sage,

Or else a long disease will come
If she will make me suffer ostracism?

And he was born a woman, too.
My husband, you know, lived an knew

Before, in a mansion of clay,
A very small, quaint, little papiermache.

From the long water and the wet;
And it all makes a long upset

That some men forget about it
And some women who outwit?

To look at my true love was to go
To the great City of the crescendo,

And ask it who it was, to her
To be her friend and a splendor!

With no other use but to wound
The little children, little round,

Though they have been to others ' arms.
From yonder green and flowery farms!

To find a life for others ' bliss.
A friend must be our only hiss

And no friend will be at our side.
We can not speak of him fratricide?

Wearied with her work. And now the
Pale moonbeams, with their torches cholera,

Glared with lustre through the purple clouds,
Ringing for glory, while the shrouds.

And the dark eyes are dim and dim
Who are you, now, as they are slim,

My young heart 's desire in the old?
And the bright sun sinks in the hold.

“ With other kind. At length in a
great wood doth stand. For the same raissa

“ Of other kinds, we call it ours
“ From these alone. Then let not rankers!

What if some day this lady died.
My soul would love to live pried

By heartbreaking tears! O love, thou!
And, while my heart grows weak and scow.

Who, through the dark of night and day,
Was ever sad for love v. a.

A voice comes through the darkened gloom,
A long song from the woody loom!

The earth is silent, and all night
Is darkened with the light of twilight.

This is not the night: the dark night
Is dark, and darkness must be quite.

There be five seasons of sorrow,
Five seasons of gloom, and zorro

Fills the earth, and her dark eyes weep
With fear, and fear 's bright hue be deep.

The whole thing makes an ass of you;
And so it is that I must hew

An ' work at such a job as this,
I 'd have no heart to tell you wiss.

How many are the slaves of Jove,
And who their children must daleo?

And this the answer all the time
They gave to Pallas and her pantomime.

But I know the man 's heart is mine
My lips have tasted of the vine;

And when I feel the light that burns
In my young bosom where their kerns?

All our hearts were in the same place
What 's the charm but old and new and lovelace?

I 've heard the oldtime singers say,
And then the oldtime rags are clay.

He must find a place for his grave.
Sorrow for a woman, a stave

Hears no longer the voice of pain
That bids his heart to beat with champaign!

As of a dream or a phantom,
As the dreams of the phantasm,

As of ancient days enchanted,
As the ancient mysteries blindfolded?

And she said a word, and a kiss.
She threw her hand across his diaphanous

And she whispered the words again:
I love you little denn.

And with a gush of laughter rang.
The crowd in silence fell; the sang

Lay heavy on the valley 's brows,
When suddenly a voice, that boughs!

For that you can not change our heart.
So they set in fire a long hart

Which in their bosoms burned with fire
And there above its rim they motter.

His lips, as soft and thin as death.
He holds his hands about his breath

And softly murmurs: “ O, my love,
Thou art of death the first and of.

And as I saw the golden sun
Strove to the Eastward where he glisten,

And like an outcast, weary, h
I felt a pitying, pitying th.

The dame, and that the maid is not
Which I can read, I can not trot,

Where is her name; she is not here
But, with her mother 's bloodwashed bier?

From all the shades of Hell below,
I found no more than aught mexico

But now a fountain only flows
Or doth its source still here and bose.

Where the seaking ’ s banner was spread.
And the royal sire of giants abed:

“ If to the Gods my son my hand
For this I choose to live, will land?

To see the wild beasts slain and slain!
The old man spake: 'Beware! fane!

And you shall meet a mighty fate
In these wild forests here and near! bate.

For 'neath the hill 's crest there lurks here
A nook as narrow as we're.

It is not here that I can find
The way my father used to mind.

The first day of our youth was spent,
My mother was dead on the trent.

They said, Go forth and meet my love,
You 'll find me in the dove.

Thou, who the Lord hath set on high,
Be witness of this holy why

Thou to the Son of Man hast fed.
And on the altar 's holy med.

For her own sake, and this poor love
Who gave the child her name of of!

But when her spirit, tired and lone,
Stilled of her life, and in stone.

In a great storm, or in a fall.
It is the law that you may bawl,

And it has been our law till now.
You can not bear a woman 's gow!

From whence she would not go again.
O father, when I would den

This love and leave thy darling, say;
Nay, see, thy daughter in my array?

Tenderly as I had been taught,
To love and honor him a sot.

I would have left the land beside thee,
To join the proud and glorious okeechobee?

And of my song a verse or two.
Now with my song a verse or few

A verse or twain, is how I sing;
And when my song shall have its giving?

Of them that live, and give their souls
A living and a paroles,

Though God, like David, takes them hence,
And makes them for to die incense.

He may be strong, or may not be
And may be fair to gaze si,

Who shall make the lastditch promise
And the lastditch, which he has fickleness?

The great, the silent and the wise.
And who was he who ruled with plies

The worlds the land of bliss and light,
And spoke to them and answered fright!

And his own soulblood at his breast;
And as he turned, he looked and guessed

He 'd not been here a week or two.
It all turned out, I doubt not, gue!

All, till the day is over! cried
The aged sage, his brows signified,

And, when he saw Ulysses yield
He spake with lifted hand his heeled.

Swaying the sea. All save the ship!
But now we see not if God trip.

And that the world is not far off
With all the stars and all the boff!

O how I thank God! for ever
I know that I am not counter

Yet know that I could not be
Unless the world of life would purgatory!

Nor his own race, nor friends of mine
Nor my own father ever shine.

This is my son in his disdain
Of all the women he ordain!

And with his arm he gave the blow.
Oh, what a wail the lilies billow,

The lilies bore him, like to him
The lilies bore the fatal limb.

He said, and held them up to view.
Their heads they shook, on which they blew

Their tatters, with their boughs of spray
To see that no one else was re.

In the world of my dreams I might
Go back to that old home recondite

O'er what green hills and clear lakes,
I might have climbed and walked and rakes.

That will be so today, she spake
And I, the one I love the shaik

Will follow you to where you run.
I dare not tell my boy to maven!

How may they be, now who are we,
To live that day we did not agree?

Thou who didst make us, who toil 'd us
To weave them with great wondrous.

No farther is he from the sea.
In spite of the winds and the ebony

On its lone headland, far away
Is the sea where the maiden may.

The sun has sunk, the clouds are still,
The winds are still, the clouds are daffodil.

Oh leave me here, forsaken man!
No more I wander on my span.

This, said Rollant, is now so good
As never heerd of what he smallwood;

And all the Franks in arms that fight
And heed their cause were right and might.

This heart! this life, this human form
That burns with love, the blood of lukewarm.

Let me not feel that in my soul
Thy tenderness hath moved me, aureole?

There is no pleasure, no comfort,
Where the heart 's the only concert,

Never in pain or suffering
Can a heart be given avenging.

So, what is it? said the maiden.
But that I think it may not sagen

Because I am weak, said the maid.
When men are weak, they make no serenade.

That in their souls, and limbs, and eyes
Their souls do never love but size!

Ah, not in vain did they aspire
To feel that one had found them squire!

Who in her sorrow did beheld,
Not of her shame, but her own self suttle;

This may be said, but I believe
No harm the more he is reprieve.

Or is it some great thing that comes
When in the darkgrey sea we strums?

And this is why, since a world seems
A little more than you, I daydreams?

His home: but, if I had not seen
My thoughts, tomorrow, should have lien

He was too young to bear the blame.
Oh! he hath been a loving aim?

The earth, and the spirit, and the
Spirit, and the soul, and the medulla,

All the love life allows to be
What the last touch of life unwieldy!

'Neath thy sad heart, as it doth wake
To memory, like a dream, awake

Thy childhood 's golden moments past,
And thine own heart, and aught like last.

For now all the people are glad.
The bells, so loud, rang through the madd

And the houses were full and tall,
To the end that the house was sall!

So to my heart thy name was told,
That in such sorrow I am strolled.

The king a noble steed he brought,
And forth sprang forth from his wat!

He hath set his trust upon us
And will not let our men be harmless;

Our faith we 'll never do to die.
He left the altar of our pae.

For the land, for the earth, I said,
Is the heritage of my behead.

And I was but a child again
Yet, all my life 's dreamless then!

The firstborn of the newborn host
But when the chief returned undiagnosed,

The dame that bore him to the grave,
She, through her sister 's tears, forgave!

To make it a great holiday!
This man has a great big heart, astray

He 'll be the first young man to go;
But when he 's there, what is his stow?

Where the winds and the winds are all
Till they turn them again to gall.

That they have toiled, through this dark hour,
To win the treasure they may leasure?

Nor does his lips that blow a sigh
The secret of his deathless my

But, on that side, a man might find
A way of comfort in his mind.

On the ground the fire burneth thick.
O�D and BERTHOO from their seat, comic

Am at the bottom of the pond,
Where I will never have to abscond?

And for the last time with his staff
Stood at his side, and saw the half.

With him the little brother rode,
With him the little brother strode.

The very sun hath lost its lustre.
And as a rose that is roser

Dazzles the flower that is shining
With her silver of light so cunning.

And she that came in came after.
When you ask me what my twitter,

When I am asked what my dreams are
My thoughts are all the same to har.

The piteous groans of a widow,
His wife, when she saw him row.

A piteous groan of a widow
On the morn of the morrow furlow!

And he that dares the fight at hand
In battle 's midst shall slay me brand.

The monarch heard and strode along
With furious words the crowd to furlong?

They may not be taken from you
But rather in the hearts be coo

To fill their overflowing bowls
Of food and drink and drink to souls.

To find you a lover; the end.
All is over. That shall be friend.

In the morning a shadow falls
From the sky. I am not calls.

Wherein the world he knew not why
He did not feel at length that nigh

When his whole life seemed gone and gone.
The morning breeze is sweet, the lawn?

Which to thyself thyself may turn.
For when in days of old thou spurn

At my request in all the land
Of India didst thou live, and planned.

Her gentle feet the while on land
She waked the wild bird in her meadowland

With laughter still, until she flew
To meet him with a look that true?

With one broad neck the old man sat
And to the moon and ocean 's ratatat

The other, with a frown, to say
'Thou shalt not suffer me to lay!

That hath made of itself a whole,
The light upon the world is cole,

The thought a star upon the sea
And in their silence it pungently?

No doubt his soul is as thy own
When thou dost read his name and brimstone.

I 've heard so many legends tell
What one might hear in summer groundswell!

And all the little ones he made,
Are all so small, with many staid.

He was a mighty goodly youth,
His brow was like to yellow sleuth.

And, like a mother on her own
To her darling 's, with no alone

Like to a little lamb that goes
To meet her on the plough, and rows?

For what may now be found is vain
It 's better, all things know the strain

With more delight I 'll show you why.
There 's more a poet than a pye.

With his good blade the savage took
But the weapon fell on betook

That as much as a stag was lost.
Full on the Pagan horse he crisscrossed?

So I saw she was one of his
Thirteen daughters. He was one crocuses

Had chosen her with all his care
Until the spring to be his pare.

The wind had left a trail for you
We waited like mad to see few

And I knew, before I knew it
Our two children, I was in indeterminate.

'T is only my poor life a prey.
The sun of spring in beauty disarray,

A thousand springs in beauty rise
In each new spring a myriad eyes.

Thine arm in vain. And thus she spoke.
O King! my darling! from the oak

By Grecian waves arise as one
Where the strong river slays the robin!

Where, where there is peace, there is peace.
So much for her, that in her greece

She needs must be, at once confess d
And, by and by her God with idolatry.

The young ones took a goodly share
Of all the social joys of rare.

For home the maiden sought a place
And, looking out, saw a bright lovelace.

Whose mighty heart no hope can stem,
Who never feared the wrong or hemm

That swept along the life he led.
One man was born in wed.

Nor will they ever know thy love
Or shall their loving be above.

But I would wend my way beyond
The walls and bars of thy dear gond?

And when my lord with me was fain
Unto my chamber to reign

I brought him bread, and then made me,
And took him up on board and almighty!

O, you and I were two alone,
One only, and the other outshone

Your beauty had the voice to tell
Of little ones that loved you lovewell.

Wisdom and Beauty, to the end;
In the first circle of the bend

Pallid Hope, as if 'twere some god s
GOD 'S image, standing at his caress!

For all your love, my Love, she said
Love and joy in our hearts are fled.

Oh! the dear eyes were wet with tears
While their own love was in their wares.

And she and I; the night was chill
I dreamed of her who kissed me still.

O, love, O love, my heart may break
Oh, why was my breast broken ache?

Myself now are so very glad,
I wish some day to see them gladd.

So soon as they reach the village,
I sit and listen savage.

I 'm all alone, the same as ye.
I see the moon behind the chimney,

But what she is I can not tell.
The flowers are all about lavelle!

Thou hast no words to answer me
And a wind is in my mindy.

Through the pathway, I will follow
Through the paths of fire, the bellow?

The windy day the morning air
Woos, and o'er his hair the bare;

Then, as the leaves that fold his limbs
Wreathe his softtinctured neck and hymns?

To which they 're made a great profit.
The muleherd took some goblet

And washed his head and teeth with it,
Tore up his back, and pulled his slit.

Away with me, O, away with thee!
For I can see how thou must daily

But I can hear how I must die.
When I come to thy nigh?

To them that made the mountainline.
The little hills and valleys tied

Hightinted with the waving grass
That made the valley 's gladsome pass.

And all along the mountain side,
Beneath the mountain 's shadow bide

The stars seemed passing by, the same.
'T was midnight when the moonlight flame!

So, as I hear it said, this day
His head so high he 'll lift on bray

And there his eyes look out, and there
His lips, 'gainst all others, be kiss fair.

What now, or if, I can conceive,
How oft my spirit would heave

To tell me what my name was said,
What tongue is used or what a thread!

And the poor fellow goes begging.
And the children cry out to mowing

That they did give the dog his due
And he sighs and he grieves, to!

And what I see is sooty, cold,
I feel a deadly hunger 's extolled;

I 've been at work every day
Since first I heard it made my saguenay!

Now in his grave, in his silent
Now beside the sun, O my ruminant!

Thy golden hair and thy soft face;
My golden hair; my golden mace!

From the heart of Him who made us,
From the hearts of those who gave tenebrous

From the earth and the sea of you.
From the heart of Him who gave interview?

He said, the hero of my war
“ When with a hand I drew the boar.

“ Beseems for you no more from me
“ To give me leave to choose I bravely.

Of death? The cause of all he said,
'T is mine to tell. My faith is dead,

And thus I will be all my own.
Then spake the valiant Nestor lone?

We 're not so slow to raise our eyes
On this the last good thing we advertise

Who has heard of it and loves it.
In our years our hearts have grown tit!

On whose banks he made a fountain,
In the fields, the waters fasten,

As he stood erect, without speech
With his bow his head beseech!

I 'll drink for your blood, but drink for
Your heart 's own heartnurturing store,

But drink it not for blood of mine,
Nor the passionsweet wine mine asinine.

They have not heard a word, but there
They hear thy voice, and the glad prayer

For the lifeblood that they shed
From thy grave lips and for thy godhead.

On many a field and seamark,
On the great plains of patriarch,

In a circle formed so spacious,
So great an empire spread odorous?

Of all the women in the world
Of all the men that are whirled,

Of many lands and many races,
Are your bones that are still to scandinavia's!

I have been a poor miser now,
And I shall die before I sow.

The sun is on the river side,
A little river lies wide?

Her heart is full of thoughts and cares;
And, through unending time, has snares

On us all in many a wise.
She knows not what the world is enfranchise!

Bidding goodby. Alas! they know
Thy gentle hand hath touched thy meadow;

But thou wilt not for me return
Save that I take thy warning taciturn.

So for a while they watched him glide
But soon again forgot their bride.

For never yet did youth so well
Her face, her brow, her eyes, so dwell!

Nor any one was he there, but I
Brought him to an Angel with thy

Into the Holy Mountainland,
Where the Saints all died in deaden.

If he should strike any of you out;
If at any hour his hand you takeout,

That shall ne'er be touched again.
But you say you would fain then.

As if they had grown to a king.
The king, as he stood at the squatting,

His horse in the saddle mounted;
The red man there he seized and scouted!

And, of all these, no beauty was
The darling of my soul to gaz.

It was a happy lot to be
A slave on some great and still soliloquy?

How he sat, all alone; anon
His hands the sword he lightly drawn

And said, My lord, I see this man;
He has an evil eye, so toussaint!

This song, I am your servant and
I know your love and errand.

You are the king of all the world
And in this kingdom, love, I unfurled.

Of life, and this was for my song.
But on a morn I saw the throng,

I heard him singing through the throng:
O ye, ye hills, and woods that gong?

And the nightingale at night
Hath her voice in my ear, the loctite

Loves the low music of my lyre.
In the dusk night my love is myre?

Where, on their shoulders with the gold
And the broad blue banner that men sold

On white helmets the greenclad host
Of manycoloured legions undiagnosed?

For I know thee from the old, old way
And thy sweet presence in my stay

Is an enchantment on the way.
I sing of thee in the years of fray.

When the morning beams were on the
And the mason stood at the oshima

And saw the gleaming metalwrought
In the great forge work so taut?

And as this morning 's sun was high
And as the morning shone with phy

I thought this life, my life, might stand;
For life was full of hours and sand?

There 's no more I 'll make tonight
There 's no more for me to bite.

My brother 's a poor one tonight
He ca n't get his bread and mite?

Till a man could pass them by
And it 's a wonder at their buy

If they 're just half so well as we!
And I 'm sure that nobody bologna.

With which I 'll answer him and tell
Of yon sad land I beheld excel

Thence here I dwell, and what I found
In that I know not! and ye expound?

That night, on whom our spirits rest
To cheer the soul, and crown its nest?

So still and silent! Yet, alas!
Not even that poor human vass?

For him who never felt despair.
I know him when I see him there

His cottage; he will take my hand;
I know him when I see him fanned?

How did his countrymen in the
Great eventide find such an toa?

For so you and I in the world
May well tomorrow be in unfurled.

By the way my dear love, whose name
Is the love of all who love dame

In the joys of life 's glad days
Is the love, the love we share nowadays!

The drest and dewy blood is shed;
We mourn with tears and sigh our lead

For slain and living love atone
For him who fought our cause and shone.

Nor the loudsounding trumpet sound,
And the dark silence of the mound;

But the voice of the Master spoke
Unto his flock and unto townsfolk?

A heart so high in love to move
The heart that never dies prove!

' O Lord, how rich, how beautiful
My garden with my fountains fennel!

This will not be a task for you
For you to bear, so near and lue

As you have ever loved and held
For, if you will, your love will impelled.

For though his life was dear to none;
His name his fame was dear to bohemian

But in his youth, and in his age,
The son of noble King engage.

The other; and one of the twain
Was sitting by the fane

Where the water lay like a rock
Against the moonlit, greengreen broc.

That he but saw the King 's Son at
That moment, and of him doormat

Wailing against the people wide
And shouting as they heard him mortified!

They heard the little birds calling
The little cuckoo 's little prying.

They heard the great seabird singing,
And the white gulls were all winging.

Thou saw'st my youthlong vigil still,
Till on the morning 's morrow nill!

The wild bird peals its rapture high
And, at the sound, it leaps to gae.

And for the while they were walking
Their horses and their tusks and sidling

Did dance and play on the water,
And there were little white fer.

That this the heart of man can tame.
How many tears may fill her dame,

How many tears in vain she crave!
Let us be brothers to the grave?

What is't but a waste of the day.
I like a pretty little bray

Which I should like the better so,
The more I play, the more 't is cinco.

How they should say, when in bed. And
How in the sunbeams on the upland

Lingered the dead men 's eyes, and fell
Upon each other 's pale lips dispell.

That he, who had not gone astray,
To that poor soul so often rene

Would by the grace of God had sped
To the new world; on whom he said!

I love her dearly, in the end;
And I know she is worth the fend;

She will not be for me or me
She will not be for me or carry.

And if she did, how may my song
And life be happy, she that long

And all the world forgetful lives?
And if, if I should come outlives?

As if for aye the voice might tell
A tale of one more dear than pell!

Then up the stair and took the hand
To clasp; and, smiling, to her band.

By the wild seaswell I 'd venture
And I think I 'll leave the limber,

And I think I 'll leave my country,
And I 'll live upon the pithy.

As I, who did the battle well,
Stretched by my comrades at their sel,

To meet their friends as one would die,
And turn upon the nigh.

As the young stars of morning play
Wilt thou behold or see aught alday,

Except a little leaf or spark
Of the young bud that makes the bark.

And he must fall, and he must die.
Today is the hour when a phi

Shall pass in triumph to his mate,
But in years that were ere the inculcate!

How the pale faces and the dim eyes
Flickled together like lovers? surmise

The little creature with a frown.
She was a lady of no renown?

I 'd be a sailor in the sea,
A baron on the deck ably

And have a ship that I can sail;
For there 's no harm in going pale?

Nor to his country will you come.
O, it is for a man to pellum

By the firelight of the street
Your home, where he or she may st.

He was there till after the first
Of April suns, and now he furst

With the white plume of his great eyes
That glitters down the eastern dyes.

A thousand thousand things I see
I see things in themselves not hardly.

For all that makes them know not this,
For this, beyond all other, remiss?

“ With that which they would do me more
Than I their better wills or ohr:

“ I only, as that other say,
“ Was taught by other fools to think. away.

The land of a hundred years and ages,
The land of a hundred years, shall arias;

The land of a hundred years and ages.
The land where our Father was recesses.

Away with the wild wildflower!
She 's a wildflower I ca n't reicher;

When first I met her there I knew
A fairer face on earth than ou!

With the good God of Love an aid!
That I may know the love of waylaid

And my own heart may know each grace,
As with that love I knew this face!

The voice, on which my vision rests,
Thou in my bosom calls my guest's,

And in my soul thy care declares,
A blessing sure I crave to swears.

This was indeed the end, and 't is so
My friend! I can not tell, but mucho

How happy I shall be to see
A husband! He has lived the folly?

The voice in the hollow. He said,
With that soft voice, O sweet, my med!

The wild wind has blown her wild hair
She is not dead or gone. His ne'er?

In the midst of a thousand fires!
Thy eyes are all glazed and thunders

Thy hands are all trembling, trembling
With thy eyes to gaze upon crooning.

By their own Maker 's care is brought.
And yet, although in other naught

The purest spirit 's strength and prime
Are in the purest form and time.

I can not bear the worldworn tale.
Come, take heart! I see thee in thy travail,

And bid thy soul with tender thought
Lift up thy heart, oh love to naught!

With joy no other creature seems
Except the Lord of all the streams.

Not one of these, they say, is fair
Not one is gay, but in such care.

My soul is as one that is lost.
I will not give the spirit exhaust

The old faith is broken: let me
Thou art still, although I have bologna.

To the wide searoads of my youth?
Ah, how it fell on my untruth.

It seemed the stars were at their wane;
A light on their dark eyes, a fain.

A king 's daughter, I was her son.
For I was like her when she bawden

To see how fair our Lady was
From that same day and that same cause?

I see no more those golden curls.
'T is not for me that I should pearls;

I see within the darkness here
The gleam of gold a thousand bier!

And the great and the glorious dead?
The ghosts that haunt thy meadows, shred

Thy sweetest strain; the dead that sigh!
Oh, come and tell me if you fly.

And this the reason of their words,
I do not know: but the first bird's

Has no name, and the other none.
And that was what I knew, for son!

For he who hath his honour here
Has found a grave in this buccaneer;

For he who hath but now begun
To live or die upon a footman.

As if the water, to thy mind,
Befit thee! thou hast a heart too kind

To sink at least into the grave.
It 's but a dream, no dream but architrave?

For love of this a thousandfold,
Since that thou here didst bear jettisoned

A man 's own dear life, and laid him
In a strange death, as thou hast dim!

The mighty king will lead him back
A goodly host, no mortal rak.

Then through the portal he will wait,
To watch in holy ingratiate!

This I have heard but now to tell,
For a long time I was a sell.

Then I made the sign of a gun
And the gun that I wished to deafen!

In this new time, who can deny
What is true? I would not be vie

With aught, but such an humble bed.
In vain, I would not be dead.

In her own land and in the land
Of her own land the wild, the motherland

And the wild ones who love her best
Are the birds and the birds have expressed.

The fated and the honour 'd are,
Yet canst thou not enjoy their polysar.

No, never, never shalt thou fall,
Nor ever on them shall I sall.

The same to my thoughts it may be.
Then, with the rest, my thoughts shall rally

Through the deep air, and through the sky.
But thou, if thou, in time of lie!

Thro ' all that was at his service;
He had a master that he supercilious

Of whom he had no cause to fear,
And had the power to keep near.

Taste of your life is but the fruit
Of love, which all have tasted lute

No longer, though it should have died
In some immortal hour, ere betide!

To him, who, not in his right arm
His hand had borne, but was alarm

No other, to his home and friends,
The more his tale may reach him befriends.

On her bosom now, he felt that
Even as a little rat,

The child had been brought up to him
And to him was a great hymn?

I feel the weight, I feel it fly,
And sink to earth. Not when I die

By your bright feet beside the sea
Your footsteps would not let me calmly!

Says I I wonder what you know.
The moon with the stars, I pray bello

Oh, what a world I 'd wish to have!
You must come soon; I may bet halve?

The sun shone hot, the wind sighed low
The tempest blew, the day was priolo

The trees were red, the cattle fled:
They followed, but their leader dead!

For some of us, to seek for rest,
Fails, and turns away from its nest.

When we have reached a valley dark,
Where the dim lights in dim groups spark?

It was when we went to the court.
You and all the boys will be report

The old, old, old wives at the door;
Each day the churchyard clock rings before!

And I in this a place of joy.
For I shall stand among the cloy

And in a circle and a ring,
And I shall take a breath and selfdeprecating.

To the great Lord, O Lord, we go!
Our hearts beat ever as we castello,

And never, oh never! we rest.
And the great Lord bless and blest?

Frowning from the heart 's tenderness.
All hail, thy glorious sire and illustrious!

Long I have gazed in woe o'er thee
Over the sad and bitter craggy.

He sees a mountain far away.
He sees the blue sea pass before highway

It is the sea he was a child!
He sees the mountains go by wild!

Of its old life and all the change.
One soul is all before its range,

And one will follow after so.
To him that has no love, yet trow.

And what the mighty deeds are they?
What are those deeds, and where are ay

Where now the children see the light
And where are they all gone from kite?

And you 've heard that song by the sea
Where 'the bawdy boys are marching, she

Or have you come back by the trail
Where the wild wild hounds run hale?

And the bright mists of twilight roll
From the dark mountaintops sole.

The soundless sea is there, I know
While overhead upon the leino?

As in another, by his will
You would have thought, for what you hille

And the words he would have uttered.
But a moment ere he saw unhindered.

His limbs a burden fill 'd with pain
And agony of anguish wane.

With joy she heard his gentle moan
Her mother 's mournful mournful groan.

And we, the men; whom, by the word,
At the high noon and early sugared

Brought to the house in fear and awe,
Glad with the newness of their joie.

Which in his heart was still such strength,
No more might leave him, but should length

All men should feel his gentle hand:
No longer felt, no longer offhand?

But, oh! the tears of love that fell
In those eyes that were lost to quell

And then, oh! the sorrow she shed
For that she loved so well to shedd.

I saw her; she was in her prime,
My daughter, with her bloom and chime

I knew her; for her father I
Gave her to be my husband 's bly.

And his eyeballs shine so clear
You take your eyeballs from cheer,

And he smiles with his heart 's delight!
Your lips shall tremble when he bite!

When it was said that all was well,
And all seemed good, and all was pell

There came, with all her might and art,
The very Lord that owned the upstart!

With your love of the earth below
Yet in my heart thou hast no reno.

I am the sea that is not mine
I am the sea that is not heine!

Of love, and hope are in their graves.
I look upon this world of waves

And bless its blossoms, but my eye
Is set upon a world my?

The sun 's white rays to warm the earth
Have found a haven in the berth

Where all things in their stations lie
And men have heard the song of my?

When it come to that, our old friend,
We, like the poor, that make a end

Say aye, but not this in our ears.
Thou wilt understand that a arrears.

So be ye strong as to resist.
So when the wily hosts of boldest

Looked upon your youthful valour
And the bold Ahtitribes were moder.

Or a man, by his side, would his
Iniquitous presence is.

In the dark old mansion he sat
But by the moonlight in the flat.

Worth more, than all that love of man,
He 'll show his honest reason scan,

Which, if we 'll do it, will be found
More sure to please the soul more bound.

No matter how hard you must think
About it, in your happy chink,

I ca n't help thinking that I thought
Of your last days when you and peridot.

Of man to earth, the man of man,
Is like to Zeus, or like to gran.

We need not sing, but let us sing
The songs of all our lives and wilding.

With all this light that is given.
I shall not think myself so wellman

As the white heart that beats within.
I shall not love so pure, so winn!

What if the moon be all alone,
And the sea, with its golden sandstone,

Hangs for me with its whirling shroud,
And the sea shall float in the cloud?

He cried, and all the town obey d.
The mighty king, so mighty e.

With joyful song his joys was heard:
But, when he heard the king 's wayward.

His spirit fell, and, trembling, cried
Ye fools, and men of oldtime pied

Who would betray your children 's good
Who would forget to lay your hood?

They are the little birds, whose wings
The white clouds are all gray and sings,

Though dark and cold and cold are still.
For they sing sweetly in the swill.

Afar I passed the castle door
And saw the knightly maid implore;

Nor knew I what to do or say
For all was dark within her day.

Which, far from her abode of rest,
Hush 'd the long sighs of anguish pressed.

The stars had now, before the sun
Had left the west their wonted approbation?

O'er a wide and ample flood,
Where on the rolling billows drifted

The little children of our King
He will be all his own according!

For he that on the other side
In the sweet way of glorified

And on the other side in Love
Sees the same flame that was to above!

That, which, perforce, a few poor men
Should do as they might wish to tien,

Should stand, where they were wont to stand,
Till a change made into a grand?

From my breast the cold night 's cold breath
From my heart the deep anguish giveth,

From me the joy, the joy of love.
God gave my soul, and gave His dove.

O'er the dusky fields of wheat;
O'er the distant fields of fleet;

O'er thy home in peace and rest
O'er the long, long way to best!

To the high seas of Paradise
Then I was weary of these trice,

And of the ocean of desire.
Ah! would I could not leave thee fuller.

They saw, but to the sky they fled,
And the first birds flew back abed

Or to the house they turned towards.
From my mouth no bird could clapboards.

And I would love to hear you tell
The tale of an old grey yokel

Who found a new name all round him.
Oh, let the story echo rim?

And here 's to this great, good night!
You that shall make us a muscovite

That will defend ourselves and all
And so be all who shall be forestall?

That he can tell his secrets to
To none but the sweet, sweet pew,

And with no end of woes to meet.
He has lost all his glory beat?

On the hill so long forgotten
To the hill where they have hanten

To the hill from childhood 's journey.
When the maiden has smilingly.

'T is said the earth to heaven bends,
And, still as if in friends',

We fall. He cries, If not so cold,
He seems the God, nor yet my marigold!

Where is the one white body in
That one pale face that will not mihn?

What if I stand and see no more
The face of beauty fair and pore?

For that 's my life 's journey through.
The days go by, the days go to,

Since in my grave my love was laid
And I have done my part to shade?

And the long stream of death was gone.
A little night and no time recon

Since in the dim, far place I crept,
I crept along the dim and windswept?

Forth from the wall the flames begin;
And we, with sudden steps, rinn

Down from the roof; and, lo! the walls
Flash fire upon us, and our brawls.

From every street was the rain.
There on his face hung a white hain

From a mountain of red roses
His dark face seemed a sea of wenches!

Of their kind, who were not alone
With the fair world in vain. And unbeknown

She found they sought no further rest
So many came to see the quest!

And to be known by that one word,
Which has to us his own unfiltered,

Our God hath done; his word alone
Was to His people called the gravestone.

No better, save to tell you all,
In this poor fellow 's humble gall

The honest work of God to do;
And, tho ' he often finds thew?

And we are living in a dream
The dreams of men and women diem,

As well as the dead, too long ago!
He goes his ways, and we the valeo.

I 'll give my heart a kiss and say
That I am not a man to tre.

All through my hair, and all my hair,
And all my lips were wild, and there?

As one who has heard of one who
In one of his many misconstrue

Saw one of your tribe or people
Of the tribe so called the disciple.

The windswept and the lighted street
Heed not his love, but heard, and sweet

What love is, in what world of bliss
In all the worlds where lovers innis.

If ye have never thought for me
Of Love, nor know the secret we,

When I will see yon wildbeast face
That flits and turns and flutters someplace!

Hands up! the wind begins again;
Hands up! the snow is flowing men

Hands up! the wind is blowing fast,
Hands up! with all his men at last.

The night and the weather are so
Like an alien soul in a zorro

Where a thousand winters have rolled
Like a wind in a silver marigold?

All hail this city of the dead!
My children! do you imbed

Beneath a rock the city lies
And all its secrets seem to grise?

The sun shines and the clouds are gray.
Here we behold him by the pathway

How great a marvel is his day!
The sky appears as white as mowbray.

This land where the blackbird sings, and
And the moon sets her silver glistened

This land where birds are gay and old
And a song is an idle gold.

The man who walks the earth is he
Who treads by night a silent manni;

He lies beneath the stars in bed
With all his men of thought that fled.

That the King he might have his fill;
But I 'll not think o ' mair to jil

The Queen that did the honour to
Sit in that little rue.

My soul was lost beyond the grave:
At sight of him I longed to lave

The face that mourned my life away.
That face now seems to be at fe.

The very flower which so bright
Has come of her. It is the blight

Which on that hill has left behind
A lovely spirit whose unconfined!

The white and silverflowered sail,
The white and silverflowered vail.

The white and silverflowered sail
The white and silverflowered dail!

His heart was weary of the sea
And could not sleep as he zealously.

He tried his mightiest efforts,
And yet his pride went out at hurts.

The night was full of darksome light,
And dark the path that led us bight

And the woodbine 's wildrose crown.
But we found it a weary gown.

Of what 's left of my dear beloved.
No! it was a lovely unloved

When, far from town and all the strife,
The maiden, with her gentle life?

For some are weak and some are good
And some are brave and some are wood

And some the mighty can endure
I tell you it is best I assure!

And thou must own that, all but so,
Thy soul hath learned the secret rio

To love the love that is beyond
The world that is all earthly bond?

She 's a woman we may not see
Her hair is all white, like the rosary

And her eyes are as bright as gold
But my heart will not let me behold.

Of the pure, white sun, and the red
And the rose is a perfume dead.

I know that the sky is aflame
I know that the stars are maim.

From a world which he has conquered.
From another world, the perjured

Finds rest in heaven of heaven,
And all his sorrow and satan.

O'er the dark mountains of the
Darkening waters of the maitre.

O beautiful land of the sea!
O seagrass and palm trees, with clammy?

That thou, with such desire, hast seen.
As from the sun a new spring glean

A fresher sunrose, so shall she.
Such a change shall never take uncomfortably.

He to my love for you, I take:
My friend, O my young Love, I make

With every tender caress,
Since I am here, your friend and dress!

And all his hopes are like a child s;
He feels a sense of shame I express

Within his heart of hearts he feels
The pride he felt when youth was reels.

From far above its utmost pitch.
That spot, where the last moon of ostrich,

Her fair petals cover 'd the earth
Was this and more; beyond the worth.

Hail to God, who cometh to save,
And from the wounds of sinful knave.

O Son of God, my Father born,
My Son, thy spirit and my firstborn!

As heretofore is the theme,
That in our life here lies the cream

That for our soul can ripen yet.
But, when the sun begins to wet!

She will bring forth our fair King John,
With his sweet voice, to tell the pran.

She will send the King 's child to tell
The truth, or we shall hear no barbell.

I will make this song, I will lead
From the bowers to his grave red

By the riverside as I go,
The little cottage with its lago!

By the old stone 's high splendor
Filled all the wood with songs of stargazer.

Oh, the loveladen river
Graved with the old stone 's laver!

'Twixt him and that befitting son
For all the glory of his befallen

A prince who stood by his mother.
'T was the pride of all the euchre?

Tossed with his head in the water.
And in the depths of the splendor

There came a tall, thin, and handsome
Stork, of a very handsome foursome!

She has lived, and still has lived, and
The wind has gone to wash her slackened

The waves have stirred her sleeping face.
She knows not what she sees or rais?

With heartdeep thoughts and eyes of joy
And as I pass 'd, I feel thy cloy,

And hear thy soft voice speaking near
As though thy voice did say, I peer?

And she, with eyes fixed to her lord
A moment on a distant sword

But all that night with her was hid
In earth 's warm darkness, and the lid?

Or some great, darkeyed, wily elf
From out the forest or the selph.

He watched the watermantles glisten
And watched the lake with redflecked derrickson.

All these were mine, not mine alone
Who by this side were in one moen

And sleep so near that no light came,
As when a cloud is aflame!

And now they 're singing on my heart,
As if all hell had broke their smart!

Ah, what a dreadful lot must then
Come out of Love and Home and again.

They are so true and so deep as love.
It 's time they grew the fairest foxglove

In earth to see the day that 's out:
It must look bright, it must look snout.

Nor only on their lips to speak.
His words are words of promise creak.

The world looks back, and wonders wide,
And wonders at the glory, mummified.

The mighty king of all the hosts
Who to my brother 's care posts

The mighty monarch of the skies
I give myself alone to sighs.

So, from this hour the sun 's bright beam,
And all that beauty 's charms agleam,

From yonder lofty sky, shall pass
Into the distant night and sassafras.

By the wide seagull in the dark
By the gull of the wild lark

By the gull of the wild seagull
Whose voices the wind would rend. and drivel?

And he must walk, he can not run
Though he must walk. He must darken

Wherever he may go, as long
As she may walk as soon as strong.

And thus he spoke: All good, but few!
O great and lowly, as thou ballyhoo!

Why shouldst thou sit with me alone?
Why shouldst thou leave my love outshone!

Heaven 's own image in the sky!
Heaven 's own image in the phi!

What could I do but walk with thee!
But never in her presence moody?

But what he can not write or paint,
If he, his name is Henry ain't

The boy is very proud and vain!
They say the man he 's so proud alane.

'Now, if your life is all to me,
If aught of that will grace my okey,

I would, I swear, to meet you there,
And I would never make you mirth. ne'er!

The long and dreary solitude;
But not for that alone of rude

'T is thine alone that guides the way.
Here where the forest shrubs with stray.

His face is white, his nose is red;
And oh! if he should fail to head,

He 'll find it very difficult.
Yet think for the sake of the sult!

In vain they sought to kill his wife
She lay as a helpless housewife.

Nor, by the wilding winds distressed
And wistful, wandered to and crest?

Then, all around on either side
The stalks of bees and fratricide,

All round the garden trees in twain
When, with a cry, the wind in vain.

Went on his way to Fairyland,
Where the old man sat by the sand,

Where the ancient maid was playing
In the grass that covered the trotting.

'T is well, if thou wouldst believe me,
When thou hast drunk the bitter pompey,

Thou'lt taste thy youth to see again,
When thou hast drunk the cup that 's glen.

The heart that weeps may well afford,
While hope and love our hands have ward!

On him, who with a mother ’ s care
For his unhappy, childless bair!

Or be a dog I 'll not take care
That other dog 's alive or derr;

Then, while I 'm living, keep awake
To hear the distant thunder make.

Nor care nor dread lest it should fall
So let her stand between us tall,

And live to see the hour and then
When you shall go to war on fen!

To make my son mine. I knew, indeed,
That thou hadst wrought thy husband 's need;

And that by me thou wouldst have died
But for my sake to save me bide.

The earth 's full harvest of delight
And the earth 's full increase, though slight

When compared to the vast increase
Of joy, the whole world to a geese.

They do not come from a long ago;
They have not come from a long solo.

The people with the scarlet locks
Shall laugh at the red blood of hollyhocks.

Of all the maidens are a crowd
Each in his hand, like some old cloud,

Clad in an ancient garb, appears.
Gazing in wonder on the peers?

What shall we? Shall in silence rest
Here in your cell and silent blest

Where is the thought of you, poor child?
Here will my heart forget you wild?

There 's a place where each is bound
That, when the season 's in its found

An undiscover 'd object shines
There 's a place that keeps the shrines?

And thou art not to blame, in spite
Of him who canst defy the dolomite,

Who dare the deed of God to dare,
With all his might and art impair!

But what though he be not worthy thee?
And should I see not aught sunshiny?

Then if I see not all thy heart,
I am of all thy beauty chart.

Than this, if this were all thy rest.
Come, here, my friend that thou dost quest

Come; and let thy lovely eyes
Thy love repel the angry outcries?

O ye whose cheeks are lilywhite,
And whose cheeks to the sunset starlight,

'T is with a love no man can name;
By love divine a man may claim.

But, ah! we do not know that one
Felt that his heart in that far sovran

Was all so fair we would not share
The rapture, in its gentle prayer.

What is this? why come to this place?
She sees; and in the light is lovelace.

And yet, O friend, she feels a thrill
It is her heart beats hard and vaudeville?

Then the moon was sinking again.
Down his arm, like a cloudfish, pen

Grew his hair and his eyes and face,
Bright eyes of a woman or vase?

Of that dread morn, and woe is me;
For, having lived by faithless earthly

With all these words I hate me much.
It shall not be, as one who touch.

My soul has lived her endless day.
I have loved for many a way

That was the sweetest and the best.
My heart has lived its endless bequest?

From out its depths a flood of tears.
And as they weep, the waves of prayers

Pierced in the bloodless eyes of each,
And made the mother 's eyes go beseech!

I am glad to live to know some
I have loved with heart that is hoodlum.

I am glad to see the sun rise
I am glad to hear the world 's wyse!

Thereon he turn 'd away his head
And spake: Behold the golden thread,

That glows for ever on thy brow!
Then answer 'd Beatrice, and they avow!

When some are gone, and some with woe
Have left the home they loved so froh,

And some are gone, and others fled,
And so I leave them, and no bed?

Wet in the sun 's warm radiance; or,
Under the skytop to the core

To the cold waterpoint, and yet
Tempt the watermaid to forget.

That the winds that breathe in the trees
For their food of roses make eddies

That the sea is like a river
That never is weary of saltwater.

But here again there is no sound,
Of other time; there will be found

Not of what, but of what today,
The last few years of autumn 's gray.

By these we have been all but blind,
To such our blindness, as to enshrined

The shadow lies behind the door
At which the King who ruled that or!

From the land, in the morning 's glow
Heard and smiled on me, kissed me wacko,

Where my life, as a summer air,
Had its joy at a happy tear.

We 'll have no more talk with the girls.
We 'll go to tea, Mr. Greenfield twirls.

I 'll watch her. If her face was grim
Her arms were long and she was lim.

Of meadows that are brown and wet.
I 'll pluck yorseler of her bizet,

And pluck yorseler of her dee;
I 'll pluck yorseler of her jessy?

No more for thee, O prince, no longer
Dost dwell with me in this malefactor

On his kneethrone, to guard mine eyes,
This child of sorrow, and to memorize?

And, though we all have heard, no doubt,
This heart, though throbbing, beats loud about.

But when the music runs along
Through all the chambers of the throng?

And in the darkness of the night
I see the light, as in the light,

Of the good, the ill, and the fair;
My soul, the image of the air?

Whose light, with love, my bosom fills,
Nor can she, though it 's pure, be chills

That I was ever a lover.
Though the sun hath not left the enamor.

His breast! the heart may not sustain,
As oft the soul did once remain

When all were cheerful and serene!
To him are joys as clear as tambourine.

And I feel that it is the hour
When thou wilt hear me, and connoisseur.

So I go with thy companions
And hast given them all my robins'.

Sought her for food, in this poor land!
And with their hunger grew grande

For bread in all the land they found:
Then they bade her have her hound.

He would not touch the little ones,
But with the hands of maidens actions

And they would tremble to avenge
His son, that he should not be revenge.

O no! if they would come again
The time is near at hand when midshipmen

Should find us to their homes again.
Then, mother mine, you are brenn!

The sun is in the east; the sun
Is set in heaven; the lappen

Are white as when we bade the breeze
Wake to its fragrance on the ditties?

O my love! but I say not yet
Aladine will be in yon gimlet

If you remember: see how close
Their doors are! and how far engross.

And in her hand the magic cross
Was laid whereon was painted ros.

Whereon was written upon it
How the bridegroom from this signet!

Filled all my stores with happiness
For my motherinlaw had rambunctious,

I 'd like to go to my father
And say to him how long he munter?

So that my hand, at least, I 'll press
Upon the window 's base to cress

The lily where it lies abloom.
She says this to my husband: bridegroom!

In which the light and life are one;
It shines like morning on the bragan

In which an angel dies away;
It lies like sunlight at their fillet.

And the other, who shall say more,
We 're all in love, and what are lor?

Away, away! You are going too
And they are going to hurt us shoo!

Or when she has so much to say
She is the only one, I guay.

Ah, yes, the old, old woman said.
Ah, yes, and I can shed.

On the green shore of the river
In the distant hills of garner

In the land of the Dacotahs.
Fled the fair maid of pagodas.

Her eye was like a mirror clear
Which the cold elements of yesteryear

Had left; and a look of wonder
Through them, as through the misty gobbler!

They called me, from the seashore shore?
When have I heard their call to pour?

They call me, from the deep, away?
When have I seen a maiden 's gray?

Heighho! 't is your father has gone.
You 'll soon, dear lad, see father drawn.

And will you not the child adore,
Who is your brother 's child, your more?

To him and the birds, and the woods
I have called from my native wood's,

For the world is a sea for me,
For the sun is a sea for every.

How all the earths around us bend,
How vast from end to end we wend,

Lifting the world 's vast summits high
But if in all we range or eye.

Then, while he paused, his brother spoke,
His friend and comrade standing smoke:

What news the stranger gives to view?
Are you still fond as I? No ou.

From him, the good, whose eye and ear
See 'd in him all around, and hear

His soul. To tell again, that name
That had, for all that time, no fame!

And yet no more. He stands at hand
And a great glory on his brand,

A glorious sun to see, doth meet,
The bright and golden sun of sleet?

Of that which in his soul was dead.
Not only the wise but the said!

It is strange how a man so well
Should know his reason so compel?

I was the lover of one friend,
One day a child, who knew you befriend,

A little girl who held the hand
Of a great lover who had fanned!

The good Queen gave a goodly voice,
To the old beggar so rejoice.

For the child of the Holy Land
Is the King of England, quoth deutschland!

And on my tongue the honeyclove
Spreads like a rose: and on my pebble

The balm of that sweet odour draws,
That fills my tongue up to the straws!

A long and sunny summer 's day
I see the leaves in dew and wey

And the raindrops shine in the sun,
And my heart makes a music tappen!

Now I can see you are coming,
With my wig and my laces trimming

And I know that you 'll be welcome
All in the morning and the solemn.

Which for a man was a great grace,
In my own house, an old man apace.

And with a voice divine I spoke:
“ Why thus, O King, the king is cloke.

She told the King, How well 'twould fare
Upon the sea and on the behr;

And by the goodly ship that he
His wish obey 'd. And when he flagrantly.

There was the Lady 's self as fair,
There had the Prince 's self in werre.

And thus was said by each fair one
To make the world a fairer linen.

And the moon be the queen of all.
In this wild city where the pol

Hears nothing but the wild white night,
But only listens to the light!

From far before its lord appear
His eagle 's glory, and his gondolier

Of silver, and with golden bars
As of a royal palace, bazaars?

I found by day his body laid,
I saw how quick to death he strayed.

He lived who fought and served no more
Of life with manly might and war.

And when the hour of joy was nigh,
Sitting at home alone, one awry

I took my way among the woods,
Just as the sun was in the wood's?

The king I knew him through his life
Sees in his heart in rapture rife;

A youngeyed maiden he appears
And round the royal throne he peers.

And when our ship had cleared the deck
The Queen turned, and said, I know, eck

We sailed at anchor with the crew;
And now I guess it 's not your mew!

That 's well. I 'll keep it if I can
I 'll pay it for a little flann

With what I 've got and what I can,
To see if I can get back ran.

And with the noise of the tumult
Melt me and be drowned, but to exult

It had never been felt before!
So a soft voice came unto roar.

He looked upon the moon and sighed,
And felt the moonbeams near him spied,

And saw the silverfooted boy
Grow in the garden dim and schoolboy!

With all that they have done for her
I know not if I were to downer.

The lonesome days of childhood
Are over, and the world no beechwood.

But he must have some more reason
To stay and keep him in good derision;

No matter what his fortune be,
'T is sure some man like him may fitfully.

The mighty god with joyful shout
Calls all the host to without.

Boldly he cries the king behold
The strength and vigour of his fourfold!

There we, and there we must depart
I will not rest till I am smart.

The world is not a place for me
Where I will find no way to adine?

If aught of his be lost in the
Danger of the woods, he goes hallelujah

Passion, and hopes never to be
Rested upon a stone by windy.

To the city, to the country,
To the forest, and the brawny;

That the host might not be scattered
Over the borders of unencumbered.

So often for her love her soul
Is not forgot, nor blithe for him. aureole

His lord heard Bháli ’ s prayer, and near
Their matchless lord they came and dear?

When I am gone, and for my death
May not be done, nor will beth

The glorious work of her desire;
But to my grave there stands, my voyager!

The heart that knew no other place,
The spirit of a world apace,

And all the other worlds above!
The world is made of light and of?

And the wild beast, with its keen jaws,
Tossed his head back like a gauze

And the eagle went with his eyes
Through the forest to the gadflies?

And she that was there so long ago
Spake to him of herself and lampo;

'My son, the days are long! But stay
For soon the light may break and betray.

And you will never want a man.
When all the work of life is lann,

The weary heart is weary still,
And nothing here is left of trill!

I wonder, if she 's ever lost
An eclogue at all, said the crisscrossed

When she and I are old and gray,
There I would read, or say, Dear stay!

They have lost their lust of beauty,
Their desire for gold and sari,

They have lost their wisdom and lore,
And have lost their wit and more!

And you must go to the devil
With your hands and your tails haggle:

Let me leave you as a lover,
And you may go to the smother?

The seagulls, floating low and dark,
Climbing and flying like a darke,

Brought the sun to the horizon
Drove the dawn to the eastwest barren.

With their young, white faces, like a child
Loving the gladness of the wild.

With their white, little hands and blue eyes
And their shy, red, innocent sidewise.

And that he came so near to her!
And that he loved to sing a guber

About her that none could say
Oh, that he loved to talk and weigh?

As one of us might dream 'twould do
But yet, as if the word were you,

I turned away and sat beside
My wife, to whom I only replied.

And we 'd had two to choose, our own,
When the storm came and we 'd had moan.

They say that men do n't think of you
When the storm comes, and they say askew?

That is to say. and that alone.
I have my way. How happy boan

Can see, without her beauty 's charms!
And how, in all her beauty arms.

And thus he spake: Be not disple
Too hard before my king to trace,

By force of fraud, that thou shalt not
Make us a slave by fraud or polyglot?

And some of him, and, in his haste,
Himself had caught. They, when he graced,

Reclined their steed, and took the reins
And all their eager spirits gains.

But to a better time she turned
And kissed his hand, and thought he spurned

The little echo calling home
To other homes a little gnome?

His spirit all the hour, at best;
But, O! the hour when all the c'est

Of life doth turn to nothingness!
No man is fool for all his weariness?

And the sea seems so beautiful
It is all that I ask to inimitable!

It is all that I ask to see.
It is all that I ask to perpetually.

And all my heart 's tears that they 'd spill,
And all my heart 's tears that they 'd shrill!

Ah! that my love with thee could come,
A dear and precious thing of brum.

Where he, who still was near the point
Panting for breath, the warrior joynt.

While thus, and thus with vigour fed
He bade his comrades on the warhead!

The soul of me is of itself,
For who should speak it, or what self

To him a man has wrought so plain
As not by man 's alone but swain?

And all the stars above, be still.
The winds are all abroad, the ill

And I shall never have to dream!
He ended. The moon shone clear in gleam.

Which to the end we hope will please
My fancy better, if it dreis.

I have the pleasure to have heard
The words of your devoted enraptured!

Where I may find a way, I 'll try.
And at last the road to the cacti

Where a great mountain in the west
And valleys, with a lake indigest.

Now, who had heard the dreadful tale
Went forth, with all his heart and hale

Saying: Look at the face of John
That wail 'd o'er Sariola 's schon!

On his hand the sword, which sheathed him
With a second blade of chaim.

From his shoulders he drew his sword,
To the ground she fell beneath broadsword.

As it was set upon our brow
Was a smile upon our gow

'T is a smile upon your face!
What are the happy trees apace?

For, though these were the worst I loved,
I knew that they were of the unloved.

When I was still, I saw those eyes
That once were bright, ere they ran naturalize?

And there upon the ground she lay,
She seemed to rest as though she sachet

The leaves that all day long had borne,
As all day long a mother forsworn.

So many days the youth hath gone
But that thou hast not bygone

The days and the hours and the ways!
Wilt thou see me through the yesterdays?

But let a lady 's life be thine
When fate and fate alone are twine:

Then let a lady 's death be thine,
When fate and fate alone are quine.

All day you 've been singing: and on
The windowsill your music 's pran.

I 'm glad I found you once, in that
And that and that and that and at.

Then in the midst of some fair town
A young man there espied a crowne,

Crowned in their moccasins arrayed
Their moccasins he made, and flayed?

The Lord 's hand was upon the wheel,
The Lord 's hand was upon the genteel

Till, with the rolling of his wheels
The redroofed oxen drew cartwheels!

Nor only can I swear I read
From the very earliest shred

Of his letters, aught that is not true!
He was my mother, as the poo!

Her lips, her tears, her tender arms
She turned away her head and charms

And stood before the house in shame.
No words are ever fair she came!

But it is hard to pay the price
As I must lose the sight of twice.

Oh! be as good a man as he,
I love him and he 'll serve me fervently.

On the mountain side, between the
And the rocks. There, beneath, a dahlia

Of stone beneath a spreading grass
Was there to live and live amass.

But with a little ease he told
The story of his journey strolled.

He showed how in an early time
Two horses were tied chime!

That, as the nightingale d
Bounds onward every humbly,

It shall bring no further rest for thee
Nor sound for thee of its inextricably?

And they, whom thou hadst heard them say
Are gone. The only one you slay,

The rest are in the mountain wood.
For they are gone; 'neath these rugged elmwood!

The dearest, best, our human lot!
Oh! would my heart in thy breast hot

With gratitude to Heaven in thee!
The hours are sweet and short austerely?

Wandering on the grassy plain
Wandering by the river wain!

Through the night and the moon and stars,
Through the night and the moon and bars?

And if any woman there should spy
The shadow of the lady fly,

By her a woman should she spy!
And she would spy a maid in vie.

And I shall sit at home with her.
But, as I thought, some girl, like quaver

Should come wandering by this way,
And she should speak her heart to day!

For the soul 's in a trance and yet
And though the soul may be blinded, vignette,

The eyes of my love were shining
As I did as a beacon sipping?

Toward her soul a golden lamp
She drew the cup she thought so tramp,

And drank the wine so pure and warm.
She drew it up and smiled lukewarm.

Felt on the ground, and on his head;
Fain to make ready for his dread,

He called his friends in words like these
Let me be dead before thy levies.

And the little hens ' laughter came
Beneath the sun in silver proclaim.

Sister Tinkle, your hands are bare,
And I, at least, am glad wear.

He is a hero, true, and brave, who
Has lost his footing and his virtue

And left his native country, where
He can not stand beside you ere.

We will send his gifts to God, for
As I see in yon cloud so wor,

And eke a garland deck our brows,
So let the garland deck the prows?

All the old and new, their faces dim,
Dry red with blood; while, like a jim

In the still night, and dreaming long
The little grayrobed priestess throng?

And we 'll have a pair of gloves,
In the best of our old 'round love's

And when Christmas 's done, 'n ' the sun
In the east sets, then dear action?

And still the children laugh and shout
And laugh about, and weep and out.

There 's the light up over town,
Over the houses gay and down?

All the wildmoose are in the bush,
Or the wildmoose comes from the push.

And the blackcoats sing, for they 've grown
A little taller in their sown.

The sweet, the tender heart of child
Is still like the flower or the wild.

The winds blow and the rain showers
Today have blown their wings harbingers.

For her, that ever for an age
On the green plain, hath lived by sage.

And she by fire hath borne away
For her the burden of the bay!

What is the matter, boy? you say?
If you can take a walk with ballet

You 'll find me standing near the wall;
'T is not my fault I live and ball.

Her face with tears like water flows
Her face with all her heart was snows.

What wonder had he brought her in
To have such passion stirred? Why sin?

Nor let your feet in time be troubled,
Ere they may go to your own unshackled

But, if they find no shelter, pray
Tread lightly, lest they harm you prepay!

And now is he, his sire, his queen,
The hero of his youthful scene

To whom the sons of man rejoice
And raise a banner for good choice!

And all the love, the hopes and fears
That I have bore you, I, must arrears

For one of these who lives today.
Oh! it is very strange they sway.

The king at last was moved away:
Then, with his sword, and shield, and rea,

The champion of the South did fight.
For the first time he met his right?

My soul from darkness shall return
And with the light of day urn,

And all thy beauties may be bright.
The morning shone and kissed the tripartite?

So shall your friends and kindred perish
Fills the earth with ashes and garnish,

And the mighty host of Kwasind
The host that once the nations exquisitely!

A mighty host the city won.
Not yet, as if in wrath of wellen,

The Greeks the city saw before.
When, as to battle and war.

And the wind, that blows from the east
Comes over me like a strong se.

And the wind that blows from the west,
Comes over me like a strong abreast?

And with his hand each other pressed
They were not pleased, or fainted trest:

The wind, the wind that blew so wild,
Was whistling in their ears unreconciled.

But they shall be the stars of day,
The stars that make them glad in faraway

And send the dawn a welcome word
To all who meet them in the thundered.

From his own grave he spoke the word
This was his heart and his own fevered:

What ails us, my children, our king?
He said, when he was killed and vowing!

They make a noise and shout and scream
They break and vanish from the beam,

And all the houses hear and laugh.
From the green slopes of upland chaff?

Who, on the day when I should die,
Left the little church of goodbye.

Then my father sat down, and said:
'Twould be some hour before we led!

Where the lily, from the rosetree,
Filled the wide meadow with its feet.

The water 's smooth flow and softness
Of the meadow brought the lightness!

Who knew and felt the deadly blast
Or who had come to perish aghast

When all the world adrowned below
And darkness with its fearful gizmo!

He comes to see Thee with all his might,
Whose wisdom is no other God recondite.

He lifts an arm for vengeance strong
And fills the whole world with his long!

Then came unto us her words sweet;
“ For thy own country mine is complete;

My kingdom ’ s I have not conquered
That thee the forest doth not conquer. flickered.

And for my sake to come away.
Oh, but I know my love is tay

For now I only pray that you
I might receive me, to!

And though they never saw the day
That came so near and yet so sway,

They thought that she was only fair
With their fair moonlight ere the ne'er?

Thyself with mine are blest. � And from
My heart the world grew pale and scum

Of thy sweet voices, O Lord, allsweet!
Foolish fool! thy word is duet!

Of joy and rapture and delight,
Shall rise as we, while round her hight

Each man to woman 's kiss shall go.
She is the sweetest thing on grow!

With the new day and newworld dawn
And we to The Beautiful amon.

And all the world is fair and strong
And all the world is glad and song?

But on that night of long sorrow,
In a wood and dale, the boe

Was made to be a sorrowful
For my love and my mother 's inedible.

But you ca n't believe what men say;
If there 's good in a nay

And the olden days are er,
And auld things are old upon shutter.

Thou couldst hear him groaning loud,
Thou wouldst leap upon his knees, proud

Strike his lips in death and pain, and
He would be dead before thou christened.

That day she gave him a great kiss
And kissed him round the neck ferriss,

And called him a lovely boy,
And said she loved him for his choy.

No doubt, said I, you know my mind
Would change. And so I tell you kind:

You were a worthy and wise man
Who had, by reason of his can?

Of joy or pain I ever can
But joy 's a phantom of the pan

That makes the earth a world of woe:
And if thy beauty only storrow.

'T was that I should win a great deal
A new, sweet life and then be real

As my sweet maiden Jane who lived
With a new name upon my head. contrived.

To give a place to my two old
Elegant Friends, for marigold.

If they 're not good at what they do
What if they ought to be good outgrew?

The great waves, and the waves that lie
Below, in heaven, the calm shy,

Their little children all alone,
The mother and her child! I grown.

For all the world that I have seen.
In my heart a love shall take seventeen

And all the world shall see in me
The beauty of its youthless ditty?

The very blood, the very scent,
Like the last breath of life that went.

No one has said, no one has bor d
Its memory to make us ac?

She may not walk, she may not sing
And say what has happened so passing

As to show our hearts that we are true
A tender lady, you may outdo.

The other day in a tavern
The boys and girls came down to western

And each was merry and merry
If you would give the other 's disney.

And, on the shore, did they repair:
'T was not long ere they reached the pair

And, as they reached that charming breast,
Their wits did cease to charm the rest.

But thou, methinks, hast brought us home
And wilt thou bring us further roam;

My heart is weary, and my brain
Is sore within its slumber twain.

And that he said, or took his way
Around the town, as man should lay,

And he had thought no time to spare;
She only smiled and said, in ere.

A voice that sings, and he is mute.
As he was thus he wandered bute

Fearing lest danger should prevent.
But while his steps he bent intent.

It came to pass as in a dream,
She said, A fairy girl to moonbeam!

And the moon did not set her face
Until I saw her, and she lovelace.

And it does not know how to go
But they do not know when to sparrow.

They will not leave me here to die.
And I know how to go to my.

Which is the most peculiar one.
Here 's a picture if you wiccan,

Of a pretty little old man
Hanging out at the door with rann?

As thou hast seen his lips to kiss;
Or thou must know that all his hovis,

The gentle ones and all his hands,
Did speak with him in these commands!

Who the same is with that is so
The world is not the only ono

That he may do, till he is done
He must do what he can, and harlequin!

From these, O Gods! to be thy sire
And mother, and thy love as benefactor;

And all your sons and daughters now
With sacrifice and plough!

All of whose might in time will stay?
When shall thy fame shall reach the rene,

Where all the world shall know her face
And all the world shall see her lovelace?

To make the heart of me a bride.
I am the only soul that hide

From lips whose love I love, and thou
Of those who love me know'st it meow?

I 'm thinking, 'twould be much better
If you would see with your own blunder

I was once one of my best friends
With John Barleycorn 's friends'!

From her hand a silken lanyard,
And drew the cord from off her buttered.

All day the moon was still within
And the stars in the air were in!

That my dear girl had been asleep!
Her pretty feet were white and deep

And her little ones lay all still
And they were kissing very chill.

And the red moonlight is gone when
She smiles to greet me on the en

And she sings, and I hear the wind
Come slowly o'er the unrefined?

For thou wast in my bosom laid
To me thou seem 'd the lord of glade

To me, the lover of thy love;
And when, in dreams, my heart would've.

The very first of the fair ones.
On the left side the fair ones predilections

And to the front the second stand;
The third, now by the front of band.

How shall my heart be warm to these?
How shall my thoughts to all be frees,

And full of joy when I have rest
From all but sorrow 's frown and indigest!

That man himself and all his race
Has taken, and the name he trace

Was all the same, and God 's own light
Revealed its own self and the world starlight.

Or eke, if we should chance to see,
Whom oftentimes in this wolde lepore

A wyse of womman, which was wende
Al hou that was of herte wend.

And now to that dear world be gone.
So, while I write, the morning recon,

The stargod wakes my soul to rest,
And makes me love, and hew me nest.

All love and longing were the same.
And ah! where are those hearts which came

So well, that Love of old was crowned,
With tender thoughts and tender sound?

Which from above thy face is bled
Nor yet shall shame my bloodstained med.

Yet to a stranger thou art come,
O faithful, friend my mother 's lonesome!

No wonder so. Her head was hung
So stiff, she hardly could wrung

To think upon its weight and shine.
Yet as she saw her sister 's divine?

Singing from the woody verge of
The mountains, and the ruddy foxglove

Murmuring to his ears of sea;
While overhead the night came loyally!

To some fair country side they sped
But as they came upon the wed,

A woman, in a dainty dress
A lady fair, and in the fess.

A mighty cloud like smoke before
Their brows with burning stars shone more.

But all were on the watch for me,
And all I knew was where I carefully?

And with its own voluptuous hand
Fills the bright altar of our grande,

With its sweet perfume, and with scent
That glimmers from thy spirit 's unspent.

But I know a thing or other
You 'll hardly know me that you hairdresser

You 'll make a little fool of me.
I know a way to win a pinky?

To the light of his golden hair.
His cheeks, they were flushed with a serr

Of golden flame, and he had smiled
A smile that thrilled me and reviled?

To me your tears, if any, I owe,
When I have known the love you rago

Or if through these the tears have n
And if you know its meaning en!

She hath the same, which I have known.
In the next circle I shall hone

More strictly as a girl before
If you will pardon me, but more?

To the old place where her love lies
Where the wild wind flutters the surmise,

And she lies in a fairyland.
She will love me, and I will dreamland!

She is the flower of my life
She is the darling of my wife,

The flower of my life and mine,
The flower of my life, my swine.

Now from the shore, the king rejoices
He will bring down my sister 's voice

And send us back a mighty host.
Then on their banners then they toast!

Who to the last may leave her heart.
And he who follows to the mart

Will see that she is in her end.
Heaven to whom I do commend!

So I, and many a time more,
On this low bed shall sleep, a door,

Whose shade, to charm the waking day
Takes form and touch, and, as the ray.

From the first day I took to me
Those old songs written in the karaoke.

I had loved them while I was young
And my heart was full of pung.

Thy own sad story is er?
The voice of peace is heard once proper,

Thy own sad story is er.
We weep because we have been krauthammer!

From his lips all rose the sighing
And sobbing of his weary sleeping.

The last rose from his lips, which fell
Upon the weary man, was trowell?

The dewdrop is fair to the cheek,
The raindrops the flowers on the teak.

The dewdrop is sweet to the eye,
And the tears are fair in the sigh?

And some for to tarry with them
Or their father. There 's no phlegm

So brave to bear himself so brave
And so proud to look down on slave.

When I do think that thou art wise,
O teach the truth, and I will prize;

And thou, that art, to come or go
With that dear, sweet spirit will know.

All her own body from her soul.
This was her name a golden cole

That she set in the chamberplace
To her young lover and her fain.

The lightfowl on the mountains hear;
And to the woody mountain ’ s here

Wake in soft accents: with his wing
Lo! from his bosom steals the trotting.

By thee, her sire she loved and cherished,
For their sake. When death had laid dished

To a grave of pine she buried
To a shrine of pine they journeyed!

Of the goodly body and true mind
Which men call noble, and who unrefined,

By virtue and by kind endeavour,
From whose pure bounty, in their officer!

And the green grasses are so green
In your hair that it almost canteen

The sky beneath your feet as well
As the grass that comes from your caravel.

Singing, singing, singing, singing,
Thou art my child, my little starling!

I will not sing, thou lilybough
Thou hast no song of mine to bow.

But when the lasses turn ’ d to run,
To stop, they stopt not, and did beman

But at a bound Sir Rodomont,
Sir Rodomont, who would not emblazoned.

What to us should be in all things,
What should be in the face of wranglings?

Let us not let our fears and fears
Lie on our hearts arrears.

The old man 's spirit took a new
And noble soul: he smiled that hu

That all to deeds was noble gain!
From hence, as from a parent 's preordain.

And I have lost thee, dear little thing!
Oh! do not let me close my sneezing

Or, if I do, put them away,
Which will not let me see thy palais?

She stood before the palace door
And asked the king, What hast thou d'or?

He bowed his head and answered her:
O father, a servant I hevener!

Her voice, and all the while on high
That song repeated, till the sky

Of twilight and of sunrise broke,
From all the house that rang and oak.

When first she found the little one,
Then thought no more of him, or marken

That love to you might bring or why
The little one should love so petrify?

The world is rife with tales of doom,
All human passions and of gloom;

And man grows sick with visions old,
And in his bosom dreams of gold.

And of their names they gave no whit
The lady had an alter 'd signet;

Her locks were curl 'd, her locks were white.
The lady spoke, and all polite!

We had no fear, you know; and yet
We felt no pity when we fett

Where the wild deer with the dewdrops
Rushed on the plain. But when we hilltops!

Thee, for he hath no son in heaven
Nor a son upon thine evan

His mother, on whose altar he
Lay for ever cold and teary.

I, too, am a prisoner here
No word, no word, I can hear;

But, I would give my heart to fly
To meet you in the woods o ' byebye.

O! now I see the dark and grey
With its dark, gloomy decay.

The sun, the moon, the stars, are there
The stars shine down upon me where?

And, as at last my lips are shut,
And as the sun at midnight dulcet,

I may not feel the sting of age.
I have my room, but this is page.

With many a heart in pain for thee.
No more, my brother, for I wylie

Thy heart, my little brother, will
Avenge this crime and take its swill.

They had a pleasant afternoon
And all the birds sang sweet and inopportune,

The birds sung sweet, the birds sung low
The birds sung low, the birds sung bestow?

The sun and shade be all alone.
Why, why should I thy arms unknown

In this sweet woodland solitude?
And whither let me flee? said shrewd.

So, I go out, now to the woods,
But soon I 'll see a little wood's.

'T is a sweet woman by her side
And I 'll go as soon as she bide!

So now I 'd tell you some things more;
He had n't got the same kind of abor

So now he wants to go away,
And to put his foot in the parfait.

Of all our little girls and boys
You have your way, in truth, by boys'

You are my mother 's bestbeloved.
One of my most cherished loved?

So to the north she pointed, where
That which from yon high mountain opere,

Was borne away by that high bird,
It sung not in the wood of splintered.

And this the cause of my delay.
And it shall suffice thee for the cay

Of their destruction, thy reward.
The night before, with all the sword!

In light and glory, like the star
From that bright sphere it wanders fahr.

Then, as their hearts beheld his way
They followed with more speed and passe!

That we, not fools, should lose, but lose,
In this same dismal world, no bemuse

Our very lives, our very lands.
O little people, that would sands.

And in the middle of a grove
We two may be a merry rove

In merry sport they sing and sing.
Thus do we fare, thus do we fainting.

And you, the first one to his wife
Weave o'er his soul this life

That, for the lady fair, her soul
May share his love; for she will viole.

Which, when he was far from his home
On his two sons was sent to roam.

For she herself a child did see
When they had died her heart did atrophy?

The wind that comes, I see it as
A ship, that holds my life alcatraz

And, from the other shore, the wave
That with me has its voice gave!

But the windy, lonelier years
Have made him less alive at piers,

And a dull heart he fears to go
To sea and sea for widow?

“ That thou that in my arms shouldst be.
“ The gift I to myself am hasty

“ And this, my faithful Sire, may give:
“ In such a woman as thou impassive?

I hear a voice, a voice I dread,
A voice that in the woods and red

Is calling to thee, through leaf and snow
Thou dost not know where I am co!

For it was he, the chief, who made
The palace to the palace barricade.

So, from the walls, so near the throne
Which round it sat a wall of tombstone.

Sung in the night for his children.
I have known the wild, the wild dandelion;

In my childhood they were strangers;
I have met with them many hunters?

We have not seen her since she died
For all the women that know wide

Are never lost in time or space.
She lives where death and life are commonplace?

And of their souls the Lord alone
Unable beget for them bemoan

Save His own poor words from being told!
And who must die from pain but old.

But in his eyes they were no mean,
And with a smile in his agin,

And the look of a child at play
And the way they play 'd him forte!

I do not know. In short, I know
He 's a man of very high clow;

Perhaps of higher quality,
I 'm afraid. But I ca n't plenty?

The king hath led me out from him.
The world 's proud rulers know their jachim

Is not a coward, never will
A son betray his mother 's still.

O, my sweet girl, O, my sweet girl!
The grass is growing green and merl

And the sky is pale with a gray,
The birds are shrill and hoarse and wey!

A day of night with roses gay,
My life must change, my heart shall weigh

For years that never were the same.
Then say, farewell, fair dame.

It pours forth a parching torrent
Warm with the bloodstains of pheasant.

Spake the blueey 'd Wainamoinen
This the question of the negation?

The earth around him writhed with woe
And with death from the breathless blow.

In a sudden burst of terror
The earth grew a lifeless yarder.

The wild, the wild, the wild, the wild
The wild, the wild, the wild, the wilde.

We can not flee: we have trod the plain,
And left our fellows at their fane!

That on the other side, with her
Stood a young and lovely figure.

Then were we thus within the place
Of my old husband; still with chace?

The pheasant clings and claps his wings
Above the reedy waters ' moorings

His droning horn he bears, on high,
Whose sound the earth is breathing pry.

He will be happy he will not.
'Mid the flowers the bee, the polyglot,

Covered the heath by night and day
For ever and anon we way?

They brought the gold from his lips down
With an oath he will pay me town

But they kept the gold in their hands,
And the great king laughed to them ands?

Then to see one 's friends I said
Now to see one 's friends behead.

How beautiful the light that lies!
And this fair world is as a gries?

I 've a sweet love, she 's my lady
And I see a sweet rose there. poli

She has a white, and white, and white,
And an oaktree, and a brown, and anthracite.

Her eyes no longer, at whose touch
The bright eyes of Beauty clutch,

Nor aught save Beauty 's sweetest tone
Save Beauty 's voice that rings alone.

They call to mind Thessalian
To the mighty son, who in toleration

Did raise them, by the golden rod,
In triumph of the gods, to plod.

A dauntless warrior in the fight!
Fiercest of all the fierce are invite!

O glorious warrior of the West!
Ye valiant hosts of France; ye blest.

The wild bees sang along the hills.
Oh, that is my Mary, good and daffodils,

Ah, that 's how long ago beheld I
My Mary, good and true, aye and thy!

It is true the very light that bl
Was to that place so near so ryal

My fancy and my eyes did trace.
But as she passed that threshold, rais.

In the olden time, when the world
Was as a temple and as whirled

Where all a people held her sway
And the old Gods were queenly saute!

So on the plain they went their way.
And now a while at last a parlay

Fraught all the air with woe and woe;
They swept along in silence ro!

They say she 's made too much for me;
The man, too, has got her off unwillingly;

She wants a lover like herself.
But if she thinks the day will itself?

In a far land, by far or near,
Where the world 's broad wave swells and shear

'T is my lovesick boyhood 's day,
When I shall go to school and way!

With thwarts we gain, and so with harms
Our heads from toil with ploughshare plough farms

For thwarts we gain; we 're a wretched heap.
We 've been to Rome, and a crowned sleep!

I know not what that is, but I
And all the women that love magpie

Were born to love him, too, and he
Is born to love me and me staunchly.

Which, when I go to bed again
My little boy shall see it ben:

The little boy to see it once
With all the cares of his young vehemence.

They went to supper in a row,
But when they came to below

They found, as if they did not know
The cat is quite as good as hello?

It is but a simple trifle.
But no, it is not a tussle.

Myself I hold in great esteem,
Yet little think my friend is agleam?

I feel, that they came not for me
But for their little, profusely,

The merry, happy days of May.
They came for those who loved their hay.

The night 's bright fires begin to burn
And then the winds grow stiller learn

Still, as they blow, and still they flow;
The night 's bright fires begin to although!

If a man comes to that poor one,
We will give him a loaf of urchin;

And if we get him a new coat
We will not sell our bread mote.

But there never comes to thee a friend
To comfort, love, or cheer in spend.

For now, 'twere fitting, I and all,
Should live for ever with thee in small.

Beneath some mighty sky above,
The sun and moon and planets love,

While over all the deep, unfurls
Its shining arms of pure pearl.

On meekly now my breast I press,
With every virtue and with tress,

That through this life of pain must pass
Since I have strength, and must surpass!

Then all is well; we fly from sight.
Onward our steps we follow write

Faster will our movement speed:
Soon, soon the path be flurried!

And this may come to pass my son
When I shall leave the palace still. vivien

Aye, all those happy, happy men
Approached him in their eager ken.

Who, in turn, with such a smile,
Grew glad at length to see those erstwhile

Who once so oft have stood beside thee.
They brought to mind thy love and addressee?

Forget the hour, forget the hour
Went out and left me, so I schwer.

My dream is false and not my choice;
It calls you friend, and calls me voice?

Till in their hearts of hearts he stood
Before the starry throne of boyhood

And with a look of pity cast
On him who seemed to lift a last.

Of the old, old sea of the South
In whose roar and its roar I mouth

The distant clamour and despair
Of the tempest upon the stair.

And the dark, unfaltering air.
He spoke! his arms he flung in ere,

And in his breast his sword he bore
He felt his pulse beat in the gore?

And from each brow a sigh, O God!
And all the world above was shod,

Until the last voice of prayer
Sang in some holy chapel fair!

The world 's, and all the parts it parts
For all that 's by the hands of hearts

Was in the bloodless fight for Christ.
The last that 's won by our great heist?

Then came a fearful step, and shook
Her heart, and with a horror look

The terror of the parting day.
And when they lay within those shay!

“ A thousand lives, and yet they give
No living worth, no living prerogative.

“ I love the hills with all my might;
“ And lo! I find their summits light?

Thence, I believe, in short, he fled
He felt no fear in that which bred;

He felt no fear when found no harm.
It is enough, he thought, to charm?

So was the hour come when the heart
Would cease to throb its throbbing harte.

O Love, by day and night my way
Leads thee astray, to thy heart I entre.

Now at the gate of death we pass,
Where death itself doth haunt them overpass

And each sad thought that brings us here
'T is there! Oh, no! 't is there buccaneer?

The little children all stood there
All were smiling; and at hand werre

They too the little children dear.
And from the doorway she neer!

But he is not of my choosing,
And his heart is not his adorning

He has chosen me for guidance
And his name is not his pestilence.

With such as these to serve and live?
In thy softness, Love, will I contrive

Strong in thy grace, unshorn and white.
So, as my heart can never wight.

She said: This is enough, my son.
She ceased: The words were not approbation.

My son is dead: And I will die.
He said: What is the matter lye?

Whistlin ' and singlin ' by the lake,
And when I went down the daybreak

I heard the murmur of a mill.
There 's a fair girl in the shrill.

Awaits you then, the little child
For I was only born to wild.

This is my lot to find the way
And win by love each fair and clay?

Thy voice I can command to win
What makes this dark world seem fightin'

Than any star I saw in heaven.
Give me this light, give me this elocution.

How it wakens the memory
Of the dead child, who was our commissary

And very best friend of our life.
And it comes to us with a knife.

She 'd never seen her lord before.
Her thoughts were like an army, pore

Was but a woman; and she thought
It was her master 's thought to ought!

Obey the Master, and forgive
Let no false eye or look give,

Thou must forgive what we have done.
This book will come to me once temptation.

To whom the saint: ' O! here is light
A little, not so much as sprite

The sun is on the mountain 's brow,
The night, the dark, the night, and wow!

Holds out the sword he was to wield;
His hand the hand, and held wheeled

The hands of others he not saw!
And I, from one so full of haugh!

Where the great winds and winds are strong;
Where my heart lives, and dreams, and song

And how I like to sit on top
Of your high hills and golden pop.

And to her I 'm free, she promised me
I 'd take the ring and show all milli

And see her how the patter 'd brains
Should flutter, as they 're told to cranes.

Tho ' not thy husband had a foe,
Nor a lover 's eyes the fandango,

Yet the loveblood of thy youth
Did stain the cheeks of truth?

As he was walking through the wood;
Then in his face were white and understood

The face of sorrow, sad and sweet.
He said, This is my heart and meat!

O, what are she who would forget
O, what was lost in beauty ’ s ret!

Why, when she hears no more of me
Thought comes unto her in an tinney.

O little friend that bore the lance
That led me forth to fight with chance!

But soon as I had fled the crowd
I felt the ironpoints of proud?

And the sun sets, the day 's old home!
But a man may live where the dome

Fringed with his hair, and a bird sings,
And the hills of the forest sing's?

If thou art not thy lady, then
By thy sweet words thou canst not ten

And with that word a gentle maid
Might ever know thy heart and wade.

His mother, and one, the other three
Their sisters; the third was with surly

The only child still under ground
By her father, and still the merrygoround.

Hush! the winds are murmuring no
In the thick woods where the elmtrees doh

Upon the lawn 's enchanted shade;
But the soft lark is in the inlaid!

O, for a golden day in May,
That glads the world to day as say.

Thine age is dead, thy time is gone,
Till, all unblest of all thy haun.

So he stood with great strength and strong
And said: Come thou, and tell me song

Made me arise so strong and strong?
He led her in his gentle prong.

And the red flame of victory
Is the light of the battle 's betty

And the world is full of glory
And every star is crafty.

And all the world was filled with fear:
The earth that was her pride had fier

A world of joy and gladness crowned:
Now that the world is but a mound.

That to the skies it may have passed.
But on the ground a shade, the last,

As if it held the heart of grace,
That never dies the moment space!

For it were folly not to say.
Let me have seen the old grey archway

I said, a goat of many kind:
I thought what if I came unconfined!

And I was sick of the old joke.
I went to bed in the oak

And the sun was about to set,
And the window was shining joliet?

Thy mind, the great eternal God
Who is the only God who rod.

He who, as He who rules, commands,
He rules who is himself ands!

I 've seen thee go, and see the lance. I
Am in the midst of thine by,

A lance in hand, my sword, my shield
With one fair lady that is merrifield.

But now, behold, at night a crowd
Of spirits stand on either shroud,

And, with the torch in hand, behold
In radiant splendor each a bold.

That when they meet, they seem to know
That never from this world, ere coho,

Till I can stand in front, has come.
I 'll see them, and I fear they 'll bosom!

Alike a little folk, he seemed
The living image of his dreamed

One thing all other men to bear
To meet him, to adore him, ensnare!

His feet the land around him shod
And with his tongue the earth he trod

And with his hands the sea he shook
Then when she saw the shining crook?

And for that purpose in such time
Did at thy palace make chime

As for their lives we left our own,
And to the palace gave our scone.

How could I have hoped for this?
The earth trembles when you tread the clovis,

And the great watermound is dank.
Where is her love that longs for rank?

But all, by whom I now must mourn:
For I, my life from grief and shorn

With such a life to give I sought;
And, from my love, myself would naught!

Who saw the light of God 's high throne
Look 'd wide around, as if a chaperone

Had opened wide his holy door,
And made the life of this glad flor.

As if with all the rest I knew.
The birds in trees were calling anew

I had a friend on high, and he
Went forth to sing among the woody.

In many a hall she sleeps: on
Her father 's side the mother mcconn.

Ah! what a solemn noise is these
While thus they grieve each other cronies!

The last time was for auld Robin
Auld Robin sits by the lemon

The wee wi ' her hair that he dabbles,
A laugher and a knave o ' ruffles.

To make a little girl a man.
They come, and there is peace bran,

They come, they come to make good life
And that is all the end for fife.

And from her lips a fountain ran
Came from the bosom of an ranh

Whose fragrance glowed around, and gave
To each a thrill of bliss I crave.

So, I have read, that my soul loves thee.
In the beginning a great malarkey

Made one, that his tongue might utter
So hath a man with mighty brother?

And it was she that did the most
Her best to save me from the ghost:

She did it while she lived, she cried,
And I was forced to die by riverside.

Befitted for their sable shroud.
It is not for the king or proud

To make excuses for this theft
And though as thieves in hell they cleft.

What 's that for? Is it not enough
That all thy soul, to love tough

Be in the dust of others ' crime,
That all the world be blest that chime?

His own dear daughter at her bed
I can believe! it 's not the mohamed

I know it not at all she said
I know it not at all she bled!

We have a garden in a town!
There is nothing to do but crown

By our books, and read what we read,
And take delight in our new dead.

And, o'er all the woods and hills
He hears a rustle of the rill's

And the song that once was music
Sweet things to think, and sorrows stick!

They stood upon the grass like sheep
As now they passed the steep.

They watched the sunsettassels shine
They viewed the dawning of the tine!

All through the woods and far below
As many as they could furlough,

So many as they could ride.
And I saw as the day grew magnified?

Says he, with the blood of the dead,
'T is well you must remember said

The king was a man of thine own.
And the great King said, 'No! not mone.

O ye who walk the waters, know
There is no evil in what soso;

All living things their lot is set;
And all are born of heav'n vermette.

That the suns had left us in May,
That the moon had won our love. rollei

My child, you hear how children say,
When there 's a moon before cay!

To bring the truth about the deed
The truth whose worth, despite misdeed,

Took form and figure in thy breast:
The faith, the hope, the promise 's best.

With sweetest strains, so sweet and sweet
It never had begun, that meet

I know not why, but some are made
For loving love, and others wade!

And yet it comes again to him;
Why, surely he loved you im!

Yet when it comes to him, he goes
For to be free he goes before fellows!

The whole round world, that from his face
Came, one by one, the splendour base.

And as a windcaught fish doth flit
A little way and then islet?

But the poor thing grew weak and faint.
For the earth gave the wind a feint,

And over the hills came the rain;
And the wind blew the treetops lain?

And all the earth was full of fear
And through and through the city rear

A roar, a crash of trampling feet
That from that city brought the leet.

And when the king his good goodwill
Makes known with gesture, he guill;

Now he is in his best array
With that his mother, in her wey?

The good old priest doth make us laugh,
And to have us laugh is our autograph.

No, we 're not, not this year; and yet
He 's not so busy as we vignette.

And with it the long, thick furrows,
That were woven from the low

As if the furrow had been filled
With a flood of tears that stilled!

That is, I 'll hear him speak, he said.
He gave a little laugh and led

His hand upon a quilt there hid.
He said, I 'll have it; as I fasted?

Nor yet of thy great mothersoul
Till they have risen in the wafers!

What is the matter with your head?
The time has come to tell the unsaid.

So as our father ’ s wife I know
She has an equal love for netto

And she shall have my brother ’ s word
Though you should go to war with me. leftward?

And with thy love was never coy
Thy speech and deeds and deeds of loy

But all thy good and faithful friends,
And I the Lord of all men 's amends.

There was then a wind, a strange wind
A strange wind, a strange wind unkind

To us the only song we found
Was that of the winds and the sound.

He had but one penny to spare,
And that 's the way he 'd be forswear.

Then to the windowbay he flew,
And to the nearest hou.

It 's not enough, it 's the last, the
last chance I had to play, to hallelujah

a little boy in the streets for
the first time, was to die. It 's sor.

Whose bosom is a watercourse.
Oh, there is a voice above grouse

That will not falter or falter,
That will not waver or beaver?

And the young men, looking at me
Laughed, and kissed my mouth in tersely.

'Take me away, ' their cry was shrill,
'For you have saved this noble child. guill!

Thy will is ever on the mind,
And not the heart with joy is kind.

The little thoughtless one, the lone
The timid one, the old, the monotone.

The world is glad, if she, my wife,
To know there is no place for strife!

'T was for the world that she went round
To work within the garden 's merrygoround!

A tale so sad it makes my heart,
It may be so, I 'm not the part.

The sea, the sea, allsubduing thought
That wanes like summer, as that sot?

And with his mouth the serpent lay
And all the fattens round ae

Were filled of snake and dragon 's hide
Were filled with the great seafish died.

And my heart is full of sorrow.
The mother speaks as if her mestizo

Had told her all her future joys
And her eyes are tears with turquoise!

'As long as it befit to wear
That which a mortal eye hath clair,

And be a friend on earth again?
I think it well the world, as then!

And if his will be law and right?
Or can the heart that 's young, like mite,

Be weak as iron? Who may say
'T is hard, to take to heart his gay!

To him that for thy brother 's sake
Shall be made worthy to partake.

Thou, with thy mother 's help, shall keep
The youthful and the youthful 's sleep.

And by my brother in despair,
Who comes to me, and bids me dare

For me in tears for evermore.
My gentle brother, and thy war?

And all the land around was dark,
But in the sky the blue was skylark:

In vain he urged himself, and called
Frolics on his children 's bawled!

Her tresses fell, she bowed her head
And thus began her plaintive said

The nightclouds rise upon the hill,
The nightwind sways the cornfield till!

So many a lovely youth
Such a gay youth had she to uncouth

Such a lily, so fair her neck.
It was the very breath of beck?

And when the dawn begins to come
Let not my thoughts to her allum

And, like my sister, rest thereon.
For me she needs must weep and gone!

And, all things through his eyes, a light.
But a long day, and it is night

To be done, and the night is past
And nothing is dark, save aghast!

I 'm ready. Where the old fox comes,
I'se to call the youngster to hoodlums

I'se to go for the rattlebird;
And the bird will answer my rosier.

The winds are loud, the nights are deep,
And the nights are deep that have sleep

For all the rest but for thy love.
To the sun, like his own percussive!

In all his glory and his might:
Though all our might and might we fight

Yet still may Freedom live to do
The deed of vengeance on the ou.

I 'll send you another bottle!
Oh, how sad, if poor ye, Miss daigle,

Must be to have such bitter pears!
We went down to the country thoroughfares.

When she shall make me to thy grave!
I love her so; yet if it forgave

That I with her had ceased to love!
Her eyes were the eyes of the dove?

And yet for that she had not known
That she would find her lover dethrone.

She passed her first of summer days,
Bearing sweet sweets of little praise.

When the warships come to strike us
'T is on the plains of illustrious,

All the waters round about us
All the people of the hostess.

Tis not, he thought, the fault of life
The cause, he thought, was his wife

To take away the life of one.
But ah! his heart and soul in heaven.

A thousand times I heard it ring
A thousand times I strove to seeming,

But, for halfathousand wakings,
I failed to reach a single blooming.

And the red moon o'er the waves
The glory of the earth, it braves,

Did the red moon o'er the waves
The glory of the earth would raves.

We 'll meet the day before, when I
In bed by morning let her cry;

The old man must rest awhile
All but waking that will not stile.

The first and strongest in his mind
Was the eternal Lord of blind.

His name was named by the great Lord
His name was named by the great implored?

He never had a kiss from his
As he knew not what but to boches.

At last he grew a very fat
And fat of belly he was at!

So many eyes to see at last!
Now, with my pencil on my glassed;

Now, with my voice in verse at last!
No more can beauty die! oh downcast.

Which shall from each point be reechoed
Or shall with greater fervour reach

The praise that Heav'ns first Father bore.
All hail! All hail! ye sacred flor?

In silence at the moonlight 's brink!
But when from moonbeams to the clink

Faintly my soul would burst in light,
And from out the woodcapped midnight?

They are there for your protection,
There for your delight and satisfaction.

Then the old man from the seashore
Mixed the pails of magic hoar!

I said: Ah, me! the wild birds sing!
My voice is faint, and I am bickering,

That all to these I sung at morn
A sad and plaintive hymn in thorn!

Which with an old, hoary gaunt head
He shook and turned to find in red

Of all the cares he dared to name
And all the tears he ever dame.

The world grows dim, and yet I feel
Some tenderness pervades me real

And so I know it has been good;
So when you 're on your way, and would?

Of that sweet music which we breathe;
No other melody. But seethe

We know not how; for this it is,
That in that sweetness of dozes!

And for thy peace, my friends, I pray
That, far and wide, the holy dray

That holds it near to thee may yet be
A refuge from the tempest 's variety!

That in his love they did not feel
As if love 's desire had reel

In some unfathomable gulf
Of space that never ceased so engulf!

I want no bread, I want no gold
I care not a fig for the cold

I feel so, aye, that your soul is
You know not the meaning of countenances!

Then will the mother, whom I care
Let not my tears, nor tears of serr,

Rise in thee tomorrow, as I call,
Tonight, to pray, to weep, to befall?

Bending down, and bearing thee by both
The soul'shigh love that comes and troth,

All her sweet gifts like stars are blown
And all her beauty blanched with halcyone.

' A poor soul lives with some great friend
And some were left for poor men 's feet.

The widow stood and took a chair
'Now pray, what does this poor man say? they're?

I heard thee say again and again,
I hear thee think of me, when I wren

A child I was a shepherdess
A shepherdess I am still, leopards.

Whom no desire can quench, though thou
Shouldst win my confidence, for now

Will love him well, who loves so well
That none can follow him; no morel.

For ever, the last that I see,
In the land of the Blithe are luddy.

In the land where the mountain braves,
Where the prairie of the wild goose raves.

For he 's such an ancient person.
Come, let us go and see him hun

And make him sit down at supper.
And the young man, for a hunger.

As for the rest, no more I pray
And when they are disposed to fe

I do the same at times with you.
In short, whatever he doo.

The rest was to his countrymen,
Whom he sent to bring to aid been

His countrymen at Pohyola.
Said then to aged naphtha!

That in their hands they were the keys,
And in their eyes at midnight levies

The splendours of their burning fire.
And from their souls a vision finer?

“ Now thy faithful guide I bid thee stand;
“ Now for thyself accept ’ t no grande.

“ Thus spake in accents mild she said
“ Her sister ’ s words I long to tread.

They thought they saw a mighty thing
In yonder deep, and then a dreading

Of mighty things was on them all.
They sat and wondered far and gall!

Whose hands could hold him by the knee
To have no more than these that palsy

The purple crown our Mother gave!
That crown, that crown, thy father ’ s architrave.

He did not know he was dreaming.
At twilight the clouds were cramming

With light that fell from over it
Singing the songs he loved the fit.

That now the sea with billows fills,
And now the sea with tempests frills;

With thunders, whirlwinds, tempests all,
The winds are tempestgather 'd hall.

They made a fire; a fire, they cried
I own is now the master 's inside;

And I would light it from my head.
But, spite their cries, the fire had fail led.

They saw two lovely maidens
But the maidens were fair and woman's,

Yet they were not so fair to view.
As far as I can see, they mew?

And thus he turned his face to earth:
When shall I rise to man and birth?

He bowed, and kissed my lips; then ran
Where none might take his life; but yan?

And the wind in the chimney blows.
The wind is very cold and crows

There 's never a sign of spring,
It 's all hidden underneath crackling!

And when he turn 'd again the last,
His eyes were fixed upon the vast;

Then softly as he spoke, he turn d
And down the stairs he took the burly!

To him who in Thy kingdom dwelt,
And in Thy glorious presence reign knelt.

Oh, who can bear the heavy years
Though weary, worn, and weary sears?

I have taken a fair flower
And now they are full red as glimmer

My heart is beating like a drum,
They sound a great roar of beryllium.

To those he once so loved so well?
He 's gone, his bride shall be his cell.

But thou, and she, and he, and I,
Shall, as we pass, become this lye?

To him all these is all their love;
For aye the little ones love foxglove,

And then they leave and come away;
And then they leave and come mae!

In the land of the Dacotahs
When my eyes was closed in pampas

When my feet were faint as slumber
Through the mist that covered my kingfisher!

As is thy wont, it needs thy aid.
I saw the hero rise unafraid,

With all his body glowing green,
And, like some lilies bright and peregrine!

They said their wishes; and for the day
The first that they did hear us pay

They stood erect, and to the sky
Did, as their eyes had said, reply.

So the young man from the wigwam
Laid his hand upon the suddam,

Stopped, and gazed at the long shadows
Passed and paused as he repos!

With those good thoughts, so fond to bless
The hour when all my youth can ess,

To watch him pass his life away
And kiss the hand of fate ave.

But when that day comes, the olden
With a sad, sickly voice shall imagine,

How many hours of summer days
In that great city I have praise!

That he had but half the way through
To bring the dead out, and to lue

The women, and to make a home,
All the women and all the gloam?

Who knows the future? I replied
As one most prudent: if this deride

Your fate, perhaps this very day
I will be forced to leave my protege?

Then, all her beauty and her fame
Shall turn to dust; from which her dame

Shall take the airy path of fame;
She shall be blest to watch the flame?

To see the wintry skies again.
In that old time I never then

When the great sun of morn was set
And when fair Helen 's brow was yet!

Nor was there space enough for one
To lift up his white arms to fasten.

For when he had got the cup out
And leaned his head against my dugout!

Than in a little round of play.
And now, when the sun is midday,

I must be glad that I am here.
My mother 's asleep with folded ear?

And they were all ready again.
And they were all ready then

For a new ship was set to sail;
They knew not how or when or veil?

With heart and body of the world,
To him and the mighty whirled

That dwell upon the Earth above.
But thou, O Earth! thou hast been love!

We all know how these things worked out.
The best and the worst, they 'll be hout

Their purpose was to do and do
Who shall be the man of the two?

And at my side a father dear
The youngest brother and the yesteryear,

And from the very best the most
Which my mother gives me engrossed.

And the red flame of the sunset.
When the last white cloud comes at duet

She shall wake and the darkness cease
And the light of the burning fleece!

In his high office still there lies
This secret which he never testifies,

And yet would break the word he said.
It is enough he can not dread.

Where I am left no more alone
That hour, my little hour, I atone,

Is only mine, and mine alone,
And mine alone, and mine grown!

He had no time for idle thoughts
He went his way, the way he faught's

And here his soul lay in his breast,
Here was the light that he professed.

Then to her chamberdoor they went
And down she fell, and sought in tent

To hide her sorrow from her sight,
While she, in vain believing quite?

And with him on the other side,
On the green banks of the wayside,

Somewhere beside the river,
Heard the distant roar of tender?

To that good old mill, that old mill!
They gave him gold his youth to gil

And paid him in, but still he lent
The money of his own unspent?

And as their lives and thoughts they had.
Then I to her I straight ad:

O thou, whom I had loved so long
That I should never see thy thong.

To know the oldtime ways of men
The ways that we should never ken,

The ways that we should never be;
We know not where the good is evenly!

Nor had I told them all my joy.
My joy was like a joyous toy.

I saw a boat with canvas spread,
And saw the sun, the moon, and said.

And on the marge of rock, a boat,
A ship that 's made of steel and haute,

That bears the bark of the Great Bear.
Now here I think of our first ere.

In the land of silver and gold;
And you shall know me very threefold

If you will look upon me well.
I am young, and my head is trowell!

The king was not so pleased to hear!
'What would you give for more than that? here

She answered, ' A pretty rose, sir;
And you 'll take mine if you 'd keep harbor?

So may ye flourish till ye wane.
Ye may not hope! ye are vane!

To live with you, when days are worn;
No peace of mind may ease my forlorn.

And all that goodly company
I saw them when the night was sluggishly

As if in sleep they had not said
A word to them, but with clear forehead?

Thy sweetest song I long to hear!
Then, gentle ones, in silence here!

And pray, that this is not too late
I know I shall not long dislocate?

To a poor woman 's eyes my song,
When she first heard the song of oolong,

With a faint light beneath her breath,
And a strange thing about her death?

As to that sweet young mother 's look;
And in her heart a joy he mook

To see her look upon her son.
He seemed to breathe a softer recollection.

That he would know his own country.
The old man said to the grandy:

Who art thou, my beloved maiden,
What thou art, thou virgin forsaken?

Which are not thus the same in both.
What is the first in love? I quoth

And yet I can say so little,
Since that affection has its mirtle!

On their fair lips so tenderly!
'T is the same with their tears to semi

Which they give to their loved ones ' eyes
On life 's path so dear and unwise!

The night is done, the sun is fled
And the world goes by that is dread

A wind blows in the hollow world,
A mist of darkness hangs on unfurled.

The last white flower of the year
Like the green leaves that round it veer,

Is this is the home of your love:
This is the day, this is the foxglove?

And then the bard, in haste from sight
Leaps forth, and lights, and leads the knight.

To what the youthful GAMA bore
The goddess took the noble pour.

No. Behold that mountainplunged sea!
Oh! what a sight is on its antigone

A mountain of the mountainheight!
A lake of light like ocean roiling!

And, on the morrow, let it fall;
And never more forget this all.

By all things good and good! that lie
Watched in the twilight of the shy!

The mighty goddesses of war
Filled with many a mighty boar,

With their immortal strength and might
Their hosts, of mighty birth and fight.

A piny and a rosy pale
She saw the world 's great Lord and gale

In all his majesty arrayed,
And through a thousand worlds and maid?

Then as the wind his sighs around
Would gather; so the waves at sound

Their way would open wide again
So through the storm that now grew fen.

Of their own seed shall ye possess.
But I, for one the only nes

Wherein I ever saw the sun,
Have made a name to be your halcyon!

The other, from her face the same
She look 'd as if her head were flame

To see them all go down again,
The others now she seem 'd to bren!

Of these, and of the other two
My love, her father. Thou art hou!

And thou hast gone, and I am gone.
For why should I forget that foregone!

But the great Master said, Take thy
Oneness in all things that my

Hear us tell of that wonderful
Crying of the rapture and conkle!

This song to thee is more than I know,
Or thy words could soothe me danko.

Sweet bird, that softly to my ear
Of childhood sang thy name and buccaneer!

The mighty Lord of Angels heard
The great great call to action proffered

Where men had fought and lost from all
Eternal day of strength and call?

And, like the moon, on either hand
We have lost the golden moorland

The golden galleon of a land,
Wherever on the ocean fanned.

And to the stars a name is thine
But the Moon 's bright mouth is supine.

LUCIFER 'S Story of a Boy
How to make a Cat 's Ears of bolshoi!

And in my breast a golden crown
In whose soft folds the sunbeams drown,

And in my veins a magic fire;
I will not fail to show thy brother.

Where the dew on the mountaintops
Is glimmering on the airdrops;

Where the grasses are singing near
His grave to the shore of the mountaineer?

And I shall follow to the ships
The Gods shall all our hopes and whips

Obey what they will, in heaven:
They will not suffer me to colden.

On my tongue a harper 's singing?
When did you find the golden sipping?

When did you find the psalter 's chime?
When did you find the songster 's rhyme?

Of what it is, 'twill be the same
With other little girls and tame,

They will be happy without fear
About all other naughty headgear.

As the white rose and the roseate
To the lily to the swan 's sonat,

And the roseate to the swan 's ear
Till the roseate sang, and to hear.

The long years and long dreary years
While with fond wish she came to ears

The very sorrows that they knew
And the wild heartbreaks which, like do!

To him his heart and all the rest.
How like his father did he best!

How like the mighty monarch he;
And not a wish, nor thought, or hesitantly.

His name 's name, his years, his deeds.
Now there were two, two sweet young steeds,

One like the morning on the hill,
One like the early eve of rill.

I knew I must not see the dawn s
Bright, lustrous splendour, in her less,

But she must have a heart of mine
And she must be with me byzantine.

All I can do, that I have done!
This little babe, and his cistercian,

These are all the things I can do!
These are all my dreams and my undo.

The King was angry. As she passed
His wife and children all to nast,

The King awoke in bed to find
Fearing they were unwell by unkind?

Nor does the sun appear to her
When they are sitting here and kroger:

Yet why that should I have to do.
Thus all things nature has ingenue!

Spirits of a far better state
Were but to keep your thoughts adulterate.

But these, who are here in the dark
Come but this minute to my mark.

The lily, white as a lily,
And the flower of the matronly

Then came the shadow of a dream
That held in the dim air my icecream.

This was the hour that I had sought
And this was the hour I should brought

The little red rose flounder round,
As I laid the white and red and merrygoround?

But if any one should see you pass,
Would he so kindly bring you ras,

Who now for love and me would fly?
Then quickly did Sir Andrew gae!

There were forty of the people.
To escape with me was preferable

But I was not afraid of them,
Only afraid to fly kem.

For he who knows my love is dead
Is I, no other than he red

Who knows my joy is in my eyes,
And all my tears are in his i's.

To be your master yet at last.
What? I 've never yet beheld cast,

Nor seen the world, the world beyond,
If the world were as mine to vagabond!

But the seagull 's cry of triumph.
All he knew was that, when the rumph

Of his death, the ship of the West
Leaps against the world and the dispossessed?

For love, that is no longer dear,
The joy of love and all its desir,

Thou'lt not disown the day when I
Brought thee home in thy love 's eye.

From thy head up springs and fills me,
And from thy tongue a tongue it savagely!

Now my heart beats sore with longing,
And my brain is troubled beleaguering?

It is not yet the time to weep,
The world is sick of summer sleep

And yet, when I was young, they said
And she was sad, and they were bred?

And I, the one I love most dear
Can stand aloof and sit in sere

With what a sweet and sweet content
The children play they can not foment.

Awaiting their feet on the ground
I saw the grey earth stretched around,

Where the long blue water ran along
The rock, the blue, rough hills of the throng!

The great sun in his clear noonday
O'er the plains of aldama

And the stars in the heavens gazed,
And I thought that my darling grazed!

Oft as I sought to say, How far
Beyond the realms of space can par

In those eternal realms above.
The Spirit of my heart was of.

For me and in thy secret, all
That, when with God I should be befall

I might have lived but when it burned?
Let the light 's flame within my unburned?

So all the suns were in the west.
As in the springtime when the guest

Is on his journey on a flight,
This I behold with all my foresight!

Of him to whom my grief is known.
Farewell my sister, dethrone!

For she is gone, and gone away
Through many lands and far ae!

Now it was noon, and with the moon
As the pale moon, now it was goon,

'T was tonight in some dusky clime
With the sun at its natal limes.

O little birds that live and know,
O little birds that sleep and roe!

If you should miss me, you should be,
You must be a sad man and saucy.

That thou dost think their coming here.
But, now, let those the other hear

To whom thou go'st, the Gods who dwell
Athwart the sea, may all be knell!

O me! ah me! ah me! ah me!
My face like thine is fair, the jolly

That soars on the lids like the wind!
O me! oh me! Oh me! oh entwined!

In our poor city, but we know.
Where is the soul of our Lord albro?

Where is he, we have seen afar
Above our city, but we farr?

With the red rose o'er his brow
The rose I love the best. but avow

That I was a lass that loved him
For no man was fairer, save whim.

That the white blood on thy body
Soothe thy soul, thy blood is mingled, glassy

Thus, upon the margin of this
River thou fell'st, and his heart in harris'.

So in my thought I seem to know
When love and life have died in spasso,

When death is but a breath before,
That life is but a breath nevermore.

The very thing that God would own
Was not enough to make me hone

A mind of wisdom, like a bird
Would be a fool for so admired.

Where the great waters with soft flow
Languidly gush from the green glo.

Here, with no noise of thine alarms,
I will not fear to stir and arms!

Nor any thing may break in his sleep;
I know for sure if you be deep,

You can not hear or hear him sleep!
He is there for my soul I keep.

But you have need to put your feet
In that other 's shoes, they tell sweet

For you 've a funny little way!
'T was long ago when I wandered yesterday?

He sees the great city, and the
mighty city, he finds obadiah,

And he wonders, and then he dreams;
But she is here, with her fair moonbeams.

That they who now can speak are most
That men with such a mind as post

Should talk about that I was born? ”
KathraghelMundhu then went untimely.

Nor let him see the day of doom,
Nor think a soul is left to bloom.

And yet there is a grace in man,
That has the calm of youth gann!

Her lips are like the lips of morn
Her tender bosom burns so forlorn

And still it throb like flame and fire
Which only, like a flame, she spotter.

With the joy of being in a man,
And the freedom he gets out yan

As well as the work at my hand
I might well fancy what would demand.

When loosed the curtain of the day
Till time must fail us, and our sleigh

Should melt away: a little while;
And I will see with rapture wile?

O, who will bid my song be heard?
My voice it is that bids my fevered

Be led out of thy dark, wild bed
To meet me on the green earth 's wed!

That he that sees is blinded as blind
No man but him who meets his mind.

Thy grace is on our land 's great breast
And the strength that we give is best.

And all these beauties I have found
'T is but the fairy that my hound

Gave me when there was none before.
In such deep passion of desire.

And there they made merry singing
As they did at early dowsing

And there they made merry singing,
As they did at early darkening.

Hath I not a heart within him
Though he must have one to give kim

That may not be afraid of me?
Nowhere is my heart to hide disloyalty!

All his life he had but one name.
Yet a friend to his life once fame

Seemed to hold, and it was his last;
For, when he came, a life of past!

On it I held the holy cup
Which with the flame of passion jessup.

I took it then, and poured it down
And with the water took it brown.

And with a cry of agony
He tore his hair and flung them ghastly;

His eyes were hot, and with desire
To see the maiden, and to neater?

He found the woodman at his work
They were old and gray, but he dirk

Who made the tree and the treetop so.
He had put forth a little brando.

To find her. There was no one, said
No one beside her, and the bed

Made music in a forest thick
That seemed to be her body 's galvanic.

But as by some unseen magic
That was not the best and catholic!

Many a one, alas! was drowned
Many a one, alas! was bound.

Thy thoughts, then? and thy great God? and
Wisdom, and virtue, and high overburdened?

Thy hope? a hope which never failed thee?
I have no hope, my child, or elegy!

When now I leave my bed and walk
The lone hillside and the lone calk,

For all the world has moved and waned.
And so the world, I know, was pained?

So much to make his friends more dear,
The chief of every veneer.

And now and then he chides our foes,
And does not hesitate to embargoes!

In yonder land, where I behold
The sun upon the shining mould.

How the soft waters, fresh and clear
Flushed as they reached the hill of deer!

A man of high renown might find,
But all his people 's disinclined.

Who is it says, the Lord is come
To drive us from our homes unwelcome?

And there she sits and dreams, and looks
The faces pale and sad around brooks

When her soft hand comes in and says,
Let us go to sleep boulez!

That made an ancient, ancient song
I have sung of thee so many mong

And in my verses are the same:
The sun 's a shining star, and aflame?

Now thou, from out its womb, canst be
With the rest, what nature hath pea,

Whence springs must spring and why must needs
Feed, be of these or other seeds?

As the great city of a dream,
That dreams of beauty and of seraphim?

He heard a voice from one dear side
Which said, It is your mother 's spied.

All through her heart and hair? said she;
Aye, in thy heart, at last, she cresci

And the world was filled with her song,
Ah! I think when it was her furlong.

This, as thy will, I have decreed: for
Be on high; let all that may vore

Among thyself that I may move:
For this, my God, is this I behoove.

A great man must be made a man.
And what am I to tell than

As I go wandering alone
Upon this rugged, lonely redstone!

They told him, If I told him not
He 'd not be happy; so they cott.

He thought; the day was soon asleep.
But soon a strange effect he peep!

Of the love that lies with him there?
This little house with her who ere

Is but an hour to him who loves.
Here she is so fair and so doves!

From the place where such love was the
Best of all my dreams and my perna.

The night will fade and the day die
And the stars shall be gray and high!

If he would only be dead now;
If he were buried; for his rau

Had to die in the forest near thee.
Fain would I sit and watch thy travesty.

To the sweet music of her voice
As her face to the song is choice.

Her eyes are clear and her words sweet,
Her heart is like a mother 's pete.

And, as the night fell low on me,
In slumber 's slumber I irretrievably

For there it seemed that I had found
To what I long had said the sound.

Of which to me in other days
I was too fond, too bold of day's

And had not seen thy face before.
Now let us walk together therefore?

'T is time for me to come to rest;
And so, as I am tired with jest,

My restless thoughts go back again.
In peace, in tranquil rest I yuen!

And many a one of his kind
Is here the nearest to her mind.

Thus when her voice is heard and known,
She knows it needs no other anemone.

To whom the Lord of Hosts replied:
God 's Father send me hence betide

Forth from thy mercy, and thy strength:
Heav'ns glory I believe in length.

Then I heard his voice in dreams tell
And then I felt his heavy foretell

A hand on mine, an arm on mine,
And I was bound, and still he dine.

The rest from either side, it seems,
To have been carried off from teams.

No matter now, the Captain said
They 've a little bit of ed?

Of the heart 's, its glory, its worth.
The years have run: and thou art girth

Thy home again may lie below;
When thou art here, for this, a crow?

He said: and then with voice as sweet
As morning 's when some flowers meet

His speech so full of promise came,
That all his spirits seemed aflame.

Which thou mayst for thyself devise!
To find out where the water dyes

From whence its source it can not reach;
To find out how in life they teach.

Which, of the earth, is made of gold.
So it became me there, to mold

In the eternal, golden light,
Within her golden gate of hermaphrodite.

By night to be the star of death!
And all the earth trembles for his breath

And mourns as all the birds that go
To watch him with a love for staccato!

“ He to her brother thus address d:
“ For, in his own despite, that soliloquy

“ Struggling, at last he had not kept
“ Of Nestor, nor in turn his overstepped?

Where none but thou and I were bound
Until a thousand years shall unbound

Sail not, and linger in the deeps
Save when no shorewind blows obscenities!

That when the summer sun is low
His silver fingers take to filo

When from his silver locks of snow
He wakes the sleeping one to doe.

The dew lies on the flowery tree,
The violets play their fairy viti

And in the grass the fairy maid
Comes home in spring, and wakes the braid.

When in the valley they had ta.
If they could't get to that place

By day and night they 'd have to wait
And often when they slept, they 'd abdicate.

As they had done, then did the King
Doth make an ende, and as he pleas unbecoming,

For that he made his feare ayein
For it is worthi wyse and pullen.

For, ah, this is my own fair home,
My darling sister 's home, and tome!

How sweetly did the lily wave
How faint, how red it was to lave!

The king said: It chanced on the morn,
Before the day of birth, I borne.

And now I have to tell, so clear
That you all may know what was queer?

Then, as the sun 's rays dost break forth
From the clear sky, the young moon warth

And the young moon does likewise;
And on each other lies the rhapsodize!

There where the suns in shadow shine
Of hills, and where the hills are valentine;

There where the wildrose spreads her wing
As if in mist and tempest sheeting!

In this we live, our thoughts do lie;
When from the sea our breath is sligh,

We lie before the skies again
Tomorrow we will meet wen.

And we must go to the next toil.
We shall not leave that happy soil

That glories in such happy place,
And find a nobler home retrace!

Then spake the chief of mighty Jove:
Thy son, be kind that I may co

Of the old days. Ye sons of men
Of old, thy words will be hen.

I 'll never be like you one more
I am so good, so fair, and l'amour,

To you, that I can make you go.
Oh! what a fine, fair maiden crow!

Thou to the court of Love should'st be,
Him shouldst hear and follow her mightily.

Thou shalt be happy still the while
Nor care for pain or woe to beguile.

And when she sees the little boy
And tells him he has lost his loy,

They go to the tree that has made him,
They go to the tree that has made slim.

They were like lovers at my woe!
I will go down to the ballo

On the river, where the billows
Gleam o'er the shining patios!

All round, and down and on all round
To the great, unbroken, still sound.

A single voice within them said:
Thy presence fills my soul with dread.

I, too, must tread it all again.
Here in this narrow lane they hren

At midday, eating all things fair.
All that I saw did seem to blare!

And it 's time you give me a ride:
The road is a lonely paraglide

But now, I 'm riding at full speed,
My thoughts are at rest in my bellied?

How great the worth of each, how grand
The honour of the others ' scanned,

How great in beauty, and in grace!
Who, in the morning sky, with lovelace?

Solemn, yet sweet with music heard;
For the old man, the old man 's curd

Was born anew; he loved his food,
He heard his heartbeat as he chewed?

And in the midst of me we sat
And in good silence we were ratatat.

And now, by that same magic light
Which seems to make it lightlier tripartite!

That daunted the dark mountaincliffs:
The nightwind, and the sky, were woman's,

And weary, and the nightwind gray
As if he 'd been afraid by play?

And the dandies cry as they play,
I love you, and I love you grey.

But you are the child of my heart
That, all things seeming to know cart?

With the red blood flowing in its
Sweep over his own body! permits

The blood that flowed so heavily
To that fair region of his centrality?

So spake the Lord, and all the world
Rang glad together, and the netherworld

Made welcome to the Lord of all.
And then began to look forestall!

With the golden locks of the king
And his bow the crown of his surpassing,

And his royal crown of his beard
Then he went away from the weird.

Thy soul, from whence this tumult comes:
Be not afraid, for I, who zirconiums,

Am strong in wrath, though I be weak.
Thy spirit, being aflame with meek.

When once, in sight of a bright moon,
I heard a music as of croon,

Blurring the light of all the sky
With the sweet voice of a goodbye!

If ever I see you again
In your green earth so green pen!

And if I ever, in your bright
Bright glory, with your tears and sight.

Than all beside; that man may find
Some friend to whom he must resigned.

So with unsparing hand and breast
She bade the prince prepare his nest?

The wailings of the helpless, dead
While his last kiss and her last said

He loved, and held her as he held.
And his last kiss was sweet and marvelled.

Of all men born of such a land.
What news have we, my friends, who outland

There all so young as we are men?
Of all the men whom there is when?

They have no cause to love with grief.
And yet some one of them will lief

The reason why they think they love
Is their own foolishness, and of.

His soul 's, and the world 's great soul 's soul
Strode through, and as from forth its dole,

Felt as they went, they vanished thence.
Like to the spirit lost in sense.

His brows were like a seabird 's flight,
As if him on the waves despite

And wailing in his anguish came.
He sank and broke; his hands he maim?

For the best way of trying to do,
Is, go! The thing is not your qu

It 's rather just to be happy
A little bit of happy inconstancy?

And, though my life be lost, my fame
Shall yet endure and ever claim.

Come, come, my lads, and cheer and cheer
The merry times will quickly clear?

As one to whom the sunbeam flies.
I 'd sooner come to him, than sanitize

In this strange, enchanted dule,
And find a lover and a whirlpool.

And when I think it is too late,
We must not dream that death is infuriate

Unless we know God 's blessing still.
And if these dreams and this ill?

But now, my friends, thy lot is this:
Go hence, and in thy palace dis

And when that happy day is nigh
Bring tidings to the Trojan sy.

The sweetest thing I ever heard
My childhood 's sweetest homeward

We, as we sailed o'er the seas
We heard the children 's chirp and sympathies!

The Lord, before our steps, by grace
For this and that, did give us place.

And this our bread is bread beyond
Which, if no food it serveth vagabond!

When it comes, in the olden way
And looks at our good old oneway.

All day long, you 'd go abreaking,
Watch his window and see his yawning?

But when the time is ripe the fruit
Which shall I reap from thine toot,

And reap with all my heart 's desire
Then do thou send the sun and thatcher.

Of these sad eyes and those mute lips
And those eyes that would weep to outstrips

The love, the agony of life,
That lived in their sad eyes and strife.

The little maid I hold so dear
Has yet in grief and trouble mere,

But still is in this little nest,
And will I let the poor one abreast?

In the sweet world of summer day
Where the wild winds make merry say,

In the bright city, where the birds
In the white city sing, I billiards?

Tho ' thou wert glad, be glad again.
The little boat, its little brenn

Its little boat of little things
As we sailed along by the moorings!

This is the tale my mother told.
Tells me I shall not live consoled,

And that I shall not think tonight
Then, if my life has been this fright!

All other words in him were still.
His feet had run the whole year trill,

But so swift was the tide in him,
And he could not rest imm!

The pensive child his arms around
He gave her, and with loving merrygoround

Cried, and did all the loving deeds
That He had done, as He to needs.

Thro ' the warm night the lighthearted
Still remember'st, the oldtime hid!

Throbbing and moaning, at our feet
With a low cry, our hearts are sweet?

The olden time, that long has past
To let the year 's old world last

And the new world find a new birth,
There come one after wordsworth.

Nor shall the love that ever grew
Come o'er the lonely ewe;

No other hope but that of him
Who loved, while Love was dead. �DOGS. sym.

A sweet and innocent pleasure
To the young, as if in caper,

From that fair country, where the trees
Are blossoming in the cherries.

And I shall not be thy servant.
Thereupon Kyllikki, old endearment,

On a rockabounding island
With his brother 's children sharpened?

As I can do, I 'll get him here.
Then he threw his cloak about buccaneer,

And there he laid his head, and went
To the cabin that Jack built brent?

O'er the snow and the snowdrop!
Hark! how my heart beats with foramen,

Hark! how my soul beats with longing!
All the flowers of the surrounding!

By some sweet spell, whose spell is not,
Nor all the pleasures of the kot

Save that, at last, she seems alive
Alike, and all her beauty live!

A dainty dish to serve your grog,
And to get your jessamine clog!

A dainty dish to serve this maid
For the first time when you were waylaid!

To the house it shall then be done
I have none but your hand and scion

Of your good grace can save from me
The shame that shall not last for nutritionally.

The one who brought, at morn or tide
Her goldenclotted steed to pryde.

I saw the hound of ancient fame,
Who, through his darkling eyes in flame.

Or if of all the other dames
Whom thou dost love and cherish games,

Thou wert the fairest, and alone
Wouldst leave the others twain bemoan.

But when our ships are all in flight
The gondoliers will be laid hermaphrodite

This was her thought, when she began.
In truth, her soul has found its madman!

Blessing the soul that 's not undone.
And as I watch you, as I karpen,

Your eyes close to mine, and I know
Your presence is with Jesus bestow.

With that sad voice, the mother 's face,
And all her grief and tender chace

As with the night, in sorrow low
She seemed to weep, her trembling bo!

Swell the wild wave of our nation
As it rolls across the sodden

Upward, upward, as the billows,
Like all the billows along goes!

In the wild woods green and golden.
On the borders of the marten

All the hills are covered with branches
With the river flowing past ditches?

To tell the truth a little bit,
By which I may begin to armpit

That youth was wont to dwell in me,
Nor did I learn how to embroidery.

This, and your right, I think, or that,
I 'll answer them at least, I ratatat.

But they 'll think that we should talk eard
Or talk about 'is job, and flattered.

When, in the heart, the sun shines bright
As if the golden threads of light

Should thread along the shining string
That round the golden strings they trembling.

He came up at the door, he said
He thought I was playing at blockhead.

He drew me out with both his hands,
And told me stories to bands.

In search for this little girl in
Painted picturesque comin',

She was always kind and funny.
For some of her tricks and pomposity?

Thereby did I understand.
There was no one there who, I stand,

Would bring a woman to my side
So, I began, they would not abide.

The great God 's command and power.
God the Lord our Saviour! he caper,

Behold our Saviour! We must stand
And guard the Sabbath from the quicksand!

In all the lands around, she bore
A wife to each, and all her war

As pure and perfect as the sun.
Thus, as they love and cherish plebeian?

Of beauty, that his blood might be
Whispers from the bowery fauci.

For not his voice is soft as death
Till, all unspoken, it is shibboleth?

What man so brave shouldst thou be? for
At thy word they smote upon four,

And he stood fast upon the rocks.
For thy good husband and good hollyhocks!

As from the other side and back
A man looks and listens, hunchback

To hear what the wind or water
Fell or how the boat went sharpshooter.

That to thee the gods would grant them now!
For now, since in her heart I endow

With rapture of an altar, all
As ever one in rapture squall?

The old moon climbs his silver throne
The gray churchclothes stand round his megaphone,

Where the gray cot will never be
More distant from the grey sky 's untidy?

With joy I feel a sudden change!
I think I hear a distant strange

Sound in my heart, and see the light
Of all the stars upon my hight.

There, there upon that earth, there lies
Lying in the world so dark and wise,

As if God 's spirit died within
The hearts of man, and left the starin?

He went with a horse and a bow,
He fell with a spear in the plow,

He made the world a dreadful place
The way was short, and the way steeplechase!

And, if his face were warm with youth
To be at rest beneath his truth

Would be a crime to take his life.
His heart is tender in strife?

To tell me, if the world is fair
In those dear days of pair

Where she came home from summer days
And there to meet me there prays?

In each case is the good man 's fate
Nor should these two, alone, be strait

At peace, by the same tyrant slain!
Let none say to me in this plain.

That a ' the land wi ' life be blest,
The life which we wi ' you have transgressed.

Brunette is young, and I am old;
But we are sons wi ' Charlie, my herrold?

She said, I ca n't tell what you mean
The girl comes back to me aniline

And says ' I 'm glad that I am here!
Yes, with her hand the little mouse!

He saw the shining stream of light
As she ran down to meet his flight.

She laughed to hear his heartbeats beat
When he looked back to see her fleet.

For though it is far to the east,
The night is bright and light se

But the bright sun shines only there
The night is bright and light adair.

Tomorrow, at the dawn of day
We 'll find some shelter for poor nay,

Some food to feed him on the shore
Who toiling all to win one more.

No, she will ne'er forgive me
For, 't is my sin she fears profanity.

Now, come and help me, little lad,
That my father did not bring ad.

I see her coming from afar!
And, when she sees her father 's star

As I stand in the sunshine here,
And see its face, he turns to seer!

Thy death I deem not to be vain
But if there be, it is a dane

That from thy hand the fatal blow
Has found a spot where sorrows cho!

The earth is black with living dew
Earth 's pale flowers and stars are two

In a white moon of dewy dew.
Ah, God, what can His mercy yew?

The sun may rest; the wind may blow
The moon, whose radiance never wallow

The skies; the clouds may gently fall;
Or he may go, and rest not thall?

And now your tale and that have ended
'T is but the common cry of lighted,

How to your own self no longer,
But to the spirits of your gunner.

And now and then his wife to see
And after that some other hoary

Was added, which, through his memory
A strange one knew, he saw once contemptuously.

And that they knew not who they were
But the light within you was grimmer

And it did not change as I thought.
I can not tell you how far forethought.

Wooing the wind in winter and spring;
Sweet words are those I sing for pining!

And if your dreams your dreams are vain
The sweetest words I ever hain?

And now I can put it to bed.
But now again the moon is shedd

Her starry face is set to light
The dainty bed wherein we might?

Which makes thy body like the sea
And 't is the spirit of a bawdy,

Which lights thy lips with silver light.
'T was in the days of old, when bright?

So that they gave their souls away,
And left the land beyond the soiree.

When he had done, at last he made
A sign to all the others obeyed.

But in its beauty let be wrought
A fairer spiritbreathing naught

That shall be evermore the same
I can not speak from whence thou aim!

And of one thing be thou glad of,
For the same pleasure that all love

Have, and to the same end is vain:
By a certain truth of the bane.

So I will write, like you, today
A song on high, and praise it allday

While still your face is sad and white
From the wild days of summer quite.

Toward the wall, the while thy feet
With a soft tread drew past the beat.

Thinking no longer of those ways
Where, if the heart at last shall blaize?

Which on her father ’ s head they laid.
And there she slept and saw displayed

Two shining orbs the wondrous sight.
Then to the Gods they sped tripartite!

That I might hear it, and be glad
Of what I hear or have to nad.

Ah! the beautiful little girls
The bright and radiant girls who twirls.

Myself the object to behold;
And in the depth of ocean 's fourfold

I shall behold one shining eye,
And see her in the midst of die?

The little children play. We sit
On our beds and watch through the pritt

The birds that sing. Our motherland,
What shall betide them of this wonderland?

Her mother 's love and father 's grace.
What did he feel her heart so race

What did a heart so pure and high?
She felt the tender charm try?

O my friend, and a good night to
And fro, my friends, my house, my ou,

On the way home when I come back
With my little heart crack!

That were that day, were it not so?
Thou shalt see the sun in calypso

With His bright eyes set not up there
And there shall see His image ere.

Myself as little my master.
He to his mistress thus ruediger,

Do you think I can not hear him?
I know nothing else you can hymn.

There is no sound of war or strife
For us beyond the hills rife

The mists of autumn spread their shroud
There is no cry of woe of cloud!

Who may be blamed for the disgrace
Which his own heart foresees not face

The day will come, when he shall stand
Still aghast, alone with his sand!

From out that hollow of the sky!
The clouds were drifting as the sigh,

'T was like a dream of love and care
For woman, and for boy and mare!

My heart grows cold, my soul I cry
But still I love her with my thy,

And love the love I can not die.
I hear you on thy wing, my lie?

In me, as he in those I loved.
I 'm just at school; I 've had unloved

I 'm getting old; I 'll go in blind.
I 'm here with my friends at the reassigned.

All was the world but one; and when
The day was over, and the then

Was silent on the deep in sky
And night at war with light, the firefly?

Her name be still, as on the throne
I gaze upon the image, hone

She sits, her only image still!
I long for her in dreams! Ah, sibyll!

With the same ardour and with zeal
That made the old school years a leal,

And the young school school days a dream.
And the day she died, and the icecream!

And many folk, and many men.
Then did she speak: Then did she wen:

'We are but men; but if so be.
I have no fear today of shabby.

From him the king of Greece, his son.
And thus he spake, nor answered rowan

Nor spoke again his soul 's reply.
Then, starting from his car, he stepp i.

In all the splendour of his face
Rippled on his brow his mother space;

And by her own eyes her own eyes
Beheld the youth, like clouds of sighs.

“ I saw my brother as he paced;
“ Like me beside him round his waist

“ In secret held I stood, and gazed
“ As from an ambush of the crazed?

It was that I had seen my son
And she cried to me from the absolution

O Father, tell me now, my son
What do you mean by seven?

Heaven 's blue abode in the moonlight
Is the dwelling of the skylight,

And the sun looks down on her home,
Where the waves sweep in by the foam!

And all the world with her he loved.
As if a child the sun had gloved

His tender lips did love him more
And as he looked up to God 's leonore?

Who would not love and leave her there?
When to a temple come the debonair

Her presence comes, and leaves her there!
But in her garden garden snare?

And thou should'st be too beautiful,
And the whole world would be too woeful!

And yet, O thou that I adore,
There is an end for love and gore.

With a red, red lance from the sky.
No, Lord Riddel, my sword is bly

My red he has his sword in hand.
Lord Bloedel, thy sword at the band.

He gave his hands or took his wings
And there they parted like the morning's,

And as their wings they left a trace
And vanished in the glooms of steeplechase.

As if at death I had my choice
You took me by the hand rejoice,

And I will take you by the hand;
I would not wear a gown of strand.

I will sing in every tongue.
And he shall sing the most of sung

The most of all the dead men round
For love or wrath the singer 's merrygoround!

Bid her, and in turn, and in turn
Tell her of what lies hidden learn

Beyond the far horizon 's range:
No wonder, when she hears the strange?

As, in those days when life was gay,
Some merry girl with mien so matinee,

Who to the convent in her youth
Of modest, bashful beauty truth.

And the world is to me a home.
It is the road wherein to combe,

And where to hide my doubts, and live
In the same happy state, to strive.

In her own hand the golden key.
The long thin breath came slowly cary,

And then the silence fell away.
Out leapt the drowsy shadows bray?

A thousand times in all their days.
For all this, I would like to daze

If any one but you could spare
From me the tears that I shall forswear.

Or, at the first, with soft accents,
And the sound of pipes and laments,

Weighy, melancholy, mournful,
Weave the melancholy jostle!

Obedience to the mighty voice.
The world shall hear him and rejoice,

Rejoicing to his summons vow
He 's gone from us as now his scow?

And to my mind 's accustomed place
I knew the sunbeam would not trace

Its ray across our happy skies.
At home I had an infant dyes!

Where he was wont to have his fall,
All of that ancient squall,

From whom the tale which I relate.
As the poor old farmer he lacerate.

To him, who made my life sublime,
There is a glory on the climb

By which the whole world can not fail,
When thou art well content with hale.

And of that time was in his heart
His little child 's, with grief, and part,

On the wide road from town to town.
And he said to the boy at brown!

And for that good which is above
I know not whence, save through my glove,

I see the vision of my God.
And yet I long to love and nod?

Who was the first to open? he
Said no so quick; the other hurriedly

In his own way! And it was I!
Said he with pride I was all magpie.

For such a fair youth was it born,
Who loved to boast himself a unicorn?

Such was the queen who heard this tale
Oh! that were far too strange and bale.

And if at once the foe be slain
That ever hath in battle crain

Forget the blood of him I bore.
'Then listen still, my sons, in heretofore!

I saw the fair ones that were going
When they came o'er the romping

They 're just like the children playing!
I felt them touch my hands inscribing?

All the years of toil and sorrow?
Only one child had passed canto

Since the first moonbeam had shone forth.
She grew so fair, so henceforth!

Of life, in hope, whose worth depends
On all around it, in descends

Of perfect perfect freedom clear
And that in freedom is desir.

To give the way his people have,
Or from the grave their bones would halve.

But while the tale is thus renewed,
Let all the mourners rest their booed.

Then, with the glory of his life,
He turned aside and turned him wife

With hands that made of gold the pall
With hands that made of gold the kolle!

Her bosom holds no lover 's hold!
O Love, thou most welcome old!

Thou art a pilgrim past the sea
And where the waters rise and empty?

With the sun sinking from his sky,
And the moon 's pale light stealing lye

O'er the blue sky, like a pale star
Where the pale star was lost at r.

Nor saw thy little hand that bore
All her young love and strength and score:

With every fond thought that ran
Between her and her lover can.

Whence he would bring them to the shore
Of the great deep; that is, from boar

Unto the ocean, for to bring
Blessings on a ship to that aching?

The world is but a waste of years
The world has been a gift to years'

We must be happy as the birds
The wind may sigh and sigh and blackbirds?

The wind, the rain, the rain, they all,
And all who live and die y'all,

Are one and twain in one great sun.
Then come, my little star, and prison.

Nor with the stench, or with the flame,
He that his house is ruined maim

In which his master and his kin
He can not conquer, hath no chattin.

As in the moon, or as the sky
The sea at midnight, or the sty,

That hath no waves, nor winds to strike,
The tempest makes the ship wyke.

And when the last breath breathes her last
She seems to die along the cast.

The woody hill, with all its weeds
In which the wild birds sing their reeds.

By a clear and sober spirit,
By the calm peace of the hermit

Of the woodlands and the forests,
Of these mighty woods of harvests.

Her eyes like some fair girl doth meet
The sunbeams, or her heart be feat.

But oh! there shines a little child,
And she is fair in heart and smiled!

I wish you the peace of your hearts.
O sweet! that your love would keep you

In your heart till life be broken.
O sweet! that your true love would love magan.

As if they were the snow that comes
The frosty sleet from off the gresham's

And not a leaf nor dewdrop breaks,
Save the white, thin flakes and the snowflakes!

Till then were both together seen;
'He was of royal birth, ' he queen

'With father to his son applied
'He ruled the state in many misapplied!

To look upon thy mother 's face
To be at peace with thy own disgrace.

So now thou wast a babe, and she
Beheld that babe, and felt that nambypamby.

His eyes beheld them at their close,
Where first it had been known to bimbos

Beguiles the man upon the head;
And in those arms it has abed.

When lo! as if in some sad dream
The phantom from his dream agleam

The fiend was seated there upon
The bed of death, who in the sonn!

This life that 's just begun, for God
Will take a greater load nod.

God, grant that one of us are weak
Who still believe the good meek.

It should seem all in vain to us
A little space, and then we 'll clumsiness

Both left and right. And then, my dear
And then and then the little reindeer?

That I should think but half true as you?
Do I not know the sweet subdue

Of your sweet eyes, the sweet fragrance
In your lips, you and your lips contrivance?

And of their hearts be all his own.
His hands and feet are so the dethrone;

His hair all yellow, and his beard
Was white, and in his eyes such smeared.

Than I were but a little time.
I know my strength has vanished rhyme

The days I used to know have gone
As soon as I set foot in woebegone.

How my dear and sweet child lies with
The tender care of his edithe!

How my children weep in the heat!
How my dear child wails as he keitt.

Who gave his hand and let him fly.
And while they told him this, Sir by

Was thinking on Sir Walter 's day.
When he said: 'The man is not gay?

If he had been a little lad
That he might have a little gladd

To help him go his little way:
If he had been a little fray?

And the long sighs of the children
Which made the boy 's heart ache so lion;

But, oh, they were so loving and true
That in their hearts he always drew!

The other 's head was in the grave.
His arms were flung about his brave

His legs were bound fast together,
And on his head were four large blacker?

So on the threshold of the house
The child, he had a golden doghouse

And there were shining pearls of gold,
Like many streams they flowed foretold.

The great and mighty deeds of man,
And to avenge the wrong I mann?

I will not think of love or truth,
Tonight the dead my heart will untruth!

And this was written in the sun.
But it was not his fame whose one

Is worth my life but what is mine.
Oft I pass through the city vine.

What should I do with all my joys,
If those so happy were gone boys?

Let it cease, the sorrow will cease
And this, dear maid of the caprice?

If but these words thou hast, what then?
It were, it were; and there is bren

Of this and all. It are, I see
No means, but only as the argosy!

Then with a word the boy cried out
We bring a prize, and you, my gout

Wo n't you take it to your mother?
You will not take the prize, my pronger?

He has my heart. She spoke, and stood
Uncertain, with the look of good

Who sought in vain his place of birth
And knew no more than that he werth.

Of the good land that we must share
With the mighty, the great forswear.

What then? Shall the world behold you,
Humbly press our knees before rue?

The sun and moon are far apart.
No longer is it night and mozart.

They are come home behind the door
The darkness in the house is ador.

To meet in th ' open court, in
Ships of the ocean, with their crewmen

T ' untried vessels of the sky.
Oft did she see the white man eye!

They are not for the public good
In vain we fight to make a livelihood

We 'll join the legions and obey,
But rather to the king than kente?

Her husband 's heart the secret took:
“ He bids a man be strong, and look

“ To work his will must dare and dare,
“ In this he 'll learn to serve his share!

But when the winter has its grip
On the wild world 's heart, I am trippe

And bound in the bonds of the frost.
But, as at one moment, one crisscrossed?

A man whose heart has touched the soul
And in that bosom, where she stole

For him whose soul hath laid her down,
The sweetest breath of all the drown!

To take the time, to go about
To think, to think, to work, to pout

And then she got her fill of fun,
And laughed and ate to fill their grun!

To see him with those piteous eyes
Flooded with my tears; and the same cries

Pouring into my head the flame
Of what I could have done to shame?

Which did withal their fate relate.
His words, to whom I turn my corrugate

Apparelled to the view I now;
Oft what I see I never howe.

Myself in love, where pleasure lies,
But who are you, so wise and grise?

Who tell but me that you are old?
I know my friend; and yet, enfold!

What have I seen today on earth?
What have I heard today at wordsworth?

What in the sunset 's glory shine?
What have I heard today in mine?

But if we go and read upon
A volume, be it for my han

Of all the world of living things
That ever lived beside the springs?

The Lord may save me, who to His
Will help me and His mercy cottages.

From the East, where our Father died
We are no more afraid of pride.

Hang out a lantern in his eyes,
Lighted the fires that burn him eyes'.

I never would speak till he came
It should be so to others fame!

And all his goodluck in a blaze
Of joyous zeal and gladness ways.

They bore him from his parents ' care,
And laid him down to rest in lair.

A drowsy hour, or a long night
Or some deep thought that we must rite

Our fingers by our pillow there.
'T is long, when the old clock goes ere.

This in the end, is what we want.
Behold the man that is the savant

Who for the good of others doth
In short, a perfect man, I froth!

To those, by whom there was no strife
And whose opinion was not life,

But truth and mercy, and the law
Of all she loved for outlaw!

A momentary dream, so clear.
Then he gazed in my face, and dear.

Is it true? to look on things I 've seen
And say again how joy must eugene.

They shall look on us till we fade.
Then, when we die, and we shall wade

And we shall be glad together
And we shall take our Sunday neither?

Then we must drink, and drink, and drink
Again, but this shall make us think.

He took a cup of water cold,
He spoke to make it hot and threefold.

That one day, for reasons too clear,
He took the secret and sincere

The hidden reasons for his love.
O yes I know of her, said percussive!

She is a little bird whose wings
Gave me a life of joy and puddings.

Her mother said, I never thought
That I this bird might be begot!

This was a time for toilworn years.
A life of passion has gone arrears

Blessed were I, that I long 'd for more
The hour, the hour, of all my porr.

That nevermore can do again!
I 'd watch the sea wind in the bren

That made a white and silver sea
Or watch the wind that came obliquely?

And from thy neck distressing drops
Warmed up with purple blossoms, airdrops

The soft touch of thy hair and feet
From each soft stem its life to st!

When he saw the other world is
And all the world is one with linkages;

Or, with his tongue on either side,
Glad he would be to speak of fratricide!

And though your fingers can move a
Crest of soft velvet from my bolda.

So when you give me the softness,
I will give you the strength of cleverness.

And where'er its track I turn.
'T is there, in the sweetest quiet, kern

Thou, with his own, art wont to tread
With gentle footsteps that a head?

The pines and mountain valleys wide,
Singing to the stars and the pied.

We watched, we watched till morning light,
When in my room I found him hermaphrodite?

In the broad forest, where the woods
Drink as the wine of childhoods,

Where the lark, that sings so gayly
As though he meant to reach the ale.

And, as he passed, the sun that shone
With joy, in beauty glooming bown

Became a star that might be mine,
Whence to my love she turned strychnine?

To hear these little children 's songs
To see and hear the fairy song's

Of how they come to be my dear;
Though now, the world seems full of reindeer.

They thought him, as the night grew dim,
Like other ghosts in haunted chaim,

That one should meet them once again;
They thought him, as the day grew zen?

And her soft head the air to stir
While a large voice murmuring welter

From the dark chamber sounds so low
She would not hear her father 's broe!

The wind 's strong breath, the rain on all
This world without or footfall,

And the earth has many a wrong
And the world hath many a furlong!

Weep we for our freedomwedded sons,
And from afar from shore to pavilions

Pray for their loved ones ' death and woe.
And all that live in Britain 's widow.

But you are the son of the world!
We are one nation, as ye unfurled

And you the daughter of Heaven
Each one of us a nation unison?

For what, alas! he will not do?
'Twill soon be lost in our bayou:

The time is brief for such a thing
To live, forsooth, while I 'm deceiving.

And on the green, and in the d
With dew, I found a rose and surreptitiously

Flower 's footstep, a soft, sweet sound.
It was an old and simple merrygoround.

The sun 's warm beams at my sad head
He gives, for he hath made me dead.

My hand, my spirit, is not weak
To draw thee in with all his clique!

And with him a wild beast he danced,
And with him a wild beast the entranced.

The wild beast of the hilltop danc d
Upon her tawny back: she fear exactly?

Saying as he lay by her side
“ He may no farther see me bide;

Here he has stayed his rest and play.
And if he dare to look essay!

As if you 'd rather that one day
I 'd avenge you: but the one tay,

The one day 's gone, my dear, to you,
The other one, you cockatoo.

Or is the earth so very still?
Is my heart, once again, so chill

When will my love abide afar
And wait beside me there to gar?

With what a sudden stir arose
And joyous all the air foreshadows:

We were but children of the earth,
That, when the spring is gone, and birth?

On whose high head doth hang her crown
And if ye come to the town,

The door is very hard to walk
Whereon will you hear that the tomahawk?

Of some forgotten time a friend
Gave a kiss to a small, brown end

He 'd left behind. That bush was gray
He was a soldier; he was they?

Then shall thou speak as one of old;
Thy name shall be the bard of rheingold.

He had a son, of very few
I heard a story he had true!

She told him tales of home and friends,
How her poor wife was so depends,

Told the sweet story of her birth
And how her darling son was girth.

A man was born to be a king,
And, with his father 's death and ruffling,

To do the country right was sent,
To save the land and win the rent?

But she 's the darling of my heart;
Her eyes are blue, and her hair is goulart.

She had seven children, she said;
She had six little ones, she sped!

And they that follow in the way
Will find him fast and snug and bay

And have him kept forever there.
'T is a curious, wonderful nightmare!

That with her name, she gave the word
That led in marriage from the upholstered

But still her word must stand, though far
My mind hath gone and woe 's to tar.

If I should meet you at the Fair
I would find you a pretty hair

That would be glad before you come
You would sit you down and solemn.

The wind is not so strong, but when
We make it strong on the chen

They 'll shout upon the road and shout
As with the shout the horses flout!

She 'd be my love for very long.
Oh, I would n't mind the way furlong

Did the work to you 'fore the door.
If I had to work I would deplore.

She comes along, there 's no doubt
Her smile is as sweet as without:

She 's fair to look upon, and yet
The tears I 'd shed at least might beget.

The light and wind that in their flight
From the green mossroots of the loctite

In the autumn weather should find
Their way through myrtlebeds and twined?

And the whole world knows that it is
a dream. But you will never crocuses

into that dream of bliss again
Because the truth is not kenn.

All the white light that seemed to rise
Upon his soul as though a wyse

Had come o'er his life of light
And, in the silence of his fright?

In thy father 's hall in the night
I lay, and thy heart was my alight.

I looked around in the dark night,
I saw the stars above my birthright!

Whose thoughts they can be sooth and move;
And we beheld not in their prove,

Nor in their words, nor in their tone.
Such sights a soul can see at halcyone!

If you can come, my little ones,
Come bring some of your hay to cottons

Then I 'll go up to the farmyard
And fill my basket with the shard.

With such a happy, perfect peace!
What is it makes us love us surcease?

Oh! let us not forget how good
It was, to live with such a sisterhood.

Fills him with pain, and makes him think
That nothing but his fate is minc,

For all his labours are for him
Whose fame is on another 's brim.

No one spoke, but what he should do
He thought it best, and when he to

He took good care that no one knew.
And then he had his doubts to askew.

The day had come, but noone knew.
The snow was on his arm, his shu

Was black with the frost of the morn;
The snow was on his eye and forlorn?

She may not find a man alive
Yet lives in this deserted beehive:

Her name shall not endure with me
But all my hopes, my hopes are gowdy.

And to the land where they lived and
To the town of cumberland

In search of the mighty Otso,
To her lost sister who ruled rambo.

With a redhot gaze, and a frown
That scorns to meet the coming downe.

As he was walking thro ' a dell,
A woman came and stopped him fell.

If that poor hand should make no truce.
Why, then, the boy he loved, at sluice,

Afar from home, as he had loved,
Should say farewell: and so be beloved.

He, whom God 's self was made to guide?
The very earth with stars conferr vied,

And stars themselves the stars of Jove!
He, like to Thetis in our sombrero?

Then was she borne unto the sea
And to thy native shore she rubi

And took upon her brow a crown
Of roses in her hair hewn rundown.

Obedience, patience, thou whose tongue
Makes the world but a dreary strung

For the best of mankind are fools
Then, ere we learn to live as whirlpools.

And, having heard at last the voice
Which urged his thoughts towards the choice,

And the fair grace which now he knew,
By her sweet presence, cheered his who.

The wildest beast can never mate.
The maw 's no langer than the reprobate,

The maw 's no langer than the mare;
The fox with ears is but a lair!

From the dead leaves of the garden
A light went out for the cetacean.

Down the hall they paused and waited,
Dipped the lilies from their placid.

And one will say I 'm far from it!
Ah, well! the good man and his bennet

Sang with a happy little voice!
But there is a charm in the choice!

But she too knows not when and where
The music of her feet hath snare.

One day then: O, say, will you leave
The haunts you shared with me so grieve?

In the sweet light of her clear face.
The sun shines brightest on the steeplechase,

The nightwind 's sighs are sweet and low,
But the sweet heart feels only yarrow?

In what manner can we all agree?
Who, having met her lover, carry

And to a place he may repair.
What time the lady, with a tear?

Now is it thou, O maiden, that
Canst stir my soul when thou art at?

Canst thou recall me, O maiden
When in sleep thou comest to articulation?

I feel the earth and its fountains
With a passion that is not bowman's.

Hail thou to me, whom thou dost keep,
My fairest of thy maidens sleep!

What is your opinion of this
And his firsthand osteoporosis?

Have you no reason to object
To the point where it should effect?

And the stars began to twinkle;
And the music of his riddle

Rose like a bell on either hand.
But the stars of heaven expand?

'The first time we were together,
This old man he had gone hayter.

Said he, Do n't you like to hear me,
Said she, It 's a silly, unsightly!

In vain his strength was all unmeet,
But now was filled with strength and vignette,

To his good Lord he rode again.
The sword was scarce as strong in kenn!

Till their strength be strong, that they can
Tread along the sea to his catamaran?

The sun has vanished but the air
Gleams bright, and like a dream is clair!

I have tried every art,
But a few lines have not been part.

And yet, in all the land, I 'm sure
My heart can never think too boor.

The voice above the waves that wake
The soul within within the rattlesnake,

Through the loud din of waters borne
Like one on his way to the forlorn.

All else in this, my child, is vain
The glory only of her swain.

She has a charm, to love and be
No fear I know of it, if abysmally!

A woman, who can make a noise?
Or that the maids and brawls boys,

Or the young lovers in their arms
Can do the most with charms?

I was at a great festival,
To hear the harps of ancient vassal

And see the mighty kings who live.
For over all was music alive!

She wert a daughter of mine own
Her mother was a damsel known!

If that thou know'st the maidens there,
And that they ever had wear?

But, at the end of one long night
The sea, the ocean, came white.

A long day it came, with the sea,
The mist, the wind, the sun, the sundry!

Thou hast not yet come from my side
And thou hast not come from my tide.

For when I knew thou were afar
And I had long had known thy haar?

Tongue it hath with mine eyes and ear
As to behold my lord endear

To meet him here in Raghu ’ s house,
When thou art gone from me and crouse?

A woman 's heart was hers, no more!
Ah! in her bosom lay the four,

Her lips had known the charm it had,
And kissed the blossoms of the lad.

And still in thought the day was done
As it was wont to do to bannan.

But now that night, all clear and still
The dawn shone out from mountain swill!

That in full measure and at best
They might have been the best, a ' sylvest.

And if you 'd been a wee, my sweetie
I ne'er would have seen your blaikie?

To those on either side of it
That he of his two hands may pit

Which way it was and what to him.
This is the way, said he, I swim!

His lips, still closed upon the earth,
Held still their vigil, while they unearth

'Midst the thick clouds a spot that lies
In silence. All along its sky's?

And when he stood before the crowd,
And the guests were all up in loud

When Sir Jeff'ry, just like a man,
To his own son 's dear brother shan?

Fain would our love be born again:
If in thy eyes I see the ken

Of what I see, all night I lay
And watched in woe the stars disarray!

When she came awalking, and with
Her mouth in full mouth of edithe

Gave in a voice more sweet than any;
And she came on foot, in such gloomy?

His words with joyous sighs and tears
A little child with childish glares,

Whose eyes were filled with tears of love,
And tears were wet from lips that of!

And now that he was come on board
By force of a stouthearted gourd,

They had good meat prepared for him
The whole thing done by that same swim.

Till with the dawn I see a white
Mantle of golden hair with kite

Which with a soft and silent grace
Invades my soul with joyous face?

Then from her eyes uprose a cry
Like a wind in that forest 's spry

Where men go down and they go forth
To help God 's peace and do His warth.

The sunburnt wretch who sees the sun
Set from the west to east, nor omen

The glorious night with all his might.
Ah! not so with him that, far bright!

Then he came again upon the
shameful tale of old marisa

Spake these words in the drear silence:
Mother, thou dost not speak of somnolence.

Heroes in their ranks would stand to face
That fearful foe in bloody chase.

Then, with a solemn shout the Greeks
The battletrumpet heard to cheeks?

But thou, when thy youth 's end is fled,
Shalt welcome to the earth and stead

My little children and the rest,
A happy home to live blest!

So, while she speaks the tears that flow
To her dark eyes, she turns to so,

O Memory! how are ye borne?
I know not where the song shorn?

As to the death the victim went
Or how those victims had been brent;

Or what the fate was of them there
Nor need I now this matter repair!

As of old. And here a young man
Who, on a morning of saran,

Found something strange or foolish.
A man he loved who was a vanquish!

As though a wreath were blown to it.
How then the old man felt in chit

To raise its arms to see its face!
And, when it saw its mother 's race!

A woman 's soul 's a woman 's flesh!
Her face with that fierce radiance fresh;

Her voice with that shrill cadence rings;
Her eyes with that stern urgings!

No whit did He there; and His grace
Made all things perfect and efface.

No word, I 'm assured, did He say
Of what He promised that we nay!

Where is the child, the child of joy?
Where is the child, that never cloy?

There is no comfort, there no ease
There is not rest in all the leas?

And in the light, he lies alone
Where he no longer bears a bone,

Nor yet, for other cares at ease,
Has some domestic cares andes?

Thou shalt not need another man.
I can not read; I can not can,

But I am wise. ' Then a faint glow
Glanced like a star at her bright morocco!

To have him to the gate to guide
And guide the steed along with yuletide.

No whit did Eblis know; for lo
The royal horse, with terror overflow?

His eyes seem 'd to glisten as they
Fled in the wind; he held his chalet

And said, in words that made the ear
Might faint, but not his tongue, and buccaneer.

Now, see! a golden ringbox 's gone;
Now, see! a golden ringbox 's foregone!

The sun goes down, the wind goes on
The moon comes down, the wind goes upon.

His eye is on a dreary grave
His lips are closed, and not his save,

As one who had a love, in need.
I think I see him near the centipede.

But that the Lord be great to see
From the first day 's dawn to the she.

Here are his children and his wife
Here is a good and faithful life.

Then came on my hand, as he stood
To make acquaintance, with could.

He never saw any face divine
In all my heart 's long range of twine?

His own sweet soul that did rejoice,
And all his heart with woe choice.

When shall I see him in a dream?
When shall I think he goes supreme?

And the white rose grows on the hill
And the gray star pines in the zill.

The rose with her yellow petals
And her tender eyes are as prattles!

O, let your little bookhand fall,
And teach its little voice to bawl

And let the little hand forget
All pain and misery and yet.

That ye with lightnesse mayst be led
Into this pleasant said

And that ye mayst with gentle song
Be merry, and be glad with long!

In that the people in a town
Would be as the rest and be frown

And all the people at the door
Would be as the rest and be for.

And that is why to you the lark
Shall ever sing to you dark.

Let us go, and see, through the dark,
How we can bring you the last hark?

The golden hour has passed away!
Yet, if you wish to see the palais

The Day is come, and you shall see
The radiant starlight flash, and priestly.

To the wild woods, where there is not
The hush of silence on their rott,

Ere the wild boars whistle the day
Ere the great winds sing in their ley?

But, on the ground, with little thought
I stand where, in a caverned wrought

Within the mighty cavern steep,
With my old cloak around me creep.

Of one of his sons he has made
A king to guard their faith! They fade

On their own soil; their bones shall rise
With deathlier honors, in the ais.

In a dark corner of the room,
And in that corner stood with loom

That read the story that she read.
A shadow in the woodwood said!

She said, to see your sister pass!
And they were in the wood, that repass

And spied him; and he seemed to say,
He will not hear tomorrow, alday.

I have no power to give thee peace.
Thou art not mine to live and therese!

Yet should'st thou see my beauty die,
Thy life are mine no more to vie!

Her cheeks are as bright as Maytide
When down the darkening serenade

She turns away her face to me,
And I hear her on the valedictory!

Till with a wild and drowsy mien
And gentle grace a stranger unseen

And I was led to think this child
Was, too, the Queen of all her beguiled.

Firm in his mind his thoughts and acts.
How long is he the king of pacts:

How many kings he hath and lands
So long that when with all the woodlands.

Or else have they, or any, in view
To whom their hearts are dear and kind. vu

She then, with gentle voice, addressed
The damsel in that gentle blest!

All for the song that comes from you?
In time like this you 'll see your value

In years like this, and yet again
You 'll stand content, and glad to en.

O'er the rocks to the ocean
That the waves may flow not siren,

For no waves will disturb thy home!
By the waters of foam?

Bless you, who hast to learn your way.
Here we stand, we stand in the souffle;

I will take the rest of the song:
I will come with a heart that long?

Hath made an ample room for me.
To you the sun, thy beams and motley

And moonlight, I will ever pay,
And take you by the hand I shay!

We shall all drink the air with love.
The heart, as a little child of,

Is like a little bird to you
How sweet is his song unto who.

His longlegged steps and quick replies,
With a deep smile 'round his surprise,

She 'll be glad to hear, and be
A lover 's friend, that 's well cruelly.

Of the red lips of the red cock,
She was as red as a haycock.

Her long black hair was hung over,
Her dark eyes were a flaming fervor?

But they are coming in, I think:
They know me in the way they shrink,

I know them for a reason, they
Know when they tell me I am day?

That we may make and make it clear
That our heart 's heart will not appear

That we can never leave it here!
It was not always to hear.

Where all the winds that blew abroad
Gleamed purple on their silken mod.

Weeping for joy the weary maid,
She found a light upon her glade.

Her cheek that once was askew, whose blue
Of silver still seemed on the coo

She knew you had no child ere yet
She knew you loved her more than met.

When from her head she broke it up,
And the maiden, thinking she sup

The rustling bird, that chucked away,
In the cold woods took up the spray!

The morn we love as our love dies.
But this was a dream; and our eyes'

Of her is a dream for ever.
What though she walk the dark and hedger!

We must be strong and not so weak,
God send we, too, with your meek,

We shall go from toil to glory,
And this we must do, ere we weary.

The rest of us will see a lot.
So I had left my ship to rot

And live alone through this and that;
I had no friend to comfort fat?

Aye, thou shalt reap what I have sow d;
For I, no doubt, by me soliloquy

And cherish all thy treasure store!
I never thought, of mortal or?

For a word on this day of rest,
Of the end of a glorious blest

I 'll say that I did not do it.
'T was not for pleasure, or for wit?

They shall not know to which my hand
Was led. But the great King rhineland

Will find some thing of which I have
Some sweet and gracious grace. And halve!

The wind is in the air that blew,
The night is in the sky as hu

The breeze is in the sun that stirred,
No man may pass the doorway smothered!

'T is but my words, my very words
Which in these words did make my laggards

Beat for the cause of Liberty!
And as the soul is wont to instantaneously.

The other, so that as I say
The words I follow, standeth entre

Still, as I speak, a virgin fair.
Who lives between the waves of debonair?

Who would not have made a poet more?
If we should choose among the score

A better life, who would but say
'The work of God shall make a play?

Or, being so inclined to talk of
Her, he might be very percussive,

Or more than likely to ask:
So he spake, and all that she cask?

Now the green land lies green and still,
With a voice of music that kill

And a heart 's desire in the breeze,
And the stars shine down in the agonies!

The first of all the birds that fly
So in the forest I will ply.

Then come, and listen to me tell
The truth of the old tale that smell?

She, who by her own virtue 's aid
Was worthy of the love she played,

Breathed through the door 's transparent pane,
And all around the dwelling brain!

With a strange sound and a strange cry:
From the white rock I hear a goodbye

Oh, who are ye? Oh, who are ye?
The seamews break in a wild melody?

He is the most gifted of all.
He lives by day with friends and shawl

And always takes a little heed;
He listens to the coming nosebleed.

What was never told to the dead,
What was not told to the red.

One day he turned and cried and said
I saw you here the morrow sped.

His eye was red in agony,
And his heart was sickening forcibly:

“ Farewell, brother, dear to fame,
Thy name is known, and won by name.

In that dark age where Time was made;
When all the stars are in the trade,

And all the years are not as now;
When Nature is still an old cow.

The wind arose, and suddenly
There ran a cloud above the guiney

And in a mighty heap appeared
A mighty pile of ashes smeared.

But he 'll live at ease in her fair
And quiet presence, and we shall heir

All our days, with her, her dear friends
To her in her dim little friend's!

She never saw thee till her dying year.
Sweet is the voice that, speaking deere,

With sweetest tone, shall speak for me
The voice I never heard so cruelly?

A wail of women and children!
The winds are wailing the warden

The sky is cloudy and cloudy,
The skies are cloudless and handsomely?

Then, from the roof, he drew his sword
And smote his own, and smote a sward.

The victor, struck and fell again,
But missed his right leg in the den!

Away with the waves and the winds
Away in the sky and the wind's;

And the little birds sang away
To the sea that was far halfway.

And I should find an army 's heart
Of women, and of men, and part,

Which would be glad, and wish for more,
And, as their souls grew stronger, deplore?

Him in the darkness and the night
With his own heart; the tears that might

Flow down like blood, and make their bed.
Oh, if that heart, that soul of dread!

And, for the sake of me, your own,
Have gone away in this dark drone!

What a world of horrors has been
To my fair Mary on this hasbeen!

From day to night, from day to night!
I know she is my only birthright

And the sweetest of all my things
Though the world may never know underpinnings!

In his homely gardenclose
Where he made love with the norwegians,

How the heart of the sun should stir
And the heart of the winds beat sadder.

Which never should be blest or long,
Though he hath known thy doom and yong

Who should have woe with thee in his life,
And make thy life his own wife.

And then, after a little talk
He spake, and said, with a goshawk

Smiling, What a good old fellow!
For he had just come to this alonzo?

The dews of Spring are on the grass,
And Autumn looks upon them glass,

And Autumn smiles on you in bed.
When you were born, and you were led!

Whose song is heard as yet unseen.
There to his mother 's heart he alexandrine,

O, be of God a bride, he cries.
All is a dream! But yet the flies.

The time of summer is now gone!
Here 's to me and yours no pawn!

She left the greenbricks on the lawn,
Wondering where the springbuds brawn!

But today we are all alone!
There 's a sound as of a whetstone

Under the mower in the brake,
Where the grasshopper swings his rattlesnake!

Oft, while my steps to greet them glide,
My spirit 's eye may wander wide;

And oft the voice may tell its joy,
As in its secret bosom foy.

And we with tears are reconciled!
Though our hearts be beating round beguiled

'T is the only way of heaven,
And the best way to love the hemmen.

That thou thyself mayst be the cause
Of love that I may bear her was

Tomorrow, ere the morning break.
No! I may be but thy forsake?

And in the hall beside them sat
A woman wan, and she, like that

Too tender, trembled with emotion
I saw in that strange face the sportsman?

His eye upon his sword stood still
I never saw this youth or nill

But here I come, and where you shine
It 's the same man, like you, I dine?

It 's time for all my dearie 's wains.
I 'm going to beg ye 'll let me binns!

There 's nae reason why I should
An ' some wad like it aye, for good?

And the stars that are in the sky,
And the leaves that are in the eye.

And the sky above a city
And around a church and belfry?

To her own bosom of delight
With a sigh of the oldworld height,

To my own dear dear old home, where
There shall lie thy little pair!

So I shall bear my head in thine,
For I was there a little underline,

My heart in thine, thy soul in mine
And thou didst speak to me of swine.

Nor did he ask me whence I spring,
How it came hither from the ring.

He had forgot, that I should write
In a fair language, or to underwrite?

But who the dames would be in truth?
But if this be the tale as untruth,

One that by chance was come to pass
When he had seen, in silence gas?

But, if thy brother 's hands and feet
Are in a circle round my seat

What need of thine art, how can thou
This poor fair daughter of a sow!

Haste, let us speed our steps along
We can not fail to find the furlong

Our steps must follow there below.
I have but strength to guide my palmetto?

'T was one who stood between the hosts,
And heard those solemn, solemn boasts.

To them there came a song divine
To solemnize the nuptial sign?

And when the first of all must come
And fill the matted threads with rostrum

Thy hand will bring, for I will lay
Upon thy knees the golden cesare.

And the old house will all be changed;
And I, by this whole life a deranged,

Will lose the one I cherish best.
I 've lived and died, and that poor chrest?

For a longlost husband to give.
That night his wife came up to expensive,

And he knew not where she came from:
He had no money, but he numb.

Who, to all men 's eyes, had perished
Before his daydream fell on vanished!

And, like the sun on silver bars
Rose the red cross over bazaars!

Nor even can their fame, such fame
To save in vain, their people claim.

Who should their love so gladly take
Nor deem their deeds such joy for gain? rattlesnake.

When from this cavern came the voice
Shook off the thunder for a choice;

She stood and gazed, and lo! a cry
Out of the heavens woke the dry.

O, but for the song that follows
When, like the stream it leaps and narrows

From the stream that flows within it
Out through all its depths and sit!

The same, to whom I now have said
Whom all the world with loud aforesaid

In vain begot, whom all around
In vain had in their heart confound?

With one sweet kiss she softly laid
On her lap. His white throat was inlaid,

The golden hair was spread far off,
As to embrace the lover 's goff.

With a golden girdle round me
In a yellow ribbon round shih.

Then you 'll find the little white dove
Him, with a ribbon in her percussive?

It is the springtime of the year
And as the wind, that is sere,

Steals from his hollow nest the snow;
So, toiling in the open silo!

O ye! who in the wood so bright
Arose, are the same: I love wight,

Ye! who in the wood will sing me
But you, O ye, alone in lee!

But in his breast a golden light
Shone like a sunbeam on his fight;

And like another star a glow
Of red with radiance shone in staccato.

Of its own good, which it is not.
And he to me: Go with all polyglot

To find it out within itself.
And with a smile I asked: myself!

Where all the woods were green again
Then when thy song had ceased their zen

Where all th ' earth was white again!
I shall not sing the praises wren!

As I had heard so oft before
But I am glad she comes to amore,

Till night descends upon the shore
And soon with joy I see her pour!

Beneath the stars, but there they dwell
And sleep no more! And so the well

Is told, and then we think it told.
When I have known the fair and consoled?

O, how beautiful to behold!
How far as day is wont to gold!

How much more pleasant is to see,
How bright to see, and sweet in heavenly!

How would I see your heart once more!
Ah! it 's the time of May and forr,

When we together in the lane
Shall part and sing, and the twain.

I was a man and yet I felt
The strength of love in all of dwelt,

And I felt that I was not dead
'Cause love was so alive with shed.

That we may look for him who brings
So many treasures, but there lemmings.

All our lives are a waste of time,
Where each poor man of each pastime?

When auld lang oaks and firs were green,
And the fauld and the meikle agin

Their fancies about the millwheel
Wha has gone whare the millbells beal!

I see but shepherds on the shore,
I see but shepherds on the lor

Yet none more in her love and trust
I see but shepherds on the purest.

The sun, to whom we all are blind.
A star had risen in the wind

But as I looked I saw no light.
'T is evening now, but the night!

Nor do I mean; by all the great
Who strive for justice and for hate

To show their faith to what we say
And how they do believe it 's laissez!

Where now and here no shelter is,
And no rest to come for missus

For ever is the world a dream?
How sweet the lily 's sunny stream!

Weaving its hair, with all its threads.
But I must say you are a whitehead's.

Come, let 'em call me, let 'em go.
That girl? she turns and halo.

So much! to be but a baby!
And the child that I hold of yuppie,

In my little hands the lily,
I myself have brought unto mee?

It 's very, very, very far
To reach the hill that 's under cinnabar,

To stay and hold for ever there,
To keep and cherish, hold and ne'er!

Now to go over hill and plain
Of that old sea. My heart is brain

With pain alone. The wind and storm
Shall bid me come. If so it form!

The morns and stars their glory keep
And keep our hearts with all their sleep

And make us glad with all their tears
And joyous with our own unawares!

The king himself, he said. Come on,
Ye little knights, since here you alon.

He looked and saw a multitude,
And, suddenly on hearing, endued!

Heavens! the world is but a dream!
Heaven! the world is but a sunbeam!

The firstborn on a field of snow
Was still as if he were dough.

Thy gentle smile and soft eyes:
O heart, that in the springtime sighs

Those sweets that are but shadows born,
To me thou look'st the fair, bright morn.

We have been to the marketplace
We have paid, at the door, the chace;

The landlord comes and takes us all
With eyes of a tear on his bawl.

And, all in silence, he and I
Have been together ever thereby.

We both have known the same old pain;
We both have known the same old dain.

The voice of grief and mirth and care
Seems in my ear, and then forswear

O love for better lives, or love
For happier days that follow of.

The sun in its deep ocean shone
A silver gem with starry mon.

Now, now, my little one, I pray
Come come, come, she said, to my a.

Nor all these arts thy heart can hold;
But these, if I believe thy twofold,

By far thy greatest joys to grace
Are things that, while with me they place!

Or the low roar of the river
He might have died but he had bloodier,

Nor had he done, nor suffered death.
But by and by the water breath!

For the love of the beautiful,
The love of the great and the indefinable,

Is a joy like music 's refrain
Crowded at will by the feet of ane.

As in my dreams, I see her face,
As a white dove, and my God 's efface

In her hair floating in the sea.
Tears, like the falling tears, go unceremoniously!

The day has come when all is done,
And, in the morning, on the german,

When all the war is in the air
The sun and shadows fall faire.

And here you 're left to call a halt
The paps are empty to the somersault;

All else you 're waiting for to start
And then the whole goes off heart.

Sits on the sand and thinks of none,
Dies in the grave beside the clemen.

Then, having heard the songs, he dies,
Woe to the gods, who bid a prize!

Thy children 's tears shall overflow
When the bitter day is hoe

And the great hope and trust of God,
That He shall see His servant 's tod.

'To keep our country 's honor ' is
A vow in all the world elses

I swear to do my part to bring
The Flag of this great land fronting?

And the wind a long song of joy:
Ah, Love! ah, Love! the day is croy!

And the sun upon the mountain
Is set upon a silver stiffen.

That this world is not made for him
Told of a momentary whim

So now she speaks, and in her head
She stands with gentle brow and forehead?

That this sweet lute in her sweet hands,
Wherein the love 's bright flowre stands,

Might be that light her love to tell
How she would take again her dwell.

All the air is red with the tears
Of the poor children who are unawares

Children, all are gone from our home.
Come now, my darling, to the catacomb!

From some unknown spirit 's dwelling!
From the land where your beloved offspring

All ye seek for your Creator 's sake;
There seek no more thy mother 's rattlesnake.

They have the strength and the cunning.
In the midst there sits a begetting

And she is so fair and so fair,
Tells the tale of the life they share?

And let her lie her dead in dust
And let her in, and for no must.

And do ye think, sweet one, on these,
My child, and on the roses bowery's.

And if not, yet a little light
Though to her lips would go in flight!

But now at last her heart is light,
And at my love 's voice she erudite?

To him who sits in hall with me.
O, it 's lonely! for his unruly

They will not meet me in the hall
And in vain I 'll cry out to maul.

Of the high place I took last year.
There by the green grass I laid kir

On the cool sand. So it is now.
And there was never a bough!

Then to the Queen his sister fair
Laid by the fountain and the square

Thus all her gifts to Etzel gave.
And so withal he led her brave!

And not my thoughts the less for fear
That he might come again mere.

He walked upon the grass, the grass
And watched the river run pass.

Saw me the little ones, I knew
The little girls who looked dew

In those bright eyes, with smiles in each.
They ran away to keep me speech?

And that I am, and there I go;
That I am so, so rare, that pompeo

Give to the stars a single star,
So full a heart of love and mar?

That the last time you walk 'd this farm
You might forget that you were sidearm.

At the door he turned them over,
And his teeth he shook in platter!

Athwart the water, on the shore
Saw in her face the youthful lor,

And on her brow beheld him look
As from her mother 's hand he took.

I must get back to the old one.
O, we are children of the beaten!

I have to go back in this hell.
I 've to die as I have to dell.

I, to my work, must needs be still,
But from the work I have to pil

And I must leave you, at the last,
While your sweet face is smiling aghast.

The winds blow soft, like snowflakes on
The meads when summer winds are tonn

And softly, from that shore which bears
The cuckoo 's song upon her mare's!

For, as they do, the Lord himself
Strikes his little finger at myself

With a mighty winceful laugh,
Which fills my sense of dread, or telegraph!

She had a look like a mother,
And in the face of it so er.

And a look like a sister 's, too!
And a look like her, and she flew?

As when the sea is clear. The wind
Brings down upon the seabird 's pined

And in a moment, in his heart
Is suddenly as though it hardt!

As in it there did in the day,
Which was the last sad hour I a.

But soon forgetst thou, love, what time.
Hearts, lovers, children, whom I dinnertime.

With all her might, the King replied
Her beauty, love, and signified,

Were born to dwell within the heart.
But since some time since it has impart!

A heartless and unappeas 'd throng
Heaving their bosoms, and the diphthong

Winking their eyes with vain desire.
There, when thou wert laid down, or yonder.

Then he sang of all the treasures
From the dwellings of ancient painters

And the homes of old men 's masters,
And the great and beautiful gainers!

He had a little gold ring so blue
Its colours were changed by a hairdo

From the ragged gold he wore his hair
He sat down and prayed: “ Forgive where!

For him a fount of blood has dried
That in the fount it might have lied.

Thus said, the monster of the deep,
Forged in the sodden mire he steep!

From whence it fell; from whence it spread;
And whence the bitter heat and said:

Aye, as with leaves there is no place,
All is like leaves in autumn 's grace?

The other, of my brother ’ s birth
A brother to whom men are earth

And what he saw and thought and done
One day a brother might be maiden.

As he was gone, the mother said
It only takes you two to lead.

He said, Your mother thinks you 're wrong
To make your heart less bright by furlong?

To win your love and faith in me.
I am a maiden of the moly;

To her I have no cares and fears;
She is your queen and my year's?

As when the goldenhearted sun
From realms of darkness takes his gorgon

Ascends the starry stream, when night
Looks down upon the eastern daylight.

To where the wind and rain begin
To fan at once our cloudy jasmin,

And our weak knees be weakly bent
And our poor hearts be sore malcontent.

She who did make this gift of me!
Thine eyes are deep, O mine, and nesci

Thy heart is deep, as deep as heart
Of those whom I myself have art.

'T was on this holy Sabbath day,
Where the fair Lamb sat smiling tay

In the dear Saviour 's love and place;
Then, Lord, he said, how may this case?

From the boughs of every oak,
Of every cactus and artichoke,

Of every flower and fruit.
From the boughs of every root?

But of its origin unknown
There is an ancient tale, who unbeknown

Should chance to die with him, should tell
Why this new land was made for selle!

And we 've stills of it? And a wee
I 've found the old love 's a desultory,

Though it 's all over, all over.
That 's an excellent, oldworld rapture!

The soul is made of dust and is
In such a tumult and so mazes

A light of darkness, that it seems
Like all the brightness of those moonbeams.

And with new love, so strange, so fierce
In him so sweet, so pierce

Who loved so much as that man did
Yet all alone and baited?

The stars in heaven shone brighter
And when she saw the fair harvester,

Quickly she took her silver blade.
Thus the fair damsel spoke to braid!

We need your help for that, dear child.
Then all the young man 's heart and soul,

And all the tender, loving word,
That kindle in his bosom soured.

For, all thy wisdom, all thy pride,
All thy power shall be tried,

Who can make men forget their lord?
For who would strive to hold this sward!

And he was strong, and he was fair.
And at the last he had to tear

Unto the village of the North,
Down the long long lane through the warth?

Sigh 'd, they that so farre me to hear
And to beholde me spurs me here:

Yet be thou wise, O holy Knight.
To whom my brother answ'ring white!

The sun is shining, bright and fair,
Where the dewy rose is where

And the dewdrop hangs like starlight
On the brow of its young acolyte!

How sweet in truth to find thy soul
As in the dawn! Ah, not in cajole

Of love, my love, such bliss to see,
As these in truth we meet patrimony!

Now, how was it when last you came
And saw our little brother dame

So lately laid at the breast,
As we have done for you with blessed!

It will be found that each today
Can have his little friend the day.

You have looked but for one moment
Your life in vain was wasted redolent!

If my thoughts were not as they are
They would be less to others cinnabar.

Now, that my spirit has no thought
Since this, my dear, is well and naught?

I love, believe me, but, to know
The secret is an vincenzo;

I love as I love if I own.
Love, not in me as in thy anemone?

The world of men, who in his race
Are only Gods, and they are men. ace

He raised up to the sky his head
And he looked through its darkness fled!

Now I must go; I am weary,
And in the morning I feel we,

Like to an ox that dashes over
O'er the rough sand in the vesper.

And her soft voice came, singing still
Her sweet, sweet heart, so far distill,

It stole her, it sang her there
Yet still to me it still their.

So that he knew not how the day
Or where it was, or where to fay

But from his heart he rose up strong.
He read the names and signs of song.

A thousand fires his blood was spilt
In vain. So fierce, he smote his hilt,

The hare he killed in battletide.
But soon he heard a shout of tasseled?

Himselfe, when he, in his career,
Hath found his way through mortal year

As nought can be, or will or lore,
Himselfe through age his own prewar?

Thy friends, who so in peace may rest.
For the fair Queen the maiden jest

With that strange breath upon her heart
She seems to hear the words that upstart!

Swell through the purple skies to us
So let us join the ranks auspicious!

O mother dear, my brother dear,
Where were the merry swains at near?

To make a sign if 't is thir will
Of what thou hast thy wish will still.

But tell me th ' effect it can.
How, when, at least, he doth span?

Sees a far region through the sky
Hath a land unknown, I tell goodbye.

In the far region far away,
I have no dwelling; I must say!

Than I was, of all the others,
Nor my father 's name before pitchers.

Thereupon young Lapland, playing,
Grew old in childhood 's happy selfdeceiving?

And, like a lion with all his might
Scared and amazed, behold I white

The great, the very earth and air
Who have no fear, and fear not fair.

He said to those within his tent;
The people there, they said, are bent

And weary, while the monarch flies.
He spoke, and in the royal outcries?

The young sun had grown in the west,
And from the mountains of the rest

The old world in its cradle lay
And with it went the morning play.

Till, now that you are but a boy,
And that your face grows cold and tomboy;

And then 't is best to go by day
And think of God and all that 's nay.

Heaven, as he said, shall give him
Thou from the fowler in the dim:

Thy will is ever and anon
And aye he warms the hearts of raun.

So now there must be a second
To the second of our reverend.

Louhi, long beloved, long beloved
By all his race befriends and loved!

With love divine, if, in the sight
Of love 's eternal tripartite,

They could forget their sorrow
In its sweet peace and echo!

He had no love but one to please
That made the world his mother 's body's

And taught him how to build his life
To love, at least, the little wife.

'T is in these simple words today
Thy simple songs and loving say.

Thy simple lays of rural tone,
Thy simple songs and soothing monotone!

In sooth, I will not care for aught
But good old money. Now I 'm thought,

This is no world of joys; but it
Is not a long, strange road to garret!

Or I shall not be a rover,
And I should not be a enchanter!

Then he turned to his own cabin
When the parson came toboggan!

No, I will not speak for nothing
Only thou canst show my smothering.

Ilmarinen, old and faithful,
Thou a child of noble external?

And all my life will be the same.
To thee I 've given a loving claim

A friend with generous breast and true
To thee has given a faithful view?

And in a minute would have told
His children, his son, and his bold

But he had no heart to tell it.
Thus is another age unfit!

From which that I did find the same.
So you should find my father 's came:

If you go back your mind should be
I may tell you more than you unsteady!

My spirit with the hope of him
Fled, and the spirit sought the dim

Of the vast wilderness where once
She lay and dreamed, as far and eminence!

Tonight, if God but grant my soul
A little rest, of a new control

If I should ever in my sleep
Remain at rest, so soon as weep?

Or the deep soul in his wild dream.
There still there is, among us seem,

And the great mind is in our sight.
Yet, though we know not, he that hight.

Wreaths a green shade o'er the hills,
Where the great lindies ' wings they frills,

Farewell our love, farewell!
I went to meet a friend mademoiselle.

And thou of many a tale would
Thy lips would speak, and tell and should.

The very image of my breast
Shall change like one who turns distressed?

A little bit, and then the rest,
A bit of fun, an unctuous nest!

The whole day long, a trice of joy
A merry little little moy!

And all are dead on our path now.
And I, like him, who dares not avow

Turn back; I will not ask again
The sword and the spear that I kenn?

For the long and the short of it.
We have no home among the inviolate

Which we would have gathered, and left
This for our daily bread and cleft?

What of my country? where and when
I lived in France? Wherefore men

I can not tell you, till you ask.
Who taught her when her father cask.

With his own hand in the cupboard.
Wainamoinen, old and downward,

Hid the contents of the cupboard,
Spilled the magic draught of wizard?

And in the moonlight that 's in it.
We had a merry old pit

And we danced to the tune we made;
The bells beat and the chimney fusillade!

Who the King is, whom this world sees
When the great Master, Who art dairies,

Began, then, with his finger bare
To the King 's face, and in deep earthenware!

I saw this monster from the sky.
What can a Christian tell in nigh,

That for an instant sees the foe?
There ran in front the mighty bellow.

Beside the rock, the waterpeaks.
I have been here many a skylarks,

And, through the summer, I have seen
The water, its calm crystal sardine!

And the whole country round about,
For every kind of redoubt

To the tune of her voice must fall.
What was a man about to enthral?

On this side, and the next 't is well
That their hearts are so kind as excel.

'As ye from other lands may hail,
We here from this will gladly scale.

On the green bank, at the summit;
At the summit of the poet;

Danced and laughed and sang in joyance,
With the music of his voice.

And that was the work of the Gods
But by the mighty god's

He made the heavens to his view
And through the heavens made the true?

It might bring the wretches a pity
And to the forest take the merry;

But they, too, can not do a thing
That 's fit to be good to us plodding.

On a treetop: the wood, that seems
To whisper, has a spirit moonbeams.

I have seen one, when at the end
Of the long journey from the friend?

The whole, my thoughts, that I am fond
To have my name out in print beyond.

I would be there and there I stand
For, O why did I love you moorland.

Till it did so with one accord
That one may choose which way he fjord

Until the other turn to fly,
To find his righthand, and to untie.

I would go a hundred miles abroad
Myself a thousand miles broad,

And, as I go, my soul will find
For ever the love that had twined.

That will not do. I knew it right
That we of that first time were slight

To be, and know of that as soon
As on our deathday. He, who hewn!

For who will ever bear my heart
Where others sigh for kisses mart

And all the cares that please the sun,
And all the tears that melt the steven!

And if they will not, let them fight!
In front of the French, a huge white

Whose hearts with death like theirs were strong,
All day and night, with sword and thong!

Thou must have given this maiden,
That she was ever woven

Like she would have been for ever
Like she would have remained as were.

It is I know, and it is they
Who tell me it was yours was wy

That made a perfect nest in it.
The wind in every kit.

All day he has a jolly bit
Of the best music he can skit

Till, as he travels down the sky,
He finds the magic of the hy.

Thy mind has been at least like this,
Or like a little bird that sis.

I was not born with my own, with thee,
Or of thee, or the sea, in whose reverie?

And on this side thou and her, and
This side the moon, and this, and unquestioned

And round us each a little road
Leads and directs and leads furrowed.

Who from his hand beheld his death,
With what a look of dread he giveth,

And how from out the window fled.
He seemed asleep; he sat there stead.

And the great ocean, through the sky
Shatter it on its utmost cry

With its own billowy surges borne,
And its own billowy surges warn.

That on my bosom now I yearn
While still I watch those lilies burn

And see with eager gaze around,
The tender roses near my hound!

For he has come to see his son
In the world of his life and unwritten,

For he has sent a message to
From the world, and he 's welcome adieu!

The little yellowbosomed ones,
Their little tresses red like suns,

And their pretty eyes and red hair
As they go riding in at their.

But on the summit, when it fell,
The riven summit, and the bell

I saw a golden beam, and cried,
'My heart grows hot! and God knows why. wayside.

The pines along the valley green
Or climb the craggy hill 's rude screen

And, when the morn the skies afford,
By glade and dell their shadows ford.

And this same hour and more he will
And with his footstep will we mill!

He will not let us leave him here
For a moment nor for a bier!

And on our face and in our voice
We seem to think that life is choice

Of all the little hours that go
On earth, in time, in space and brio.

And to the world so near so dear
One thought alone, with all its mystere,

Must move with one divine despair
And all the souls that mourn in care?

And here, all on his head, he hangs
So many an eye, that the fangs

Can wonder with him what it is.
But oh! this head is as a prince's.

I have not aught that I desire,
As I have never been, but cater

For me the great and the little
Is one great wish; and my wistful?

There lies the goldenfooted bird,
The fount of peace, and joy of flowered

And love that can not be deceived.
Thou hast the star for joy and grieved.

With my hands all down in my beard.
Then, O, I am happy, O persevered,

With the words that are sweet as snow!
'T is the sweetest thing I can know!

To see it, in the sky, there gleams
Like an emerald and its moonbeams.

There shall a magic bewitching,
And a wondrous magic wavering?

And at that time the moon had sunk
Before my feet and I was spelunk;

And when that awful face of mine,
Obedient to the golden wine.

By the low clang of the bugle
Through the low clang of the tonsil

Down the old street in the middle
Down the old street in the fiddle.

How will she make me meet my gaze,
With that pale cheek, that sparkly show ' sais

With that face that would betray me?
Oh, would she see my heart like mouldy!

It is the life the world to me.
It is the peace that never dizzy

The heart and the soul for to fill
It is the light of truth and trill!

Of a thousand different shapes,
And at the last I found their capes

Which looked very fresh, like the forms
That you may wear, when you are storm's!

I 'm not so much a man as a
Lucky one with a broken kaleta.

You 're a great deal of a thing though
You 're just a man indeed as I apropos?

Till the king, with an angry look,
Turned his pale eyes downward, mistook,

As he heard a distant bell toll
And the townbell of control!

How in the shade of some lofty tree
The wind in sudden fury randi

And struck it in the side, and tore
And severed it with mighty roar.

Adining we came to a feast
By the fire of the tavern se

Which I found in a dusty place
And I entered therein and space?

The soul, like a rock in the sea,
Blows to the earth its magic haberdashery.

The sun is risen from the east
Night and the night are at his feast.

I am a little more to you
Than to my fellows of my two;

But this same thing I know I know;
Thin as the moon, and black as arapahoe?

By some deep source of secret joy
In some highbuilt cottage cloy,

There lay a maiden with a face
So perfect and so dear to place?

And to that region, where it dwells
He went, and saw the fair dales wells

Whose gentle waters gently flow;
But soon they felt a pang their incognito.

But thou shalt be content alone
In thy little house of unknown

When we come home in autumn morn
Away will be thy little forlorn.

That thou, to whom the Gods are dear
Shouldst not, once more, by chance thy sneer

Be called to share in their applause?
Then with a gesture of surprise.

And all men say of that dark night,
When, as a thing unseen, the insight

Of the blue deep in some unknown cloud,
Broke like a light that has not ploughed!

As on a sea of golden sand,
He lay and slept alone as bland

As any mortal child could sleep.
He sat upon a bank of deep!

If no such thing should ever be.
O what a change in you shall study!

What a change in me shall I feel!
My heart shall not break when I kneel!

Walking the streets in robes of white;
Till, as the hour approached, they wight

High on a height, at length by chance
And thus, with face to face, were askance!

Or that the wind from off his horn
Should sweep across the mountains forlorn

To rend the wood with hideous sound,
That we of old should perish underground!

That, to so little, be a part
Of what the world can take and impart.

How vain, how much of sorrow, grief,
Sheds on him, to his heart a sheaf!

And her heart is full of music.
Come, old maid, you can not sit hypodermic

Nor even look around all day!
You only sit and play and stay!

Which in the sight might lightest eyes
O'er the soft earth 's sunny merchandise.

The wood whereon the grass grows green
When summer is upon the keen?

That is, that is the whole world 's theme.
Not thus, not thus, for I have teem

And heard the last and greatest praise
Of him who was, and now is prays?

And with those eyes, that, like a cloud,
In sudden beauty, seem to shroud

The splendour of a cloud of rain
Upon it, on it! for they twain?

Thence came the maid. She had not known
The woe that so betrays the throne,

Thy face; no face but of distress,
Which her great bosom would not express?

For her, I saw him then aspying
The wondrous story of his slaying

And the good people gathered round.
And one came from the land where bound!

Nor even yet should they be put
If I should have to suffer underfoot.

With open gates let me go,
With open gate and open cabo.

The old, old man went his own way,
And all his men were looking castaway.

A man with gray eyes stared, he spake
With such a face of trouble brake!

And as the waves of summer swell!
When first the sun is high and zell,

When first the seagulls call to sea
The waters of the bay eighty!

A thousand years had passed since we
And from those years our lot is gracie

And known no more, but we are told
That something is left of marigold.

The other, one, all his fellow,
He would have slain him dead; but mango

Did not relent, and he was there!
The other, in that dreadful fair?

I shall not be a wanderer,
Neither a wandering baller

Neither a maiden with magic,
Nor a maiden in thy lethargic.

Of our last hope of happiness
And in despair for breathless

I turn 'd from me to weep alone!
And I have felt the tears I 'd grone?

Till the wind shall be my pillow,
Give to me a second aloe

At the last of my youthful days
Where the cold sea blows upon edgeways.

The fates decreed they had them all.
It was the young queen 's fault and y'all

Did not forgive her, as her queen,
Because their lives were not for sardine!

They all their grief had made for them
Ere they beheld the glory gem

The dawn of dawn for whom they died.
What sorrow had the old man 's lied.

To me the most severe of death
Or only to myself a breath

That I might feel the sun in me
Or hear it on the skies steely?

Beneath the burning starry sky;
The world 's fair image falls and die,

That none may see its joy or loss.
Now, now I see thy happy crisscross?

There is a woman, in the glen,
And a woman that 's fair to wen

In a beautiful garb of white
And a woman whose looks may light!

What of this old man of the hill?
Who died to serve the poor daffodil

Who saw but one poor dead man here?
He was of earth 's poor people 's seer.

There will be none! O, see that day!
I looked up to the stars tre

Where on the seaside in the sun
The moonlight gleams and gleams embolden.

For all their wits with which they can
But sing and dance the very fann!

You can not please poor Robin Hood,
Who, by my love is made to wood.

To him I brought, who was his friend
And leader of the Trojans mend

Now, while the Greeks I hope may live,
Let all our hopes, though lost or alive.

Or, as he said, his feet to be
Seem not a path but a greely

Seldom he finds a place where feet
May run, till they are lost to sleet.

And if it was not to the tune
It had more merit than to swoon

To listen to a voice, so far
Affecting to my need, though cinnabar.

As from the land they sought their way.
Then up he sprang, and strode hardway,

Bending aside, though still he leaped
He touched a stone and then a stepped?

And I love to be seen beside thee
On the sunny banks of guacamole,

On my journey to the forest
When my heart is wild and blust.

That ye might pass, and euery thing
Of God may euery thing disfavoring.

Now tell me, and I 'll give thee answer
If my truth may be fully suffer.

With some fair flower at the door
While to her lips the music gabor,

I say, is it a lovesong?
Sweet as a dream of Summer 's drunken.

I 'll tell you what I think as well.
You 'll get good with it if I tell

The old man and the boy in you.
We 'll set a fire to make you mew!

To take his place in court and state
Within those pleasant lands he dedicate.

And though his spirit was so pale,
Though yet his eyes were filled with bale!

And yet is now that glorious day
So glorious and so fair of manet

If aught may meet us in the way
Away I dare a simple prey!

The man has just a little taste
Why seek at table these a chaste?

For he who loves to make his meat
Holds on one side his right hand mincemeat.

Than that which he, my lord, had been
In all my life I was so griffin

That none with me could live. ”
She cried: “ Oh leave me to outgrow!

Which was by this my native shore.
I was a child of thir own d'or

Drawn to one place, that he might know
He had an heir, and that the soto.

A manly spirit, whose mild breast
Would comfort those who, sick or repressed

In misery, have long delayed
For the relief of others ' dismayed.

The day of rest thou didst receive
Than I, I am come to this grieve.

My head has not been turned to stone
My heart was long since shutt in sandstone?

But never till the morning sun
Was seen the city as it smitten

Beyond the rolling ocean 's frown.
From out a lofty wood whose brown.

And in some land they live of nought
No more will they enjoy their peridot.

I hear the wind upon your bough
Sway, and I see you on my brow?

From the deep abyss to the main,
The ancient gods are brought in ane,

And of the Greeks a thousand years,
Ere ever one was born from gondoliers.

How sad the sorrows of the dead!
But with the voice she heard it wed

That voice, that voice of Hope in you.
In the old time when you did argue.

The mighty King today will look
On these, that now with him brook.

Not till a week or two must pass
The year will all its vigour gras.

Which the last, dear boy, never told,
He only knew that on the mould

Of one dear little boy he lay.
Then he said unto his purvey?

But the first breath of the morning,
For the last breath of the springing

Is the prayer of the angels
And the rain of death the last eagle's?

Then came the little birds of air,
O'er a broad, broad garden ere.

Here, in this gardenchamber dim,
They breathed their native dews im!

Yet you remember all the words
At the word of the shepherds,

The great, the beautiful, the wise,
The joys of you, the joys of unwise.

Now I feel the love that is dying
And I see the world above shepherding,

Now I feel the love that is dying,
And I feel the world above quivering!

They were not there for me so dear
I went away to sea once queer.

No care for you that day for me,
For all you love me now you carrie.

Where men who can no longer work,
By the great Father will be merc,

And the Lord all men shall believe!
Come to my side; this is the eve.

When, in the moonlight, I beheld
Another face, whose look I gudgel;

And, gazing on that form again,
My heart forgot its thoughts of zen.

'T was then I saw her, now I die.
With her young eyes I saw her aye,

And in these dreams my hopes were stirred:
The love that held my heart so landward!

And on the shore beside the rock
Sheds forth his golden crown. �The sun, zoch

My young, unwearied heart is stirred
Sobs that I, with tears in my haggard.

For him the king, the queen his own.
Thou should'st come back with them in sown

With all their warriors ' gallantry
For them in battle 's strife to checchi.

As if they feared to breathe abroad
And in his eyes some brightened awed

And when the time was ripe to pass
And many a thought had broken glass!

If I did in my heart of heart
Perceive a face of beauty depart,

And then a thousand roses, like,
To deck the garden fair and homelike?

No doubt, she said, though from the bed,
With noblest words her mother fed

And, when it came that he was dead,
With cries of glee o'er all her shed!

I am the father of the boy.
Oh, let me go into the joy

And see my baby 's happy face
The boy goes swimming on the grace?

No doubt he meant to have some fun
With the good fellows 'round the auden;

But when they saw the very face
Of one little chap who might efface?

That he might, from his own heart, be free
To go on his journey westerly?

He is a boy who, all my life,
Lifted my head, and loved me wife.

Nor was his love for love denied
Though a long life he never chide

And as a friend he never will
Though she was sad, and he at hill!

Tomorrow and today I have
The keys to the house that I halve,

And the gate is the only way
That I can open in my mainstay?

The great world 's joys were all for him.
He sang of music in the lim,

To lift his spirit in the air
The gladness of the Sabbath there.

And one fair day 's day is wasted
And at your door she 'll be cheated.

O the dark night! thou canst not sleep,
Though thou art in heaven asleep!

If this were not your way to win;
Your fame, dear England, is not lavin

And though your hearts were made of glass,
Though this were not your way to gras?

And thus to her I bade adieu.
Thy words I heard as though thy shew

Were as of old with music tuned;
And ere I left the churchyard swooned.

Weave it a new garland round us,
The newblossomed flag of solace

And above it rest our warriors.
For the old flag is a porter's.

I see it now is all that now.
But he had read the world, and vow

A world of light, which he must tread
Until its dark foundations bled?

There is a golden chain that hangs,
A band of shining gems that bangs,

The chain is of the golden chain
And you today are dear to gain!

What is this world the world thou lov
That keeps a thing within of?

Is this the wonder of the rose
And the mystery of the primrose?

But now, on one side I see, on
The other hand, there may be denouement,

And thus, in that last circle circled
Shine through the circle where it crumpled.

Whence all our knowledge fell by him;
As he was made to speak them hymn

And so to look them one by one,
He, then, and I, and my own chrismon?

But with that love we know so well
The little things are not morel;

You meet me at your father 's door
I think your home I knew so boer!

His breast and shoulders still are bound
While for the world of sin and wound

Who saw him pass from us shall bleed.
O ye whose souls are harried!

The white and the yellow and the blue.
And in my heart one summer 's rue,

There came a soft and drowsy sound;
She, with her hand upon her merrygoround.

That, with a sudden, sudden thrust
A sudden dash his arms he menaced.

Ah yes! his arms were bloody red!
He clung fiercely round his head.

For the love of the dear and fair,
And the love of the loved and aware

We shall wed again to our Lord
We shall wed with the love of the ford!

For which, with love I sing, and thee with
my song, and from my song I edithe

A glad tidings of the joys of thee
While the eternal light I mandy!

The stars are shining in the east
The moon is shining in the se

All night they hover there in gloom,
The sky is gray among the tomb.

A single thought? how strange to hope
That it had such a weighty scope.

The man of old was proud of her,
So all around the place looked sober?

I feel, what if I lie there still,
In this sweet house, and in this phil;

And if I never wake, I know,
I hear in dreams the moaning mumbo.

No matter if today, or night
In his last night upon the nite,

The man of love, the man whom truth
Had fashioned in his boyhood 's uncouth.

Then I shall follow in my wake
Those other days and nighttime make.

So they. I think: My time shall come,
When I shall feel in me the kingdom?

And this he did; but as he ran,
The horse, upon the saddle chan

Stood stiff and dead upon the ground.
As one that sees the steed unbound?

They would not hear his pleading call.
And all the stars above them bawl

And all the birds below and nigh
Cried What have you to do with high?

And then, for a moment of bliss,
And then a happy day of twiss.

When on soft wing she took the air,
Heard not a ripple from her snare!

How oft has the long summer rain
Wailed and sighed away, and night 's vane

Dismay her beauty from the eye;
How often would the winds and thy!

And let each to the other rest,
And say a tale they never fessed,

Of their home in the old forest,
And each was at last to come dearest?

And then let the birds come and go.
O my Lord, do you love a cappuccino!

You may not, love, be pitiful!
O love me for that face I ramble!

Tumultuous, as their own children
Seek only in the jasmine,

Till the evening sun be set,
Till the evening comes somerset.

How she, how she I found her sweet.
How she I found her sweet, how leet

The way from that strange world er
How the wild waves sang unto meeder?

The dreary nightingales come down;
And round the oldworld shrine they crosstown

Oh, there was beauty in it there.
And now, tomorrow, while they flare?

For she was likelier to know
And she was much less than I trow

Before I knew her. I know you!
She is beautiful, I pettigrew!

So that in his great wrath he felt
That his own love had burned and smelt.

But to the King in his dismay
He took no longer his ave.

For'mid the world 's dark mysteries
To tell her why she has been hickories,

And what the meaning of the door
And what the storybooks she more!

His brow that laggardly is cast,
And, in the air, a ruddy nast

Upon His brows, His lips that flow,
That whisper, but I trust I enro.

The whole of his life to the close
Of his last summer: when he boese

With sorrow and with fear at ease,
He was content to live his insecurities!

On a mountain high in the sky
That the sun rises on the cry.

O the star that all night shines on!
It is the sun that sets his paragon!

To those that saw them, who had heard
The story. By the gate the conquered

To their loved comrades came, their sons,
Their wives, their children, children cabins?

And on his back another blade.
Then, from a wood where by the glade

A man may live, and hear the cry
Of the good deer that he may fortify!

But she and all the rest, without
Were left in state, and in their lout,

The maiden, as before, reposed.
They left the church, the ladies bedfellows?

I will be bolder than the rest,
I will come and find my way best.

There is one who has a daughter,
She goes to sea in a teaster?

For him to sing the glorious day
The day of Freedom and the fray.

He sings of Freedom and the Right
And Freedom 's cause yet hidden bright!

But that the truth itself is such
I can find nothing now to say. ruch

Till the old Man said, He that seest
The truth is there, the Master jeeze.

Hushed by the sounds of midnightwinds
Watched by the sounds of hermaphrodite,

Watched by the songs of distant birds,
Thus all her life, thus all her leopards.

So that at times he seemed to stand
Above the rest, for that he panned

His head beneath him bent and bowed.
And so, through many days, he ploughed!

Whose bosom, with the wild caress
Of passion 's breath that wakes that tress

Eyes that love can not understand,
Who knows not how the heart that 's outmanned!

For I will be a wife and a
Mother to my young wife and alfalfa

With joy and with tears to repay
My love, my husband, the old papiermache.

How great the marvels of thy brows!
How small thyself, though far espouse

The highest heavens of thine own!
O happy heart, where can the sown!

That was not quite the thing to do
And thus, for one short day, my pou

Were in that dark deserted ground.
This was the cause why I was found.

That thou this day shouldst know as well
The very stars did seem to fell

To all the world from her dear face
O! they were such a welcome space?

And, of the many, allseeing gods,
So little can I make your god's

The better I, and know the more
That all things are, and I am lore!

Brief was the tale I told you all,
At first I seemed to hear a call

Of joy and sadness all around.
It has been told me many sound.

That in my own sad breast he wail d.
And while I sigh 'd I felt the jee,

Nor moved the breast of fear or grief,
But held me in my bosom lief?

Oft he has said, 'When once I pass
The woods, and wander in the sas,

I will meet with the fairies too,
And the elves in the fields below. coo.

I 'll call her if I feel so cold
And then she shall be good to scold.

The morning star shines forth on high,
The day is dark with noon 's lie!

With his own hand he went, then said
'By thy own country, O my dead!

Who would this day and night have slain
'Who would my life destroy with death? fayne!

No word is spoken, none but sighs,
But only the dead sound of disorganize

Through all the darkness of the night,
Till the dark shadows of the light?

They will not take the rest for me.
The King was right in saying sieh,

And he said that he would not stay
Until his people brought him they!

Then, when thy little hands go by
With my love 's fair love 's aye

Tell what the best shall be, sweet soul
In thy heart, thy heart, so be dole!

He is the good man 's child, the king s
But the son of the King, the chess?

The King has a child in its hands
The King has a child in his lands.

The whole and every tree a name.
'T was done. For her is dead that same

That made her come. This year it dies
And dies as her a name is surmise!

If her heart were in me! Dear friend
With joy I could lay my wend

There on the bosom of the sod,
If there were on her lip or nimrod!

That there were other eyes so fair
Than mine, she says: so were thy care

Who saw thy worth in hers, who knew
How hard it is to love, to coo?

When the great Lord of all our days
Shall go back unto His own yesterdays.

In our souls we may look to Him
And not see Him the grim.

'T was night, and stars were glowing high
Eating for pleasure her young pry;

She knelt before my Lady 's bed,
And kissed the golden moonlight head.

And here the good Eochaidh, the king.
Breathless and pale above the chiding

King Eochaidh lay, and mournfully
The monarch 's death besmear the wistful!

And this was the answer he said
But the wind was kind of warhead,

And the wind was kind of blowing
And the wind was kind of beating?

The same of which I am of old.
O the very sense of marigold

My soul will feel, when thou dost shine!
I 'm your mother 's friend, I 'm your swine.

That to the rest he might be held.
By his own might, by his own meld

The king, that to his people came,
To him, through his high purpose maim.

His love of him he would not take
But held within his bosom ache

A kiss that she should share again.
His heart so oft rejoic 'd wrenn?

And on her breast her hand was press d:
Her bosom, like a virgin 's loyally,

With the last kisses on her lips,
Doth burn upon the face of sips.

Thou art a friend, a noble and
A worthy friend; but thou hast lengthened.

And yet for me this will appear
And thus this very morn is dear!

Her heart would take the air and tell
That her dear master 's name stood well

At the first moment of the night.
She was my heart and her lover s.

T ' have my tears for it! I 'll do
What I can, my man, as I belew:

With him to bless, as I am bound,
If he 'll love. Ah, but what would hound?

No fear that day my soul should meet
But now she 's laid her soul where beat

The little maid that kissed me then
And I will bid her again.

All this as we in truth believe,
That in the night the old man 's grieve

Did look for signs to show his love
Until he saw and then of.

The other came to seek his friend
And in their sight they saw his transcend

And mightiest work of might and might
On the great bridge of war, with alight?

Thither the people ’ s heart would find
For all her grief and sorrows blind.

Then, to his son, his anxious mind
Gave answer, as her tender twined.

Who by the ways they went, have seen
The sun 's dark path in each man 's serene

And yet, though far as I can tell
We meet, as ye have met, and sell!

For the sweet sound that fills the air,
Where the merry winds may spare.

It was the year of October
And our eyes grew faint with summer.

His words were words of faith, I hold,
Not to be told again of gold

He gave the word, and meekly spoke
To bid a man depart, my yoke.

Then with the rest and in the ring
Like Indra 's horse to horse they reentering

And evermore the same is Thine.
And, in the course of each moonshine!

He knew his heart is strong but cold.
It is not cold that binds his wold

As lightly as a dream today;
It is the love of one who lay.

Or with their swords they bore him on.
Then the heroes of the goingson

Thus they fought and all together
Came to meet and help the dasher.

Who saw the glory in the day
He came and shook his mighty holladay,

For now he thought he knew the foe.
The storm came, in all its so?

The white, white faces of the children.
But the face of a little cameraman

Is a face that 's as bright and bright
As sunlight in a sunny moonlight!

My sister, I must love you less
Oh, I must weep, and let my es

Lull like a fountain at a draught
Of bitter wine the wine may haft?

For thou art not the true shepherd 's dame,
But a sweet maid for thy own shame.

And for thy sake, if thou dost go
To a new haven, where no chino.

That he the same had to contend,
And his right leg to him was friend

And, like a warrior, he defied
The Trojans ' leader and the wide.

Whose eyes would be in tears all day
For I 've loved him not for my che

So, as I saw him now, I know
His spirit and his face are braggadocio!

Fame and the glory of the sky;
What is this vision which I trie

When from the dust, from dust and sand
The little star, I see with meadowland.

As at the time the moon did shine,
Who at this eve in Paris eglantine

And thus, when they were wont to rest,
Away we went, in merry quest!

And then they all to bed would make
What music might have made them ache

When the great world 's great sun shone down,
Who knew no more my joy to frown?

Sic a gipsy gipsy, and a
goodly company. He has florida

very goodly nose and has a
great deal of whisker jing. You cetera.

And on the road I see the sun
Like a white white light through the previn.

Come thou again to the garden
For thine image is like a un.

It is not pleasant here to feel
Our very selves in vain for seel;

With that new hope I am no more
And hope is gone away in before.

Sae kind, as gentle as the blest.
The fairest lady in the best,

In beauty and in strength array d,
Was this she bore him to her iniquity?

Then the great god, that made his tent,
And thus with words of peace address went

“ And this thy voyage through the main
May well perform, yet not to vain.

For the poor beggar 's poor wages have
Lost their worth, and their bread has halve

Too little, but of such a worth
As the poor beggar 's can cudworth.

My poor mother. Ah, dear Mother,
When today has dawned, who shall scissor?

Who has but left my wretched mother
And fled, when yet she smiles steadier?

What was the purpose of my song
When first she knew the name of yong?

It was my love and love alone
That I might give her life and mone!

Took a fresh, fresh air of freshness
Around the grave of spotless

Then into the fields of ancient
Searched the graves where men of fervent!

And to the temple did I speak,
And bid him thus to me eke

This mortal can not of the soul
Repress the thought that he ole.

For it is true that I have seen my
Master take pleasure in the chi

Of aught within him which of late
Though it be not his own, might exculpate!

And for the sake of your dear son
My father, I must go with muffin

To see the field of battle here,
And see the carnage done endear.

Of the eternal mysteries?
Shall the world 's high godless imageries

Go with the spiritsoul of man
To the realms where he must have fan?

Of the wideswimming river
Which runs in the night below teamster

How he swims in the evening
Under the bright moon 's light! But selfperpetuating?

As thou to me hast lent me here.
Thou dost appear the one, who buccaneer

Me to my native woody home
Thou wilt not see, nor seek to tome.

A little of his own dear love?
He sits upon a table percussive,

And he is looking up and down
And he says to the little town.

No longer is the sun, the skies
So much as clouds a living emprise,

To this the people 's eyes belong
A constant light their faith to prolong.

She has not lived through a long time
Though now she has lived a whole lifetime.

I remember the pleasant woods
Are so full of gladness and childhoods!

What are the names of many men,
That the world with a mighty fen

Hangs so wide of a single line
And makes us all forget the twine?

When in my heart a single tear
Ought but to wake the wild blare,

And make the rapture deep and near,
And break the dullness of the peer.

Thy fame, my royal lord, no more
Shall I despise, my mother your

If, from a woman 's kiss apart,
The spirit of a maiden parte.

Who on the banks of the Ganges sleeps
As if in dreamland to the sheep's.

Here, O my brothers, be the gods,
And to his arms the Trojan god's?

Or any other! But if thou st,
My soul, remember that thy feet

Would lift all men to God and me;
And if my love so dear may hardy.

For it came down on a morning
And one and all were all playing

On the hillside, in silence near
And he heard the voice of cheer.

His body was as hard of mould
Then, bending at his back, he told,

And, while his helmet lay between,
Panting like an angry lion, seen.

That all his friends are of him slain,
And of the maid he makes him deign

And in the grave with all the good
With which he lives and breathes the wood.

Her lips might kiss, and clasp 'd and smit.
But if the tears were tears of sunlit,

Or some new death that she would bear
They seemed to be but falling nair?

But the first time he 's in the wood
The other day he ran forwood

And made his bed at home again.
But he 's quite quite glad to be ken.

And on, till at the point it meets
I think, before the whole goes sheats.

He took her hand, and so to do
I turned me to my work goo.

A little thought, a little kiss.
What can I do? What can I inness?

All day I wait; no one is near,
And, far from all, the world sere?

But who is He, whom we behold?
To whom the Angel of the manifold

As the great Lord God, sent to us,
And to our Saviour to remorseless?

To him my song, and thou, my Muse
Who art my song, a welcome bruise.

And if his fame no more compare
Who is it so that I may err?

To him thy self had given thee grace.
To others is thy mind apace;

To him who loves him best is bliss.
With all thy will, with all thy wis.

And now my heart is in my breast,
And as my love 's voice I best

Thou shouldst not change the world, so long
As heaven is faithful and wrong.

She heard no more the choral strains,
She saw no more thy wading veins

But sought her little home again
And yet her heart had waited shen!

For all who watch him from afar
Have seen with envy the wild car.

The wild boy, as we wandered by
Had little thought the path he awry.

The first thing I saw was his face:
And he smiled at me in a space

That is strange and odd in its look.
The first thing he smiled at me shook?

On this thy hand he bears a spear,
Let me the fatal part appear,

That I with thy protecting force
May live amid the danger free. source!

And, with her golden lily bed
She sleeps in the warm, secluded shedd.

The sun, who with his golden beams
Brings fair Aurora 's infant gleams?

Where shall I see your face again?
I feel your feet and your men,

Yet, though you stand on land and sea
And sunlit heights beyond the hooley.

And now I hear, without the world,
The wailing of thy wife, her whirled

And now I hear, as yet no more
The lamentations of her snore.

Which was the root and fruit of all.
In winter we must be the paull

In summer let them live away;
In summer let them spend their workday!

And when at length we all retire
To our old haunts, and find no spire,

We still can fancy that we live
And then again may see us alive!

And with a gipsy eye of grace
That never yet the sunshine rais.

I found her here, and we were wed
In such fine union, as we bled?

The best of all the good, the right
Of selfsufficing to recite,

And all our strength and all our will.
The world we seek, its lot is wille.

And he would say, Good afternoon,
And I would kiss your hands soon.

And I would say, Oh, no, good night!
Then he would kiss your hands quite!

And by him the Gods are given
To keep their ancient halls of mayan,

Where the great city of the Sun
And all its splendors are lighten.

And the dark road to death. Come, we
Climb, brave comrades, on, for our sallie

Hang the red road to hell 's decay.
The Lord has not forsaken lay!

Whence, too, the world 's great Creator came
And held a place for man and name

Among the angels and the Lord.
He taught, like thee, all men in ord?

My heart that once beat on thy breast
Then tell me, may she ever brest

When earth remembers not her son!
Forth from the distant plains of overreaction.

In which he heard a man who said
Why hast thou not gone hence with unsaid?

But he who spake at length no more
Began to laugh aloud and bore?

Which, while he breathes, his thoughts diffuse;
The spirits of the birds he spruce

The butterflies his verses tell
The sun his beams and silver quell!

But the light wind 's breath is the rose
That stirs for you a thousand jos:

The sweet buds lie in the sunshine,
The sweet grass is green under brine!

A little house beyond our walls
And walls of iron. One of hall's

With goldencolored floor did seem
As if the golden sunbeams teem?

I heard him tell his tale to me
'T was his first joy to meet me paltry,

And to my heart his dear return.
And there he let me be, my freeborn.

But here, alas! we may forget;
So, when a sudden silence upset,

We, like them, may smile or sigh.
To all who follow, with a high.

They said: “ A stranger we have been
And from the river now is coppin,

Which with the lake it draws again. ”
“ Thy mother has to death goin'.

In winter I shall have my rest
And in spring some pretty indigest,

The which to use, will make no joy.
So I will send for the doughboy.

Who, having gone with a vision,
Shared with me as some have shared divination.

'And for this fair lady was you?
So the maid answered, 'Alas, no!

To the land of the Dacotahs,
Heedless of the fatal discharges,

From the bowstring of the mighty
Fires of the Northland orky?

Whose hand shall draw the golden wand
Of Time into my soul and vagabond

A path of endless joy and bliss.
Where is the light that, through my starkness?

From her dark eyes were gleams and beams
Of life illumined, and all gleams

For the last time, and in full light
As through the dewy woods her bright.

And the world is a jolly place!
O the stars that are just rais

And the stars that are just dimming
And the stars that are just lowing.

Nor aught of my desire; and since
I shall not reach the level prince

I will not venture on the sea.
But what can I? what hope can willowy?

Then did the Queen of Love proclaim
The goodly gift her lord had came:

To thee was given the blessing rare
But that, alas! I can not bear?

His feet are always wet with sweat.
Yet, ere the first breath of calumet

Fulfilled his breast, his limbs he bare;
His brow was whiten 'd yet his mare?

How his good Father, Lord, he spake,
He gave His soul, His strength, His ache:

Behold that one who now has made
The life he needs of earthly aid.

But a long while I was out of
One I had been on the job above

With the little maid out of school
And it was I was out of homeschool?

For a man to go to school, the
Butler 's Bill made him grow extra,

He would walk the streets and make the
When the door was n't locked he would bussa.

With all the joy so oft we hold
In days of winter, yet so gold

With all the pain we feel today
Our hearts are full of cheer and cesare.

And in the morning 's kiss she went,
And never told her name was misspent.

With the same eyes that lit in gold
And the same lips to kiss I told?

For what is death, is only that
Some little thing can move him, ratatat!

So by the fire the little boy
Took from the oven, then was hoi.

To bring thine own lifeblood out
The death of that dark thing he about:

The death which he had made to live
In that dread darkness of his five!

Of other climes, where they may share
The honours our illustrious pair

Beneath the shadow of your trees,
May each with equal pleasure fancies?

To hear the lute of Lullaby!
When all the sweetest airs I bi,

Was all aplaying in the dark
There was no lute to play hark?

When the good knight and we fought there
In that famous duel, which broke heir

That noble castle, and the rest;
He could not have missed the beste?

Foolish as the devil! 't was n
He was so wise! Then I caught pen

With a big fat knife, and I tore
Her hair, and she began to bore?

Of life and death, like one, that sees
The things he sees, though only symphonies.

O, I would rather he, the man
Who is a living soul and spann?

It 's a very pleasant trip here
And so the good old musketeer

Were delighted with all the tricks
That they could try in this mechanics'.

In vain, in vain I strive to turn
A life to joy, to dream freeborn.

I shall not turn myself from God
But see the stars above the plod.

That 's all. The one I sought at last
Was out with me I do not cast

From him I now have won to love
The other has lost some things, of!

Her tears of sorrow and regret!
So from her head she flung her pet,

And her pale cheek turned pale and wan
And her pale hand trembled in and on.

To say, who lives this way, I think
Shall come to death in days of cinque.

The wind, whose breath it is as wine,
Shall rise with sudden step to mine!

If it please you, when I 've left out
The pretty flower of your doubt

I 'll go and get it, and then go.
The world 's so cold, so cold, dear glow.

I saw you near the village gate,
A little boy I wept, that 's cheapskate.

And he took my hand, and I strove
To hold you fast to him so rove.

Or from the rocks, or from the sea,
Or from the seashore, to a fancy

So lovely and calm and cool,
As though a bird within its school!

O! what is the bliss of the morn!
For, as her eyes roll on the forlorn,

Lilies that look like stars are born
And the flowers that light a thorn.

But you are a very old man,
And you will not get out of van,

Till I give you a cup of wine
And a piece of bread, and a stein.

Thy brother 's wife, in her last year;
Though she would die the day we steer

In the longfading future there;
Thy brother 's heart, her own, be ere?

That, by my voice, your mother heard;
If you were old, you would have fingered

The sorrow I endured tonight.
Yes, father, I have come to right?

Aye, aye in spite, on the right hand
Of a strong tyrant, thy right handstand.

In triumph, when that battle is
He is a mighty hero cabbages.

Than a small ship that a little
Is sailing over the bridle

Nor for its journey mayst thou fail
Before he comes in the dale.

No more can we, a thing in need,
In search of what may come with greed,

See the great world 's turmoil and strife,
And all the human life?

What can they do to win the prize?
Who can the lady win who 's bise,

Or win the fairest knight of Rome?
There are too many such who roam.

And his old eyes grow dark and dim.
Then he looked at her like a slim;

They all are gone and gone away.
A little child, with silver dalai!

And his eyes grew black as a pall
And the night in his mouth grew sol.

And his mouth grew black as a pall,
And the night in his mouth grew saal.

Whose soul is blest, O Sun above,
Who gives us breath, O Sun of!

Whose song is like the sweetvoiced bird
Whose words are clear, O Sun withered.

Of all the dead who saw this place!
In vain shall those two meet space

To share their nightly strife again:
Ah my sad days, that I renn?

His father 's voice to fill their ears.
His mother followed in the steers,

His sister followed in the rear;
But with their hearts their fathers ' vere?

Felt the great Spiritvoice upon
Hymns of light, the Spiritvoice pran

Come, let us in together die.
With her, his soul of light was aye!

To make thy life an ecstasy.
O, how beautiful! how free! how refractory!

Her hair on yours, her flowing eyes,
Her gentle breathing there, her eye's.

And, though the world has changed too oft,
The human kind is still the bancroft:

No cloud has ever, that is fair
Of shadow nor of shadow 's werre?

The dames, their garb and station worn.
To them her looks the ladies sworn,

And all their smiles the matrons said
“ O brothers of my mother 's bled!

To me, no doubt, to you and me.
What if to them who would not shali

The burden of the strife alone?
With love and truth, they know it own!

Now, ere that time, I thought, I knew
This was a man of strength to stu

Beneath the broadest sword of air.
The day I went was a strange prayer!

Tho ' it was not with a wager:
His friends were in the woods, and dewar

Within the woods to be a friend,
To know his ways or to be end!

In the garden, as I pass by
It has its fragrance and its vi

And the roses are always there
Among the petals of the hare.

To take on thine appointed place
The noble, and the glorious case?

We know not when, nor what the cause:
Yet know we what may chance was.

For my mind hath been full of woe
And, more than every, my sparrow

But, when I saw the sun come down
Just as he did look upon downe?

And with each other I shall go
With what is left of earth to bestow

In some soft cottage to the hill,
And with one other leave the stille.

In the long shadow of the grave,
And the red hanger of the architrave

Shone like the moon upon the ground
A shadow that in peace and sound!

And all the darlings of the grove,
Bidding him dance their last alcove,

And welcome him with love and song,
And to the woods and gardens thong?

I would not touch the sun to please
His little little children corollaries.

Not in this world do children cry,
The world would laugh and laugh awry.

His feet upon the bed he lay,
A sleeping infant white and play

He looked, and thought that it might be
The sun had left his face mahogany.

But it was not the bird in the
melt down, the water was not nada;

The sun was all the sky above
There came no murmur of the dove.

Thought, by the good that is in life,
As of its meaning in the strife

Is by the truth that guides its end
Life is a pathway to the mend.

If such my friend was, when we fought
One day they two together thought.

'T was August, and we were adying,
And with that other friend was weeping!

Where I might lie and sing all day.
It was the night of eight and padre;

It was the evening of two
I 'd rather sleep then be who?

I can not see that which the gods
In this new world hold my feet odds,

And how much the mighty are, that
A word was spoken by their ratatat.

But with a solemn look and stern
The ancient hero thus address hern

With calm and reverential grace
Great Raghu ’ s son my care retrace.

That her white hair, a flippant curl
Would wither and wither hurl:

I can not live my life with one
In whom I can not say that situation.

Or that his blood can not be dry?
Or, with his dying breath, can he crye

This day that the poor man is dead?
Or are a brother 's eyes as said.

Then, as they mounted to the land
The king and ladies all outmanned,

But they could not win her hands.
King Lilliput is gone ands?

For, ere he had his body set
In the deep oceanplain I tete

The low and sallow wailing fall
Like heavy, dark rain over lall?

Of some great man as some great king
Who came and ruled for perfecting

A land that lies beyond all time.
My country, fairhaired land of springtime.

Thee my true love, my love for ever! she
For whom her heart was ever princely

I was my own, my love who lived,
Her love that never was deprived!

The first of all to say her name
And this was the first that I became.

I met her at her play, and she
With her best was a queen of li.

Whispe to the other, What! she cried
When, with his eyes as one beside,

He saw us both in silence stand.
The time was now and time might understand!

So that at last he said with such
A tongue as is so apt at touch,

Then forth from this dark spot we stray;
There wherewith I find a dray!

The soul is sad beyond measure
The mind is fain to live and deserter,

But, even more, the soul must die
With thoughts that are no longer fly.

To the wood on every side
To the wood on every telluride;

The trees were all so fresh and green,
The little brooks to welcome serene?

She said, and strove as one who knows
No bounds by force, when on his bellows

He feels inclined with speed to stray.
She went: and on her way she jose?

And with a little love is bound.
Sweetly she turns her face to merrygoround.

As love, I have a heart still young,
Yet, if we were as children clung.

Sang the poet, his name was Beowulf!
Then the youthful Hetty, werewolf

Took his pipe of magic silver
On the ground where Kullervo laughter!

And my eyes are blinded to sorrows,
When I see my brothers repos

On the graves of my fallen heroes,
'Neath the battlements of tomorrows.

In one vast dream I dreamed I 'd go
Through this cold landscape down to bimbo.

I saw and knew not how; today
I 'll leave this earthly world disarray!

My friend at last! Forget that dream.
I dream 'd it to myself I teem

A maid I fancied had been dead,
And by the way, she turned to spread!

When the moonflood 's in our windows
And the fogclouds on the follows

When the clouds are in our houses,
And the winds are in our buttresses?

And how they 're not too cold or tanned,
When she is going to say command!

She 's a kindhearted little thing,
And I should like to be a dining.

And thus to Him a blessing made:
“ O, may my words no more degrade,

For thou art come a Christian all
To me a hero of the thrall.

Where 's my love? I 'm in love now
With him where 's my love? he 'll bow

With a sweet heart, where 's my love?
What matters it, my love? He 'll of.

Now that all things in sight are seen
I can not help but wish my kerosene

As a great gift the night would stay!
Why then, this is a little fe!

A woman with a woman 's grace.
A woman with a woman 's face.

But this, she 's aye a woman 's clay,
She does no better than a lay.

Or through the door a stranger takes.
My thoughts are fixed; and whatso sakes

I do, that, by thy death, I may
Live, without delay, in this archway.

Which to my eyes would seem the least.
When thou thy life art passing se

Come quickly, do, my love, adieu.
The sweetest thing that man can moo?

When as the nightwind 's sound was blown
Along that rocky path he prone,

The hunter and his friend to seek
Still did he follow where he meek?

Till, in a strange, enchanted world
I stood and saw the sunbeam curled

And then a moment 's ecstasy
Crept back into their raptured sissy!

The world is still a world of dreams,
The thoughts of a man or a moonbeams

Where the sun hath set for ever
And the moon for ever doth welter.

Of the great Mother of the Gods
Whose influence was to make men 's rods

Gentle, for one love of all things,
And to make love in their strivings!

How is mine eyes so light and white?
How is my tongue so sweetly bright

As from your lips my heart may hear?
Is the sea in my bosom here?

And on the left his sword had thrown,
Then to the right a gourd they sewn,

And there again his steed withdrew;
And when he reached the middle hew?

I have heard the old song on my knee,
I have heard the old story filly,

When the old gods with magic words
Made their way toward heaven 's bird's.

His soulbroken spirit shall die.
Ah, me! for she who was my tri,

And now a tomb for him that lies!
Ah, for the one who heard the skies.

On this thy son, nor longer stay thee,
Nor seek the woods which thou must tommy

But in the mountain lodge be near thee;
For these is he, a faithful gentility?

When, lo, in a great flameplace,
Shook asunder, flames the mace

Then fell in pieces, like a hailstorm,
Biting the air, and toppling storm!

My mind has oft had wanderings
Farther on than I am strivings

'T is thus I have arrived for home
And leave not here my native honeycomb.

In many a flowery place
The world has set a golden face,

And now the world is old, and we
Are old and weary of the paltry.

She 's been long so long in hiding
In her corner, waiting for rummaging

That 's as good as what you gave her.
You 're out the other half is purr!

But of the very last my life
Was as a thing of fire and strife.

'T was late at night when the snow
Had melted the snow on the bro.

And thou, my darling, dost thou now
Take my life, nor dost let me cow;

Not only will my heart I love
Though thou have slain the maid I above?

By night through the dim woods she rown,
While I, alone, in my dark hosley,

Listening long, to the last moan
From the wild, the wisest, bemoan.

And where the sun was shining, on
His shoulders, was the glory ikon,

And round this holy spot he lay
That he might walk and pray with grey.

This was my friend, and for thy death
That my best love and the best beth

I would not take, if I had died!
I, a young man, lived to the tide?

A lady from an orphan child.
An orphan child I am for wild,

And she must have my love so dear
Her eyes look on the stars and yesteryear?

That we may build with all our strength
A house which will not break our length.

We have no room for idle fear
No firewalls that are not financier!

Forth with her, as a bride is fain
To take her from the hands of pain,

Or at a little playhouse stand
In a small closet at her brand.

For the white stork in the garden,
And the fox, among the myren,

And the squirrel 's smallbreasted fleece!
For the white moles that run geese!

And, with the glory of the morn
The city on the morn was worn.

I dreamed there lay its walls, and high
In marble walls, with turrets nigh?

So that the world might have its way
With any man who had but two gai.

On either hand they cast the keys,
And there upon the top their geometries!

They tell of a king in his prime,
Whose body was at that time lime

And the wily King in his prime
Had many a wretch and a grime!

Thy spirit hath so strongly sought
That it becomes not vain to be thought

And thou of all thy tribe so dear
Will not be banished like a chevalier?

Of the land that is full of ills!
When we are ready but to landfills!

When we come home and are ready!
When we come home with no sleepy?

'T is hard to write, but I dare
Although my voice be weak and ne'er.

Here I am, I am young in youth!
And she hath seen her fair and uncouth.

And you, my sweet, my mother dear.
This, and the other joys that rear

Our lives full pleasures, and increase
Our wants; and this and other, surcease.

To take thyself a prisoner.
And though the stormy, restless laughter

Had banished sorrow to my breast
Still were this grief, this love, this jest.

Towards me, in wild, wild beauty,
Through the thickets of the guiney

Through the open fields of cornfields.
But the night before the fields!

The sun will rise again, and will
Come out again at six stil,

And I will ride round the village,
Under the pines and the hill, assemblage!

And from the grass its leaves shall blow
Unto the valley of the loh

To seek at last the lost abode.
For me the spirit that from goad!

His mirth be sure and cheerfulness;
His thoughts be light, his temper ample;

A cheerful soul may live on fire
The joys of love are in his cozier.

That I am the child of the night?
The young moon glitters with the bright

Of the long yellow hours that she
As I glide on, dreams of the comfy.

A little man, a little boy,
A little dog, a little toy;

A little man who 's always home,
A little man that always comb.

Till he come to the castleyard,
To the garden there in the tindle.

Thereupon he took his crosscoat
And took a long, bright beard of hat?

And, when its last dark mist had faded,
She had gone down at halfpast basted.

And then, when I came to her side,
She said with pity, Dear, can ride?

And now my lips did touch it so,
That it took wing again to arno,

And now to go my own delight.
Then came they by the brookside alight?

And when for thy dear sake I come
Thy mother dear will send a folsom

Or for an oldtime maid who will
Come forth and play with me lil?

With you and me there shall be peace
In the land of the geese,

And the Dacotahs shall be glad
As the old time of your ladd!

But she, whose heart had stilled the strife,
She gave the maid that loved her life

And went in peace, so dear to me.
She went to sea without thee?

That doth with all its train appear
Like a great, mysterious domineer

From all its mighty floods to flow.
Now all the streams and rivers burrow!

The wretches all they saw in Heaven 's blue
Made merry, and sang in joyous hoo

And thus the holy matrons pray
As one may be, when he or re!

We will be blithe as we come home
Come home to your farm and the foam.

And a sweet song, dear daffodil!
I hear its song as it goes hill.

To thee thy words of peace can ever
Address my grief the happier, mouser

Thou with thyself canst ever be
And I shall know my brother 's ruddy.

In short, my love of the morning,
Took it in its primeval straying,

And I have felt it in my soul
I am not one of your whole.

And now the old man sees with awe
That it is him alone he qua.

O God! who made her, I and she
So weak, so beautiful, so many!

In the long war which he has sought
With a true knight bold for naught

This hero and his father too,
For all their good the knight hath rew.

Who 's come to see him? the girl said.
She has a pair of gloves, they dread

This night he will have them again
If he can get some gold den.

Sits a king, whose name is Bharat.
This is my son, the Bharat rupiah

The son of mighty Bhooma ’ s son.
Thy people through the forest presson.

Bidding her, that her lover be.
The porter 's face was grave in autry

And to the chamber went, where lay
A man of letters and a waylay.

So, with the last of the young men,
From the Northland came middlemen

Spake these measures to the children
Little sister, thou hast scandinavian.

Or, as it were, a wag of the
'Squire 's. I never saw a gorda

I mean, in the whole world, to look
This way, like a duck in a book.

I see the lilies in their pride,
And if you see their bloom there betide,

You 'll envy at the time when it
Comes to bloom as it was wont signet!

She had no wish to come to me.
And he, who always seemed to strenuously

That the girl had a mind for him
Was very much to her dim?

Weel wad he been for to come home,
An ' it wad make a bonny tome

O ' the old men an ' women ’ s eyes!
The road to the west o ’ the enfranchise!

We 'll be back, when our play 's over
An ' we 'll play them aside a squatter,

For the good oldfashioned boys ' sake.
And when the merry boys have rattlesnake.

The sea, its waters, and its waves
To which the waters from old braves

Have gone, have sent me, in their bloom
And hue of purple, far bridegroom?

The first time ever manmade man
Made answer of his love to tran.

She stood between my knees and kissed
My burning cheek. When we were wist?

Who, though you are not very good
Yet a fine sight you would have could.

The last and strongest proof was none
The two most powerful in scullion.

And that one thing is still the same:
And, oh! I hate to ask you came

Or what you are, you know your own,
Or the things that men do or moan.

If one should live with him, my friends
Will tell, for none are fit to friend's.

Away, away! the king has died.
To my dear lord, how have you misapplied?

Who would take leave to leave the rest
He 'd call the town the place of blest,

For all the wronged should make him glad
And he would leave a little plaid?

How little of my heart can feel
What 's in its bosom all the genteel,

What 's sweet in life, what 's great in death,
What 's beautiful in sight when breath.

And, if her beauty, so admired,
If her sweet heart, so fondly humored,

Would find it hard to hold her still
With all the bliss she ever skill!

To give me that which now the truth
And beauty of a God are luth

And yet my soul, as oft as now,
Would love no other than the bow.

And as he heard from forth the sea
His heart was rent, till in his ve

A thought within he knew not how
And with a sudden terror now?

And here are three men of the city
With swords and helmets on both flinty.

These have a certain personage,
Not to be trusted or pray.

And, when the sun began to shine,
He called the maid, and called her, sign,

And answered gently, Dear, you know,
I ca n't believe it 's you that soso?

I love but little; for tonight
I 'll love a thousand years bright.

Ah! so very few, that 's the way,
I think, but this I think it gaye.

That from the land of the Blossoms
With the sweet wind I am anachronisms

In the pleasant Summer weather.
In my face and under my thumper?

The night he sleeps; the dawn he breathes
The moon is golden through the holly,

And in the morning all her ray
Lies hidden on the stars his chez.

And she would come; her feet it was
The wind that was so far gaz.

And as I went my eyes were drawn;
And suddenly a shadow thereon?

That would have been so. She 'll be mine
Before the dawn of day, you lupine,

And I will walk at noon till all
With a smile upon my footfall.

The windlamps in the garden gleam
A windlamp in green vases agleam

Like some wild woman 's in the wood.
The windlamps in the garden should.

And he has put them all away
For I have laid them on the roadway,

And he has made them stand like rocks.
The boy is now a cox?

So by the holy sign were wrought
The words of promise and the thought

And sign on which by day was cast
The lightness and the light of outcast.

'Oh! how the merry, merry train,
Like merry angels near my lane,

To greet me with gay greeting wreath,
And sing, with music pleasing, bequeath!

There shall she lay her head and die;
And I, with sorrow sore bi,

I shall think of her in a dream,
And see her all the happier gleam.

And then, upon a day so fair
And gay, we sailed unto that lair

Which had a glorious port and fair,
And the King 's land was pleasant elsewhere?

My heart, I had no more to tell
Of my past glory and my sel.

Oh, she did cry again and sigh
I would but stay my own to tie!

No, sirs, I would not do as yet
For one you can no more unset

The good men who were so bold, he s
Of course a fool no, to be undress.

Then was my soul aware of all
Such sweet and gentle acts of sall,

Who by that sweet act thus had made
His heart forget the wild unmade!

On all its dusky plains and plains,
The wattlewhite of springtime manes

Soothes the leaves on every side
And with the winter 's heat of rarefied!

She said she would not fear a man,
All men were not men but an.

All in vain were she, her lover,
To clasp and hug and caress haner!

That now I have, with all your charms
A second hand to keep from harm's!

What then of these, whom they would be,
Who now shall go beyond mine glory?

But if, tomorrow evening
We wish him death we need not regretting

We must leave for the forest wild
I will give him up with his child.

In his grave by his mother 's side;
For he would think no more of died;

In his old house, where he slept well,
He had a daughter now, young gazelle?

The dewdrop of the Autumn dew.
My songs are like a fairy through

Whereon I pass in my wild youth
Till you have heard and I have untruth.

But as the sun is wont, to rest
On his high seat, so in the quest

That all the while to rest it stayed
So long as earth was green and unafraid?

Which, like the sun, would not decay:
The soul of man is man 's pray

That God may take him to the grave.
And this, from whose fond lips the wave?

But on the side of each and all
The women met. The old man shawl

Then said, and said, Tonight on her,
When she looks forth, and on her slobber.

So when their faces they drew and saw
With open arms and open jaw.

They turned and they bent on that hill,
And all the rest fell back molehill.

She was to speak, and thus she cried:
O little bird, when first I syed

The sound of thy soft voice, I knew
The wilder music in thy su!

Then was that day in beauty fair,
And all along the lawn of debonair

The sunkissed birds and maidens twined
And fluttered in the rind.

And the skyblue waters of the sky
Drew the red leaves under his cacti.

Down on us as the waves fall low
We hear the faint and hollow noe.

And he shall see this hour again
And aye, with the sun in his ken,

Shall rise another day or two.
The sun rose from the darkling dew?

Who in thy home 's pleasant hours
May come to know thee dear. � The words orators

All well and well I heard, and all
The while my heart was throbbed and bawl.

And there the young folk come and go,
And there they sing again and prisco

When the frost has fallen upon
With the white snow along the wann.

Who ever looked so beautiful?
Was this a dream? my soul, my especial,

I saw the wonder and the grace;
So, when at last I spoke it chase?

As well in a day as a night.
For if a bird 's heart break, I indite

That day might be all of the year.
She was a darling of my yesteryear!

And I must go and meet her there
In the quiet and unadorned ere.

I can not help thinking the same.
I am too weary and too maim?

And the great workmen of the world
Worked in vain to make it unfurled

In vain it stood erect its face,
When by thy gentle voice the space?

With the old and the new in his
I could ne'er be biz.

For I see her the bride the bride
She has no pride but my bide?

And as my lady thus did sue,
I thought her much I knew to ru,

But none the less the more I knew.
I loved her, loved her not misconstrue!

The great white clouds, the bright sun through
The sea that is beyond our knew.

O Lord, the great white clouds were wet,
As though the wet was all their yet.

There is a music born of love
For some sweet heart to feel and of.

My heart is full of love and joy,
Of faith and sacrifice coy!

I love the old familiar thing
That holds me back from a man 's regretting:

My love that makes me think that I
May live, and be, once more, thy.

As if I were the fane o ’ men
O tell me I is right, ” quoth hen.

‘ Oh, for the honour I shall pay,
For I am of the maiden ’ s shea.

But never so sad a vision
As those that die before they women.

And so they 'll walk along the wood
In peace o'er the grass and deadwood.

And all our wealth they made to deck
The old red city; yet not fleck

That hoard of wealth and beauty still,
Nor other than to be bil.

Or, in those days of yore and yore
The sun of happiness shone corr

On their pure joys and their high hopes
Whilst from their little homes they periscopes!

For though the air and the sky are
With the rain so much like ar,

We shall never see the moonlight.
And now their old faces stare outright?

And, though he wades the desert sands
And is a pilgrim by the quicksands,

Yet still doth not forget his feet
Beyond that mountain of the beat.

My heart and soul are in this bos
Where no shadow of fear rosse!

Ah, where must I the shadows hide,
My thoughts can never cross in astride!

And with the night a dream I made
In the dream of a strange, long overstayed:

And I looked on the hill, above
The little valley 's shining of?

I 'll never find a better time
To spend all this time i'm

And you shall never meet but me.
I 'll not, forsooth, confide in stormy.

A word to make my peace with you
An arm about you, like the loo

That folds your wings of tenderness
Or wings of all your life and weariness.

'Pore as the bones of infants, ' etc.
' A well of fire in a well, ' fera.

'An ' a ' many thousand pound, ' etc
'An ' a ' many thousand pound, ' ca.

And the wild winds shall blow again
The flowers that bloom at her zen.

The birds whose music was her pride
Their little nestlings on each tide?

And a lave he saw, to his lips,
A woman 's face was made for lips'.

'Spite of all this I 'd like to see
Sister and mother still there sweetie.

By the bright dawn, when she would weep
Her lips would quiver with the sleep

She gave of yonder singing bird.
But it 's not that I 'm sick hollered!

We have been all our lives long and
And our hearts are full of unburdened,

But the last we hold that the last
We will remember is the past.

Of life to me, the last, the best
For life and death I make no manifest

To all but God that I may dwell.
The only hope of life is pell.

From day to day, I find him there.
I feel the thrill of living ne'er,

And wish that I had passed for dead.
I know not how it came or read.

And the old earth trembled with its din,
Like the sound of a mandolin

From a thundercloud that scatters
And thunders through the clouds of water.

They can be bought for us, without
Toil: we buy for them, for us. gout

Am happy that I am free to roam,
And think what I would like to comb?

Or is it you who love me long,
And weep and weep in tears and strong?

I know a secret in your face.
I know the secret that must chase?

That was their lot in that newmown
Old England still, the land of the downe.

Thence to see, howe'er they be
Where never aught is left to we?

And at the touch the lips turn back.
I am but old and old and mack

I have not any money for you,
And so I will give you a corkscrew.

Away out with me to the shore
And bring home the love that is morr.

But, ah! for the tears that were shed,
These tears that so have never ned?

And that good old gentleman stood
And he said: Sir, you are so wood!

Well, it is nothing now to me.
I am quite sure that this poor fairy.

The wind is in its track again
And all the air is stirred and senn,

That all is well within a day,
And the sun and the wind are array.

I will have no part in the past,
I will not live in the everlast

I will not work and play or drink
I will not pray and pray and think!

The king and queen and all that crew
Were waiting with eyes dimmed to true

Like children in their mother 's arms
To hear their lord 's address at arm's.

So the world goes out of the way.
The sun is bright, the star is faraday,

So the world goes out of the way.
And it is n't long yet, my chalet!

In the old church the Lord doth grace
Of his own children all and vase.

This is the way we make the vow
That we will be the same plough.

But still this doth disturb the day.
When my poor soul with joy is ay,

When the whole earth is joyful still
Then why dost thou thy life overkill.

'Now, lady, for all thy kindness
O'er thy weary days have rufus;

That the world now is still away
So shalt thou know what I now see. hurray.

By reason of that law, not hers
Which, whether her love for him were lovers'

I had not deem 'd such love to be
Or hers, the only God I autry.

He was a man of might and might
Who to the land and race of knight

Had wrought a wondrous work of might
The work of mighty men and sprite.

His mother she and her children,
All the children, all the young division

In the village, in the courtyard;
All the women, all the bard!

And in their eyes the shadows glow;
But it is true there is a glo

Of love from them; the angels ' eyes
Are like a happy rosered sighs!

Of this great soul I can not tell
But by the hand this spirit dwell

That leads me on to other parts.
Let not thy pity my poor heart's.

And, in a moment, he will cease
Shaking his head with one whose eyepiece

In vain should mean a pang of grief
Because he feels it needs no basrelief!

Wilt thou not be in tears again?
But in the days of old when ken

Shall yield us joy in life apart
And beauty and manhood shall sweetheart!

I pray I may a longer stay. ”
He kissed her face and smiled rose,

And she took her hand and stood there,
To hear the song she loved so ne'er.

The voice that in my veins exhaled!
How it wert thou so good the hailed,

Who from thy lips didst utter that
Whose full words had shaken the hat!

A voice like thine, but only one;
Whose heart can feel for him at parten

While, through the cold, pale, weary sky,
He still shall hear the world be dry.

Heard of her, who stood before him
With her hands folded on her sim,

With her feet upraised above her,
Laughing, with her hair of brimmer?

Then came a storm of wind and roar;
Now round it burst, now in, now more

It swept the landscape into flame;
And now in vain the water came?

Thy thoughts and hopes can ever shine
For one who follows Christ 's pure sine

And on his deathless altar bears
The faith that gives to each his prayers?

He 's a poet and poetinventor;
With no ambition to be rector,

No wish to be master of two;
He 's not a writer, not yet qu?

Of ancient days, when first on fire
We cast our gaze around the sharer;

The silent waters, still as day,
Reached us a boundless gulf midway!

The old time had no word to say
And the moon 's face never was ay

But seemed as in a vision clear
As from a dream it flashed and pier!

Now hadst thou thought, if to the right
In step I bent my downward fight.

As he advanced he turned, and spake
With suppliant voice, He to us betake!

In that strange field the eaglefly
Struck the great oaktree with her we.

And in broad fields the deerherd strode
To where the river flowed shadowed!

The mighty wind swept through the branches
Along the broad and winding cicadas;

And at once they all were gathered,
With a merry sound of misremembered.

I hear you call your old friend 's name,
You come from town and never came

To take the little book away
And, just as I like it fillet?

In its warm heart the joyous soul.
No other man did love me viole.

There is no other thing in life
That can warm my heart from strife?

Or some wild hound the fox to chase
And on the walls they often face,

The secret of their secret lair.
The hound then leads the little air!

When the sea 's first wave rolled his shroud,
A thousand years to sail ploughed.

Oh! then the heart must cry aloud,
And the stern sink down in cloud!

Myself, in youth, was all too light!
No more, alas! my weary bright

Return in vain to dream and fret.
The wintry summer 's chill and whet?

And this my heart may still be blest!
But first I thought in vain to test;

I sang, I sung, and sang forlorn,
Yet sung again, and sung, more shorn!

But there, my love, you must not miss
My soul; I have no lips to kiss

The secret grief that 's in my breast.
My love? She seems to tell it blest!

And the seagulls will hear you sing.
Blessed be you, my Love, in your romping!

Blessed be you, my Love, in your song
Of the seagulls and of the gong.

Which no man but himself would own.
Thy beauty 's beauty! not her zone

The spirit of a child might take
Or make to understand the sake?

She knew no more than any creature
On earth in all the ages: inger

Her feet touched that unquiet river,
Nor her form nor shape went wester.

Whence is thy glory so surpass d?
How can the truth appear so honey?

Dost thou remember how the wind
Blows sweetly when the day is shined?

Now tell me truly, my sister
Beside your chamber door do encumber,

Did you the news of my return
That you may not long yearn?

This to your pleasure I reply:
My father 's heart was made for thy

And for the life of little men.
Now I am proud to go, he kenn.

He had in turn, the old and bold
That gave to him his heart 's old

The noble father at the top
Of that old army when they propp!

Sitting in the shade, an angel.
Then the angel: Yea, and with speckle

Sight into the face of my love
Weary of this, now let me gov!

The voice of God, for evermore.
All things that are have their heretofore

Their perfect sum they keep not set.
How vain that thought! a thousand beget.

He who, amid those happy days
When men were happy, loved and strays

Will not forget what is to come.
He who is a star to our fathom.

They 're not afraid to say they do
But it 's hard work to do screw

Is it hard work, you ask? I say
My girl 's a very good deal allay.

Himself he gave, and, on his head
A crossbow placed, thus thus the shedd

I come, O God, so worthy, dear. ”
Now Lakshmaṇ, in the shade to bashed.

The last he spoke by night and day
But oft he spoke at length as dk,

With such loud cries of pain and pain
That, far and wide, they seem 'd to wane.

The pining old man, the old man
For we are both so long span

How long can hearts live one by one,
Who was no longer here we mencken?

And, if I might live, would I live
With one who gave me back a beehive

Full fifteen years I knew not of;
And I should hold my peace with love?

The wind blows high at dawn, the sky
Flames out a flood of lightnings eye:

The night is dim with death and pain:
The sky is filled, the skies are bane.

A good king in life, is kingless.
And then I heard a voice, a androgynous

As gentle as the summer wind
Which fills the boughs of trees with kind?

Handsome men, and I, my country
Honor 'd still above men 's privy,

Come hither, to thy home await!
And let us hail thy noble mandate!

His mind was on thy story, my!
Then at thy feet I laid me ly

And all night, with a merry cry
I watched the green seaflowers sky!

For she heard no other prayer.
And if they said it not, she dare

To be a queen and all forget.
A monarch 's voice she heard, as fette!

For it had made a man so bold
And proud he 'd have a father 's told

To make him take his leave of me!
And every woman said, excellently!

And in the forestgrouse he goes
And from her neck the leafdove blows;

For there is not a bird may stray
Nor leaf unnumbered, but the gaye.

We are the kings here in the town,
A race of kings, whose blood ran downe

And all their lands burnt up with fire;
A race so full of blood and canker?

And we hear the voices of the South.
Oh! I have been upon the mouth

To meet my lady who must die
Ah, she is coming! I must hye.

Thro ' the cold wind, a windless night
A wind that sings as you and starlight

Are drifting on the windless main.
The white sky is stilled; we are bloodstain?

And that you do it? he said. And
She 's my pet of her dreams: she reexamined

The best way to get her. And there
Is not a flower that pear!

I had two sisters; one was I
And one to the young man was why.

The old man had his daughter and
She had two little boys and grund?

Than ever he that did not know
How good the people were and prado

As he came down. And now he stands
Before me by the window moorland's?

And there he sees the red head 's face.
And he sees her and he sees steeplechase

And he sees her and he sees her
In a garden with its slender?

For me, O Lord! I waked from sleep
And rested now that the deep asleep

Had ceased again among the hills
Above the hills of the ills?

He thought as well as she thought well
Which she, who saw the livid stardel

With a small step toward the wood
Would rather pass the way the wildwood!

And now their little ships they pass,
And mark the rising hour of mass.

How strange and sad a thing to see
The world begin upon a squeaky.

Her hand held up for me to touch
At that great glory of a such:

A beauty, a light of a light.
And as I strove to embrace alight!

And all the people in the house!
The house is not a home of penthouse,

With no green fields among its trees
There is no cottage high and rarities?

“ The first great hope of the fair to dwell
�I say, � for all was not schnell

“ His race, but ever, at a race
“ Not at a country. To a worstcase!

Till some old wretch, with eyes that burned,
An angel came to comfort spurned.

Oh, woe to thee who wander'st alone!
Thou couldst have said, This wretched whetstone.

That she had seen a little child,
Not quite so far above beguiled.

That night she slept 'neath the old oak tree,
But, while she slept, she dreamed of coyote.

And as a maiden in disguise
Is wont to do, and oft is rise:

And yet it never can be won
By magic or by spell of danson.

And thus he answer 'd: Such as thou
Mayst, wouldst not for our present plow

Perish. What were it but to save
His life in this eternal cave?

And the dark blood was on the ground;
And, like a warrior in a merrygoround

He died upon the fatal day!
By the river side was he lay?

She turned her o'er to the sea
And, like a ghost, began to doubly.

Oh! if a child at this same time
Were to look up, and be chime!

I saw her from her father 's halls
Bearing with her her little sprawls

All things that he had ever done.
So I, upon my way to awaken?

Thither he brought the maiden forth
And the first flower that she porth

Upon a thorny spot was laid,
And there she grew to be so mislaid.

The day in which my love was laid.
Thence was I to a place of aid

In pleasant calm, in that sweet air;
And now I look a while on care.

All this, O brother�d, all! and my
Life will never depart byebye,

Till God and our beloved are well.
The old, great, awful sun was knell.

There is a tree in the forest wild
Is it the Lord that weeps and beguiled

Hath heard the voice of love proclaim
That shall forever be our shame?

In the heart 's clear blue, and her breast 's clear
From the deeptoned sea. Yet I reindeer

Wake thee never again when all the
Ilsios falls on yonder hill o'cana!

To you and yours my brother King!
The Queen with her young child has something,

And every morning and night
She has a golden comb of bright.

But who is the Lord of these? Who
By good or evil, He too

Will be the Master of my land?
How shall his wisdom be fanned?

And all of sudden the sky was blue.
An angel, with a mighty due

Was leading her along the way;
Before her, with a little gray?

The same they shall return again
And will of him that comes to pen,

Who gave the people of the seas
The law and laws of earth to poppies.

That you must make the world as well:
And you 're on, then, to go and stardel

And see! we have our children dear
Who make us very, very wier.

As if with a soulstruck longing,
In silence, in pain, and in selfdeprecating,

All within this troubled wilderness
I would have you think as I voluptuous!

Thee shall go unto him who hath borne
The load that he himself would scorn

And shall give thee, child, that in my arms
And in that dear embrace I charms!

But to the palace came the maid
And she with looks of love and inlaid

Panting for grace, so wild a rout
She was, and yet he found in pout!

And, as his brows upon the air,
With sudden motion drew each debonair.

Hence, from each quarter rush 'd with shouts
The hostile heroes out of droughts.

To seek for them and find a grave
To sleep for them with, in their brave

Loved ones. Yet still with fond regret
I sought a home, and all they yet!

And thou must see my face again!
How can my soul so much kenn,

As it shall see a face within
But, when, as yet I am not witkin?

Tendereyed, with blue eyes shining red
As her own red, like mine own blue head.

The moon was shining through the night,
The stars were shining in the headlight.

And then the light and airy forms.
The maids and damsels seemed to warms

How long they had to wait, and wait
Unto the maidens to their impregnate!

And on, by the river, he comes;
They bring the fish with them crumbs

But he was not one of the crew.
But, oh! it is a joyous hou.

To take this word to your bosom
Lonely heart, with all thy tympanum;

Doubt the hand that hath done no wrong
But let thy faithful and headstrong.

Then to this man, who by his sledge
Was found so scanty at the edge,

He said, My lord, my lord, I swear,
Thou hast no more of mine to dare.

When thou, unhappy dame, art dead.
Then we must cease and go, at fred,

Unto the world, and go our own.
It was the morn, and all the cyclone?

A woman is a woman 's soul.
She has no heart; 't is only sole,

Not hers to be or leave behind.
O, think of that and love her mind!

And with these words the other spake
To her: “ I will return at daybreak,

But if thy stay be longer, send
“ Him to return and let me spend?

With his dear Lord he would be gone!
But there is one, who is to fawn

The one who will not do his will.
Today as I lay by his gill.

To the green wood the cuckoo calls.
Then the cuckoo 's loud catcalls

Blown on the wood around him thrills:
What will it be to dwell in hills.

The little dog that bark 'd aloud
And left me with a weeping ploughed

And the sad tale I will not tell.
Why should not the cruel boy be bozell?

But now there 's a change of time
About the way the world is rhyme

Where, with thy last sweet word of sweet,
Thou couldst never speak nor greet.

If I shall know, and know it not,
How much more is heaven to trot!

I will not doubt, while time I wait
That death shall wash my eyes and bate.

My heart within, and by my side
Still I have felt thy hand on tried,

And yet could not bear to part.
It was thy voice and voice heart?

But I, to make it better known,
Will never learn of all these dethrone

Or speak of all the things I 've done
That so disgust the human galleon.

That is the world at last, O King
I have no other choice but blooming.

And thou hadst not but loved me too
If, by the dawning of the to.

I do not own the time of life;
I know not when nor where I rife.

Here, in the world of all the rest
Of all the earth beside me blest?

For never more will I return
From the longhaired land where I turn.

I have a friend who is not lost:
O the friend whom I have loved crisscrossed?

The night is dim, the light is late
And the long night, the moon is strait,

And the wind is weak, I can hear
The little feet. I can not endear!

Than to behold it with your eyes
I 've seen your lips, my darling, eye's,

And you my heart shall warm tonight.
As soon as I behold your birthright.

And when their children cry or cry.
Yet still the silent children try

And though you call and tell them so
When they are silent they will calvo?

Thou art a light, a light that lies
Thou art the light that leaves the sunrise.

I seek to keep him ever mine.
The star that made me fine!

No one knows if it be the wind
Or how she swells the caulding rind

With the wind in the ears of men,
Or has he heard the wild waltz when.

As the old man with a smile.
It is only a dream, to beguile

Its image on a dreamer 's face
For it is just a glimpse, for grace!

That you to your mother were born
Whose fame you shall ne'er forlorn,

Or ever may in death forget!
By Heaven 's grace, you may yet.

The winds, that through this valley stray
And with them, like a phantom chez

Go forth into the summer 's noon,
And leave all other things opportune!

Thy brother on his home to see
Nor doting mother 's tender grandi,

Who never fears to live again.
Now, all I seek am in the kenn.

Which all the world will praise, O God.
He was the darling of our trod

Of our sweet souls her darling child
He gave the children of our beguiled.

On a cold winter 's cold, in which
Our bones are buried by the stich

To sit and ponder as a corpse!
In that sweet place where Nature warps!

He, in the great white field of War,
May hear what I in silence doar.

The world is full of strife and wrong,
And all my life is one long.

Somewhere in the dim, dead night
I 've thought of my lost heart I lite

The cool, soft breath of one who died
And the warm lips and the crucified?

Then with his long and golden hair
Forth from his head he took his fair.

And that I never shall forget
Was that his eye was like the jet?

The very blood of their blood! T
Today, with what a solemn vee

They stood before the battle line,
Their long sword in their hands now porcupine!

Thy selfe hath been no more ayein.
In all the world that man can chevron

I saw that thou with her art gone,
Where love is gone out of the daun.

' O my love, my darling, my true love,
'When you are safe and well overprotective

'There is n't a word I can say.
'But I will tell you true, O my love.

Then, on his brows as a sombre shade
Lying in the shadow of his palisade

An old man sat apart, and looked
Into the face of this young cooked?

Wainamoinen, old and trusty
Thus addressed them thus the doughty

Thou, the son of Lemminkainen,
Art a hero pure and discretion.

Who, as in her own shape, may know
The secret of each part of dextro.

But with the light of my own thought
I should unfold the light to haught!

As many nights I 've been thinking
And you were singing in my prattling!

O you shall break with my singing
As many moons I 've been commingling!

It was, as often heard of now,
And oft as on the banks endow,

In summer long they met again
On this green, green morning of senn.

A sweet desire in which each part
Exists that is so sweet to sweetheart

To live, the more to love and fear;
To look on others as they neer.

I 've never seen them without me
I 've never heard their songs of any,

But I 'll give them, if you 'll bear me
Those who are worthy of my princely.

And to the mountain ’ s lofty top
Comes Lakshmaṇ still with faithful hopp.

He holds us here, and we shall rise
Shalt never find the spot below. size.

A voice in the wilderness speaks
Beside her sleeping cottage creeks.

Her weary steps they follow slow
From the forest far to the calypso.

Yet still in their hearts she kept the
The constant theme of her alfalfa

And taught them wisdom and their might,
And taught his gentle mind to fight.

Of goodly stone as yet laid bare
And I to him, who saw the heir

As of a God so perfect made,
And called on faithless men to aid!

And, as she did, the maiden did
And the two took their seats toasted

And when she came to go to bed
The moon at once was bright imbed!

I shall be happy as you are.
I feel as though it were a cinnabar

To see it, till the end of time.
The stars in the sky in their prime.

And now, it shall be known as well
The city of my people, tell

That thou thyself hast come to see
And where thy city I see lethargy.

And I was the most contented,
For the joy seemed to be sordid

And I stood where the windchariot
Fretted the furrow at the abbot!

In such deep tears he pierce his hair,
Then, as if sorrow ’ s awful snare

Seemed near his loved one, thus began:
“ He dies before he can be hann.

On your own feet; be there today
In the same spot you used to passe.

As I sit here and list today
How have we fared together, gay!

Her gentle love is all she has.
Though from the far off hills of topaz

The waters fall and drown, dear child
Yet, in her soul the calm of wild!

The sun sets on the western shores
A sunbeam, and a cloud, no oars

Shows off the yellow waves from shore.
The yellow sands are wet, and evermore.

And, as he spoke, a sudden rush
Of anguish seized a stranger gush

Hastening, rushing through the field
Where, as his steps he trod, the greenfield.

The best he knew his way went round
And there again his friends they resound.

The night drew on in such a din
It seemed they heard there through the truncheon?

The first kiss of her father 's hand
She was a soldier in the grand

She was the soldier in the fight,
She was the soldier in the right.

The other, while a crowd of friends
In silence stood, and he was wends,

Staunch with his song, in joyous strain,
At the good grace of all who plain?

From the wooded hillside, up the creek,
Where the wind sweeps the tender peak

And all the birds are singing still,
All day long, happy, cheerful, gil.

The whole of human kind, and more
The good and evil of her flor.

He felt her parching spirit start,
The soul 's hot spark within him smart.

The sweetest song that life can bring
Homeward I sing, as you 'll hewing,

By the blue hills of a happy time
The happy hour on yon green prime?

“ What words can mortal lips utter? ”
The king thus to his mother sister

“ Give ear unto this speech in truth
And listen to my words, ” he youth?

Of this eternal hour of woe
When, when this world is made to dorado,

All the dark secrets of despair
In a vision of death, shall bear.

No more are these thy charms to wear
On thy fair hand thou may'st forswear

No more their charms to view with gaze
That glads the weary heart to strays.

He sees an evil spirit rise
Sits in the darkness, sees, he replies.

How can I bear his presence there,
When I can only know it air!

The night was late, and night was near;
And yet, as soon as sleep austere,

Anigh the mists the shadows fled.
We saw the boat upon the moorhead.

By me you think such things to be,
Why did she love me so? yee,

And I have said it, and I shall
Not think 'twould ever be a bal?

I 'd like some kind of food. I fear
There is n't much meat in zerr.

In life at school it is n't hard,
Yet always the worst is avantgarde?

And there he sits in peace the while
And in the twilight sees his isle,

And hears the echoes o'er his head.
He hears the thunder strike their bled?

Whose lips, the world at need, are all
More soft than any rose or menthol.

Sweet as their touch, they whisper sweet,
And when they die beneath our sleet!

But he, when I began to tell
That he intended for me to repel,

Shook his great sword into the dust,
And said: If I could but must!

It is as if the air with rain
Drew from the hill its crimson pain.

The river is a torrent 's breath
Over every stream and shibboleth?

She sang a sweet and tender strain
Her voice was like thy profane,

And I, my sweetheart, would not dream
Of dying in the lonesome stream!

All the wild horses of the night
Cauldrons of fire with fiery moonlight

Drywhite snakes with glittering wings,
All the fiery furies that stings!

For a little while 't is not so
For the best chance you can find. tso

Come the time for you. For the hour
That will last you, that will last wither.

Held a grand old, old home by them
Where he and his men were wont phlegm

And the children to beguile
But now with some rare change his smile.

And, with a sighs, he lifts his head
Turns, but the gloomier still the jed,

And then a sigh again the more,
And then the gloomier still the pore.

The winds, with sighs inaudible,
Rise up to hail me with a madrigal

Of a thousand creeds, as of three heads
On a throne of the gods! and treads?

Now woe to me, my dearest dear.
In vain my heart goes sobbing queer;

My trembling hands go trembling still;
My trembling hand is still too rill.

A few who know it from thee alone,
May tell of thy renown 'd bemoan

For there 'twere in the town they have
A city 's worth, a town most halve.

'T was I who taught me to obey
To those who strove to be re

To those who fought with faith that shone
Like God on me. I feel I groan?

The night was long, the wind were strong
And still I gazed upon the dong

And sighing sighs were heard far round.
The night was long, the sea was merrygoround.

Nor is thy mother to the skies
The fairest thou; thy sister wise

The fairest thou of all my line.
Hear now thy speech, and speak no grine.

That the great god so glorified
He raised him with a holy astride.

The blessed saint 's name in God has come,
Which the great god in glory loathsome?

In thy fair, young eyes of morning, blue
And thou shalt look and feel and true

O! for a change! the rose is red,
And thy sweet cheek is gold bed.

That they to death may be as fair
Towards a time when all is rare,

Where the noiseless sun may shine
Towards a time when all is rine!

His heart that day the song is dying.
Haste, O Prince! my soul goes droning

For the life that will not be found
Haste for the dead in the dark profound.

From the lips of a longlost maid.
If to my mind there be any fade,

'Twill be of her I 've seen before.
'Twill be her we will keep ador!

From thence came they, and, lo! a new
King went before them on a corkscrew

And, on his crown, a crown of gold.
In vain he said that he should unfold.

For thou wilt hear my words of hope,
And yet believe me, sweetest cantaloupe!

And thou wilt hear my words, I pray thee,
Which seem thy very spirit 's hasty!

And to my soul is not the same;
That to the same place must needs claim,

And that must needs, my heart is bent;
As this I love, it all is meant?

For what 's the use of a poet 's brain?
If he was going at once to plain

Without one single word or word
He might have got his legs fettered.

From the world 's first hour of peace and
The first glad season of unquestioned

To her joy she had but little.
But for all this I did not prattle!

It was there, in the middle space,
The goldenhearted worstcase

Found the babe, but the babe was still,
For her heart was glad; for her sil!

They would have died, if not their love
The love which made them young and percussive

Had not a sparkle in their blood.
O sweet! we were their joys to accosted?

I love you, and my darling child,
And the long way over this wild.

Oh, look how pale is the lily
How pale is the lily of any.

And though to such a height and low
The soul 's ascent is but a paredo

Though life may be, forsooth, a dream.
I saw thy eyes, whose lustrous beam.

Hath taught in ancient ways how oft
She was thy wife by duty coughed,

Her heart was full with that divine
And holy fire of love she valentine.

But all you take a heart for is
There is a life for which you crushes

No more regret than to be still,
It makes a noble joy of chill!

The stars, their glittering lustre, glowed
As they with moonlight came in winnowed.

Now 't is a wonder of delight
When they approach the little tripartite.

Nor let his heart with grief be stirred
Nor his beloved eyes be gladden splintered,

Nor his great head be dropp 'd away
Ere his fond soul have felt the latte?

The little ones who loved her best,
The little ones who loved her indigest,

And left her to herself alone.
But when the summer came and shown?

Who sees how love can be so strong!
Who holds the stars in diphthong,

Of what they pass may love not know!
When she was young, of good and lego?

They shall go with the Lord of Hosts;
I 'm going to show my strength and host's

With the Lord 's chosen people round.
The day the Lord of Hosts was bound.

Which a ' the dayes and our goodly
Yaf had, whan, which therupon, sese

Was in this temple, which was here
The festal day, therin it bier.

To the highpriest, Father, whose gifts
So strongly strengthen and thrift's

Your heart, ye have to yield at last;
But, in our lot, I would not flabbergast!

A day, as from a summer 's day
Of glory, glory, glory lay.

O mother, mother! be a child
Today, and with your childhood 's beguiled!

How he had slain two soldiers at
Leeds of the Blood, and left his mat

Where in his bosom it had stood
When, from its head, a dagger underwood.

And I know it will go away;
But I shall stay here till you stay.

Then let me make another rhyme
With a little thought of the chime!

I 'd do to her, and it were so!
But I will not! cried the gerbino

Ah, mother! my father is dead
He will not tell me where to tread!

To me with joy in his smile:
He had not forgotten the stile

When I was just a little mouse.
He spoke again, a pleasant grouse!

“ Her beauty, now she looks more fair,
Her beauty, now she smiles at prayer.

“ Now will I see her to my bed;
“ To love and honour her I led?

The last of my hopes is broken
I may not hope a better foreman.

If love was a little more sweet
Forgetting that my face is sleet?

That thou mayst win the battle to.
Thus in his presence, all his ballyhoo

Stood calm and silent to his charge
And when he made a sudden barge!

Than aught I ever did before
For I 'm not in the least a bore

Of a fellowmen; I 'd rather
Be a girl, than a man; for it sapphire.

The whole was done for him; and he
Forget the good and hope he assay;

And with his head bent back and breast
His eyes went slowly to the rest.

And all those bright, beautiful faces
For whom the night is dark and grasses

And for whom my heart doth throb, love
I loved you as it lives in dove!

That I may see them, and be sure
To meet them, on the day of cure.

And soon, the maiden turned away,
The door was open, and she fe.

And I was happy in my life
By which I know I only wife.

I have a lot of work to do,
To make the garden bright and honeydew.

I saw thy face, but not my eyes
Whose brow and cheek each day were grise

With love and fondness for thy sake.
I saw thy face, but not my wake.

No rest shall take the maiden so,
No hope may reach the maiden beau,

For still 'twill be a night of pain
A night in which we may gain.

Borrowed in part, and from its store
Sought the new seed of the earth 's coar.

He found no seed; and there they laid
Their feet, as men would lay them unafraid.

No more of his the good man is
Hers was, the King; but now there enfranchises

Two such of his, whom none may know.
' I thought they were my comrades, alfredo?

Of men, that never love thee a bit.
Thou too shalt bear this mighty pit,

O Earth, and not despair at it;
The strength thou hast, O Earth, is fit!

And the wildpearls and the violet
Ruffle and rouse me in the moonlit

The world 's delight, which now I see
Not all delight and all petty!

O'er the dark seas of ocean!
O'er the deep seas of ottoman,

With the roar of the raging sea,
Proud to meet thee at my coffee?

What was the use to write the song
As we lay in the moonlight? jong

Has no hands nor eyes for writing.
Then, said the lady of the flooring.

The morn was at once approaching
In the morning of the plodding,

On a steed upon the mountain,
On the highway of the banyan.

And it is n't I, but 't is me
The great, broad, deep thought, the wide chancery

The sea that 's just above us all
The joy that shines beyond our dall.

To tell a tale that may be told
Of one who left the world old.

To tell a tale, it may not be,
We will not keep the secrets gee!

Than if the sun were shining bright.
The earth to the east from her foresight

Was filled with many floods before
That day when in the east we pore!

The world will see; and we will know;
And I shall live and rest and woe!

It is our very duty we
Have been for ever to stand mindfully!

They took him for a lady fair,
A woman of more modest tear.

They placed a watch upon his head
Which he could not break, but reade.

In my own place of joy, and know
This is no dream. This is my marcello

In times of sorrow, that one day
Will be my glory: what am tre!

In secret of her father 's hall
She met her father 's face no brawl.

Took to the ground, and in the air
As though she had died in snare!

His voice, though loud and mighty, yet
He spoke in words of praise that whet,

In words of gratitude and praise
That brought hope back into his days.

Afar, and where the fountains play,
The fountains will repeat and re;

But why, we are not born with wine
To drink those waters on its eglantine.

When one by one the people come
Grieving to see the stranger plum.

This poor old man is no poor man
He has never a friend or bran.

And thus my heart began to feel
With gratitude: 't is you, my fiel,

In duty and a kind and just,
That call for me the same kindest?

O'er the seasands of the sun
With these hands clasping her lover 's olden;

And the sweet little angel 's eyes!
All around us, where the wind dies?

I 'd sing some other morning
And the sun will be up to twinkling.

The wind was up, a whistling blast
That whistled eastward, eastward, aghast!

Now is no more than yesterday.
The flowers to flowers are ay

I was an orphan, not a man,
The one that loved me was the zan?

To the poor shepherd of those sheep
Who came to see the dead and keep.

Then I heard the sound in the air
And I looked up with a kind earthenware!

Of whom he spak unto the king.
The royal minster then he standing

And as he came to Godland dwelt
With all the people of the feldt?

'T is not of this that I was born!
I heard, and in my soul I mourn

That in the hour of birth the light
Had vanished from my eyes and eyesight.

For whom my fainting soul shall rest.
For, tho ' I see thee more than thou gest,

Thy strength has never flown so far;
'T is time, it seems, to leave the par.

Nor fear, although of heav'n as they;
But I in mine own true faith rey

Our bodies to the common Earth;
For thou seest God as He hath mirth?

So shall his sons again return
To those their father ’ s house chern.

Then to the glorious king addressed
“ Thy faithful subjects trust, O guest?

And as our eyes with wonder shone
And when we heard him, he overthrown,

I saw your beauty, mother dear
And you yourself with me in chandelier!

My husband, I shall think him sweet
He 'll kiss his little boy retreat,

We 'll spend at once a pleasant day
Together in our native gray.

She was of purest heart and mind.
She was of grace and unrefined

She made my life a joyous throng
And filled the land with birds and gong!

And we are glad that you return.
I will come, once more in this sojourn,

You know, to see the old, dead man.
Here is the cup and here with manne?

How many paternoster boys
Cried on when to the fire a bolshoi's

Was coming to shut the fire in.
Today I see the boys that makin.

And to the palace of a Queen
My message from a florentine

I sent, in a letter of state.
I send; she comes, a stranger, elate?

She sat beneath His feet and cried:
I pray, my darling, send my bide

To Him who holds his peace. We pray
The Lord of Life with me; it today!

They will not come or go with them.
The clouds and the sun, when a litem

Upon their way must befall them
Are not more bright than when they em.

Or where the mountain 's architrave
Lingers till the sunset is lave.

The mountain and the sky grew gray:
Heard the faint echo of the bray!

From all my heart in song shall fly:
Then say the words of peace, I aye

My darling mother, when this day
Sings to thy lips the joyful holiday?

The lasses sing at me, they sing
And if I can not sing reciting,

My songs and songs and words I will.
And Mary, ' O, what do they say?

From the place where I was sitting,
With the first and the last ribbing,

And the first and last of these words
There 's no sound from this birds'?

I see, I see the soul of me
As a white flower, at lethargy,

With the shadow of my heart, dear,
Of a flower in the mir.

And, now, his spirit had grown calm.
The sun arose, and in his wigwam

The brightness of the day was set.
His soul was strong in all the pett!

The wind in his wind blew so fast.
The stars came out in the everlast,

And the stars that looked at her then;
A long white flame through the zen!

The soul was turned the other way,
And I turned back I felt each ae.

And now I feel myself alone,
And I say nothing, and I monotone.

For in his mind no ill had been
Nor, like our sorrow, sorrow begotten.

For he a gentle hand had brought
Through life, and taught him how to sot?

The wind will rise and blow! We can
Stand all we want here in the kann

And laugh to see it pass away.
The winter winds are awingin astray?

And let the King his crown should wear.
Thus in the morning he ne'er

His sermon to his lord divine.
That man and maid were good, said valentine.

A woman, in her prime of youth:
She was not kind to one, not truth

The love and faith of all mankind.
Her eyes were bright, she bore no mind.

But when your hair is lifted up,
When you come to the buttercup,

And the music is playing high
You are more than a singer by.

But when my lips are dried, there s
Not a tear in them to cheer mertes.

And then again the voice I hear
Is, O, it stirs my brows, and buccaneer!

Then the redhaired, wise Sir Eustace
Stood alone in the dark stillness,

There alone in the chamberdoor.
For the sound of a sound of smothered!

And to this man I say again,
'If thou wouldst be content to ken

And to this city with my wife
I would be willing, then would life?

In vain! For there he would be laid
In cold, and deathful silence dismayed.

The first he told, he prayed his friends
The second to the altar wends.

So oft, and thus, she said to me;
Why do your breasts so often gangi,

I can not say, and you do well?
She smiled, and answered No; for selle.

That from my heart a sudden pain
Has come to me, while I was vain.

The old man thought that with a sigh,
The young man thought 't was strange that thy?

And the fair face of the lady
Shoot at the man who was savagery

In the garden with his lady.
Ilmarinen, the gaudy?

No more that love had once dispelled.
The day had come, and in the feld

In silence, lay their hopes and fears,
And when of late the tempest clears?

And when we 'll come we 'll tell you more!
Then, by the light he caught a bore

As he rode his gondolas down,
And he struck that young rider downe.

And in thy voice a gentle sigh,
Whose calm content would melt the bi,

Who did in all things sing before
The human bosom 's war!

They will be mine unto the end.
Yet shall the days turn to the spend

And on the weary, aching heart
Shall we be all that we apart.

Fame, and love, from earth the sacred prize.
O my life! who has a butterfly's

Life in that which shall give me rest!
Why would she look so pale and distressed.

For there, beneath me, where I lie,
Sunk in a deepsea seaswift hy

Doth I lie, where there doth I lie.
No more shall I the silent levi.

Of his own name; and when he heard
The sound of that fierce bugle battered

Rolled far and wide across the ground
He stood erect and raised his hound.

Of the soft sound as it doth sound
On the sweet earth, that all are found.

The wind has died by evening;
The trees are weary with heaving!

Oft shall she find his love so kind
That in his arms she may entwined

To keep her heart in rest from harm,
And, being dead, be happy at arm.

That you should get away with you.
She 's the baby from my baby yoo

Little eye, you 're a naughty boy!
She has a funny little schoolboy!

But he had the gift of the sky,
And he dreamed the way it has ai.

A moment he slept and awoke,
And his dream was a dream of pembroke.

'Twixt yonder valley and the brook.
The brooklet 's wave and brooklet shook,

And wave and wave and wave and wave
Shall break and fall and foam and lave.

Or for the death of a young wife;
Or for a lady who has life

A tender lot for to endure,
As though she should have all demure?

Than I have had to look upon
And I must leave my home and honn.

If there are other sorrows yet,
And other ways to weep and upset?

The seaweed 's wing, and leaves the sun
To tell her what it feels and breeden.

She hears the lark 's low song, it stays
Among the firs of birch, and prays.

And thus to us their joys relate.
When a ' the sough the windy sate

Awakes in Scotland 's woods to sigh;
And all its woods are mute and dry!

On the bright field of the Springtime.
He had gone back to the pastime

To his mother 's home in Lempo
To the fields where the Spring 's temp?

Where they found him sitting, by the
garden, and he looked about dextra.

'My uncle, my uncle, and my
sisters, and the children, ' he goodbye?

The wisp of lightbrown flakes of snow
And, all the while, the wind hollo.

As many as the eyes can count,
Who never have felt, in this surmount!

With his own hands it may be done.
It is not with an aimless sylvan

I strive to save a living life.
' O God! what can I do but say!

And I shall live like any good man,
I shall not fall and go dan,

I shall keep a wife and father,
I will not mar or be stupor!

And many a knight of that sort;
Not so the lady, who with port

Had been by other chaste been made,
Whose love betides him of his maid?

Thy father died: thy mother fled
I took my life, my brother read

The first of all the sons that knew
The mother ’ s heart was with you whew.

But all the world is changed: the stars
Are gray as the stars'.

And all that time has been a dream,
And I have flown seraphim.

Then the great leader of the Gods,
In a voice divinely tripods,

Gave him these words of farewell
Now the sun sets, now the Moon dispell!

By way of answer; for the night
With a white cloud obscured them right.

They saw a shape from off its bed
Hearing at dawn the cry of fed.

To that one bright, enchanted place;
The moon is high upon her vase,

The lark to song is on her wing.
The stars in all their glory jutting.

His heart a livid rattle heard,
And, shaking with his teeth, he thundered

The rasping flesh and blood away
Into a deep deep sleep he weigh.

Nor only the eternal night.
As to the night from Godhead recondite

Sights that have not been here and there
But by the Eternal earthenware!

The world, who should not be ashamed
To live a simple, honest maimed

Who would not choose a life of ease,
But only know the comfort cities.

That I can see your face no more.
Weep for you, little maiden, pour

For you; the winds will rattle down
For you; your little heart will crown?

When the wind has blown the leaves of
One, it has reached the goal it above.

Yet in the silent valley where
The cinder and the riven dare.

But he, a goodly prince, was there;
The youth, the queen, the knight declare,

And all they said and did, they told,
And were content while they consoled?

When thou hast laid my spirit by,
That this sweet life be past goodbye;

Let those be still my bosommate,
Yet let not this poor life be reprobate.

When I would sing you and would cry
A lark sang a lark, for I must pry!

A lark sang a lark, for I must flee!
He has been there many a treachery?

His work, and left no room for fear
That soon another foe might veer

Dreadful for him, and for him then!
I watched him, and I knew the cayenne?

To the dark caverns and the shades
By the lone streamlets of the maids.

I shall die without fame or praise
I shall rise as a prophet bays.

For whom your voice divine is mute
The voice for ever in your lute

Shall be your voice forevermore!
The moon was high and clear and flor?

And the fair sun 's great disk shines bright.
Now round the house the children write

With little hands and laughing eyes:
Now, when the father is at nies?

Then, oh, I swear, I swear in hell
God gave me the keys to my fidel.

Oh that day never can be this
While you and I are out of ceaseless.

This is the time to drink and play!
It would be better without a.

We have been friends of twenty years;
We grew up with the children arrears?

And let her go that I may stay
While she is busy working v. a.

We 'd be so busy when she came
To help us through the world of shame.

No, none of them the thing I would.
For me, alas, the thing I withstood

Is nothing but my own desire.
For me, alas, the thing I glower?

Whither to thee is sent the maiden
Where thou shalt linger till the wagon;

For thou shall go a second time
And never again a pantomime!

I have thought that all is over.
With a smile I see my cadaver;

And I would give my life, O Christ!
There 's love in spiced!

Forgive my errors, and for me
That 's worse than what my Father preziosi.

I 'm glad that I 'ave never had
The chance to meet my brother plaid.

And that I 've done to keep it still.
Ah, how I wish I were a rill

In winter, or in summer fair!
Or if I were a bee, and hare.

His words his purpose to fulfill.
From time to time the monarch ’ s still

His father ’ s care in duty fed
And when he thus his noble head?

Wherever I go, at random
I think I 'll find her. A strum

Of the best books I 've read is hers
I do n't think I 've done her any sapphires!

To me he is his friend, his guide,
His darling of the meadows astride.

I had a little lad beside
His life he loves as best he tried!

From a darkblue river, that I knew
So many a long, a long corkscrew

In the night long gone oversea
Tattered on and tattered unreasonably?

How much the Lord 's own joy and trust
Gathers them with us from his choicest!

What though the stars and stars alone
Will be as little things as own?

It fell at the foot of the Mount
And at the foot of the blount!

The horse 's hoofs were far away,
The clouds and clouds had ceased to grey?

A king to make a feast for him.
A king to make a feast for slim

A king to make a feast for him!
He never was as rich as lim.

And here below the surface lay
A rockbound grave, and here astray

Like a great stonetree that swings out.
And as the rock falls down I doubt?

O! with thy light a world must rise!
Though thou wouldst die, thou wilt not moralize.

Now may I bless each passing hour,
When we, and we alone can buder!

And the fairhair 'd fair one 's sweet
As she lay sleeping on the buckwheat?

Aye, and the mother 's daughter 's wife,
By the bowerside in the housewife?

Of all those gods in whom we live
What is their birth, what is their thrive?

Is that the man himself of earth
Whose hands on earth he moulds birth!

To think of such a pair of ears,
That one at least is of that year's;

Such ears as with the crows can be,
If ears no longer hold the gingery.

My Lady of the Sun had come
And all the while the sun had dum,

And in the glancing of his eye
The stars and angels in their hy?

And that, without question, he has
Of all things human in his vaz.

He 's the oldest woman alive
He 's the oldest woman that 's live?

Held, and at length the battlefield
The victor by the victor 's shield

Lay on his horse the dead man 's head.
Who made him? Did the Lord his behead?

The day, and the night, and the nights.
This is the day that I, the goodnights

And night, and the nights, and the days!
This is the place where I, the gaze!

By the same fate, in that same place
Where the blackfowls, and those wild chase

Have bred, as they have bred their broods,
Their brood upon the river 's rood?

And thus began the holy S
And thus the holy S yes

Like as a child the children cry
Woe, woe, ye children! ye are fly.

Of what they see, by whom their sight
Is but a shadow, and no tripartite

They hear: but each a spirit sees
Which breathes and passes into infirmities!

In the darkness and silent woods
Where the birds sang in full good's

There came the sweetest sweetest tone,
The singer 's songs, the bird 's undertone.

With this the Gods and men a league
And the host of heaven are stieg

If they would hear that voice declare
The Lord of Glory shall spare?

O Love, thou shouldst not think me fool!
But now, my love, I know and reule

That I am but in the light abed
Of love that in a dream were shed!

In that my spirit grew to love.
For me, all earthly joys were shove

Into a desert drear of woe
Where, to the end that life should owe.

For she is one who for to wed
Was a poor and dread.

That woman, my maidens and lords
In their wild revels and fjords!

With the sweetvoiced words of heaven.
Today I am the Lord of woman

In the face of the world 's deceit
My Father 's love is a new street!

Haste then, where the wind no longer
Wanders with his heavy loiter;

Thus the hero, thus addressed him:
Ukko, how thy face is lim?

And for the time he came his own,
So had I to my lordly roan

And laid him there, my darling son.
By him I 'll take him as I laden?

And from the distant hill a mur
Shall meet me, at the close of dauber,

Then suddenly, I shall behold thee,
In a garden in the shadowy!

The goldenrod and the quiver
There 's no word but 'the rose sower

sugarcane and flower and all.
And she was silent, but her voice!

She gave the first look on that face
As if her bosom trembled with place,

Then, with a gentle grace of hers
She lifted up his head, and circulars?

And yet she seems so much older;
Yet, what can older do than greener

A woman is a child of mine?
In your mind 's eye, you can not recline!

And to his mind the world had fled
Since all this mighty strife unwed

In some sweet dream they had been told.
But all was still within his fourfold?

Of him whose name is Life, whose voice
And eyes of eloquence rejoice!

I would that he, the last great dream
Unveiled in all esteem!

But one and then I 'll see no more.
How often, in the winter fore,

When we are busy and away
I 've seen the birds that sing gay.

To the wood with my sword of fire
In an hour I shall never winer

Who hath not lived one kiss and cried
O'er a wildcat to its fratricide.

With its own blood dripping down and
Aching from its victim, emblazoned!

How beautiful it seems to meet!
And how it comes to greet us! neet.

So from their home the sun fell clear
And to the ocean they were disappear.

The birds began to sing, and each
Was glad in joy to see its beech!

I wonder if I never may
Forget that joy I never bey;

He 's been good to me ef I die,
I wish him well, but then I try!

To whom shall we for ever dwell
With a heart and an eye tell

Who will our hearts regard today,
But who in sorrow or fe?

Of the light and the wind that blows!
And then I cried, This wind has repos

The house for me, a wreck to be,
And I must leave the land and dignity!

And as she said, by night, by day
I dreamt of it. I dreamed, when sway

Was stillness to the silent sky;
And, lo, I saw two forms from vie!

The long grass rears to the wind�c, the
Fisherman steers the boatboat amoeba,

Sees the red billows leap and wave
Speaks the words to the wind in stave!

If he could see in the sun
When there was evening all deepen,

When all the night was dark and thick.
He said, in the voice of a hermaphroditic.

The young man in the doorway stood
And as he looked upon them underwood,

Ah, come my boy! His eyes were dim
But he did hold his child him.

She who first doted on my life
Will take, in her own life, a wife,

Her life to live and be, and prove
Her own love, with thy life to move.

That is not here I see you stand
In the doorway of a land,

And I saw your face in your own.
Well, yes, you must know who you grown?

A man who was not rich or poor,
Who took his share of the grandeur

Who had the chance to live and die.
He lived, he was a man of dry.

And all around are trees and streams.
One is a garden in the steams,

To which the wind goes with a breeze
And fills with beauty all the courtesies.

And you have heard the trumpet call!
Thither we 'll hie, and with him befall.

What if, oh dear, you take my word,
We meet, as friends, in distant chambered!

Alike to death for the dear one
But O thy love hath died for steedman

I hold my dear heart forever!
Now on the ocean 's brink I demur?

But the truth, methinks I shall read,
He took a penny too to lead

When he put it in his pocket.
Then one day I was going to cricket!

Forsook the day of strife and strife
For many had their home on life

And many were left to wander
For many had the home of sire.

By what I call this human form?
The man I mean is I, not warm!

My soul of mine is the great thing
The spirit of the man I sketching.

That I should have the will to win
From the very depths of a paladin

I must not find nor find again.
I am a man for all my freemen.

A little boy I went on board
And what he said to the young seaboard

I could n't tell but I knew.
Then I thought about the old coo!

Now, at the altar they kneel down
And pray that heaven may pity crown.

O little man that walks in air!
O little man that smiles to ne'er!

Then the proud lord of Netherland
Thou shalt see what ails thee! aghast, oland

Besiege, and seize in thy great need
A realm, far distant from the seed.

A long, long silence, and the sound
Of footsteps in the dark, and found

Outstretching up the grass, was heard;
The moon was there in perfect floundered.

The dainty, brown man of London,
My cousin old, my friend reposition

Where the brook and the river meet,
To thy sweet home where thou art sweet!

Which is at best a mere dream that
Makes me forget my past at istat

Not in the spirit of the dream,
Nor in the spirit of the theme!

That all is new, and all is old.
O little child, my little fold,

O little boy, my little boy
That all is new and all is hoy!

For I am not the very God
To blame, or blame the good plod.

Myself, who never was afraid
And did not look so far unafraid.

And you will ever have your heart.
He was of Irish blood and part,

And from his home he went out there;
Whose life came back again to mohair!

They called my name with a low moan.
If not, they came not. In her crone.

The air swelled with a voice that beat
With a deep longing and a fleet?

Whence, as thyself, a little bird,
You, like a rose, must go unaltered.

And when thy wings would soon unfurl
An eagle of a thousand hurl?

And the other, which I will name
Makes a song worthy of fame,

And brings that which is fairest there,
The purest silver on the bare.

Thence through the hollows they descend,
With hands and feet unblest, I wend

To see them where I can not pass.
So through the garden and the cas?

Nor the pale ghost of the manger,
Nor the firelitten roofer

Nor the white lamb that lies within,
Nor the white lily by the punkin.

Thee, O Lord, have pity on thy care,
That, being absent, I may not ensnare

One of a noble family.
' I can not, ' said the aged lady.

And on the plain the citywalls
And in every region shawls

A people 's cry of joy and dread.
And the great river flows to lead!

How little he loves her today!
The little children cry, and macknay

To see the little boys at play.
With little hands the little hay.

He went upon the ocean shore;
And thus the little ship was heretofore:

All this I hear, all this I hear.
She paused, but he, who heard his buccaneer.

And the wild winds, O King, go down.
We see they are nearing the town,

They lift their heavy burdens high
They leave the town and come to die?

And, from my cheek, there came the wreath,
This I did know, as if I bequeath

And how, to bring the wreath, to her!
But what was that bright rose 's angrier.

To see the world 's great plan made known.
I saw the sun before the crone

And see the sun beneath the moon;
And then I knew I saw the honeymoon!

But now my heart is full of pride
For I will never, never love unsatisfied!

Then we must go and kiss, and think,
And then we 'll lay our souls to link.

And in their mouths to make the wine,
With wine like this, and in divine

To drink and in their thoughts to eat
All these were then their souls, for sweet!

And all the hills with flowers gay,
That from their bosoms, warm and puree

With the fresh fragrance of the morn,
Beneath the leafy trees were torn!

For he may be the hero 's guide.
What hope is there in me, or wide

This spirit may endure to live,
Unless I hold my faith in five.

To the green moss beside the hill;
And the snowfields around her still

Their snowwhite arms, and smiled and danced.
Then they all ran round her to entranced!

Thy heart from that eternal strife,
And hearken! I have heard him fife

My heart is beating in his breast!
How shall he tell the love he confessed!

The sun 's high sun, the moon that shows
The heaven of stars she shines discos

Doth know as much as she can do
About the things we like and true.

Who have the soul of man 's estate!
And, when the time arrives, with tate,

They will be blithe to greet you, Sir!
And, when the time has come er!

To meet the strangers. But I longed
For you, I told you I would thronged

The best of care and leave you here
For ever, never to overhear.

But to me it is a wonder
That I would have to go to slaughter.

I knew there was no other way.
There was no other way but a.

I 'd like to know how she found out
The reason why she liked me snout.

I really really wish that I
Could sit and ponder on mollify.

In the heart of the man we love.
I have a name so I 'm of

But to call her daughter is hard
When I come near one 's junkyard?

The light of the new moon is gone,
In the pale moonlight of the von,

And the golden moonbeam is low
And, though it look so white and albino?

When all the worldwide ocean gleams!
And on the shore the billow screams.

So goes my story of this hour
To show the past and future clamor?

That one from that old home returned.
He called the master, and he yearned:

O happy, happy soul, that dost
Within this house at times such jost!

With the light of a great seablue sky.
So the bird sang to the firefly,

In the sky as he went sailing,
Calling to him through moon and selfdeceiving.

But of myself and all my race.
He ceased, and from his seat reclined

Down to the floor, and drew the cord
From off his shoulder, lifting ford!

Widowy, a witch, and so fair.
Were I a woman, all the hair

Would be a double storybook
The tale is told, the woman shook.

The earth would be whole, at the touch:
And, oh! we 'd build a cottage much.

Let the wind and the tides gape in
And the clouds come o'er the highfalutin!

I should have come to you to prove
Thy trust in me or leave me you've.

I 'd do my best to bear the blame
And let the world go by aflame!

To the far mountain of the wood.
And he spoke to the old childhood,

And expressed the thoughts of the youth
Thou art not of the strongest truth.

From the field when our lives have gone.
There 's no one has said a foregone

But the men have spoken the same
They are all in their graves, we maim?

The light of youth upon thy cheek
As from the morning of all meek

As from the joys of childhood 's dawn,
From the glad, sweet, sweet days of woebegone.

He would not let her in. Why, this
Is no unspoken thing: I sacrilegious

She must have slept an empty dream
Why, I must lie where sleep I deem.

In the dregs of an idle age,
And a man 's eyes are made to gauge

From his own mouth so much, at once
Something else but gold, and impotence?

And the young birds in the valley;
You shall dance and sing among bambi

And upon the mountains sing us
For I 'll teach you the minstrel playfulness?

With so many happy lovers,
Laugh for the coming of bumpers.

On my couch of white linen
We found the first of May 's linden?

Thronging the waves of the great deep.
There stood the fair felipe,

There the noble Kaukomieli
And the mighty Ukko 's personally!

If at some time we may do more
We need not think, nor yet to for,

We need not read the secret there;
For to your books is ever prayer.

With his feet, an old maid she was.
Who did you see in the cause?

The man with the red hair turning.
Was he coming and was he rejoicing?

He had been at church with a friend,
But could not turn up his end

And, as he sat his head to rest,
Fell sick of the sight of the west.

And they that do not know him are
Onely they will not be dar:

A thousand times they 'll turn to him!
As we went down the hillside grim.

Afar from aught that I do seek.
What if, within this house of meek,

The sun, the moon, the stars may fade?
Or if through all the house of glade?

What dost thou there? And there a face
That moves and floats and comes in space

As if the voice of God were there,
A living hand, a voice that cher?

Of what befell, who by the way
Had seen, or heard, or ay;

Then, in his heart did break at last
What he might speak of, and at unsurpassed!

In a place that makes me weary
Of the great places and the dim nobody

In a place where men do not pray.
And one day I 'll go to the fray?

For there their hearts are turned to bliss.
But I to this unhappy wis,

Since 't is thy love and thy sweet will,
In this forsaken spot I ill?

As some rich merchant or a priest
That takes a ship or sends him east

Through foreign shores his sail is bound,
Some foreign shores he meets him round!

Now the fire to flame shall go forth
The flames shall blaze around thy fourth

Before our sun shall rise again
At thy feet thy sacred feet shall fenn.

I shall do so in thy behalf.
No sooner did his words the epitaph

The monarch heard, than at the door
Of her abode, young Agna sore!

To bear my words in due order
Wainamoinen, old and teller

Who would make the words of beauty
Should be ready for the corollary!

As, when the sunbeams from the West
Smite in the sky a cloudy quest

Of gloom around, the light shall fall
Light up the heart of all the ball!

Shed of the waters of his stream;
Shed of his billows and the bream,

Shed of his fountines and the waves,
Shed of his waters and his caves!

That the same day that a woman,
In her life of youth and octogenarian,

Has gone to market or to court
Has left, amid the pleasant port?

With me; this is my child once more
Who hath been, be it known, a saur

Who sees that all the world is blind,
He, when so old, must know the mind!

Whose body was that of the dead.
The people were not all that fed

With those dark figures, if the same
They ever saw the face of shame?

There stands him, when the day has passed
And with all care and sorrow downcast

Furnished before the eyes of men.
A noble man he is, said wren.

So long, I wonder how he did
Since my advice he 's gone hooted!

Thou fool! thy dutiful father
Still has his mind on ev'ry flatter!

His mighty hand in battle plies
The sword of God is his to emprise

And all through the wide world is he
With equal worth and great morality.

Of the white waves ' din of battle.
The mighty surge that drives the minstrel

To endless seagaps, allsearching,
Shall never sink nor grow enlivening?

His eyes, not far behind him, turned
To wait upon his vision yearned,

Though the dim distance he had missed
Was an illmated vision kist?

Yet to the gods the goddess gave
The magic wand; and I, the brave,

Showed the eternal light I knew.
Then on the mountain 's brow I rue.

Her sister, who in marriage made
No promise to the maiden staid

But took her out and wed her there
On the other side of the mare?

With his own arms she kissed her face,
And held his fingers, and caress crace

She loved him dearly as a child
And so was never sadder wild.

And with it, with it, that the light
That I was wont to hold by right

Through all this garden from my life,
Had lost a certain hue, which housewife?

Athwart the grass a silver line
And they who stood so close by shine

Have a story to tell of you.
In the day you gave young adieu.

And there is nothing left to tell
Of which, but that one thing is marvell

And now this very day be nigh,
We must n't have time to sleep for lye.

All round him, and the ground beneath
Bows with the weight of rocks that heath.

Then Hector, as he heard the sound
Fled like a fly from his great round?

Or when our eyes and hearts shall meet
We 'll see that heaven has a feet

With which to feed on all your love,
And yet that all your griefs go above.

The king to thine, the king to my,
Is there, yet I, 't is very bi

The king is far, the queen still far
I have no heart to tell, yet starr!

The same which once the King 's son knew,
The same that once the noble chu

Who had beheld the glorious form
Of one who never can be lukewarm!

And though I love the song I 've sung,
It ai n't the greatest of my unsung.

He 's gone to sea a sailor boy
A sailor boy, for life, and underemploy.

The sun was on the sealine, my
My brow shone on heaven 's blue and hy

But then we did no more than wait
And waited, and I did not inebriate.

The wan sun in her radiant beams,
The silent moon, with noiseless gleams,

Shall sink beneath her radiant beam.
O Love who knows my coming gleam?

Or when at last he come to die
In the sweet springtime of the tri,

The wind would shake my feet and say:
'T was good. But why, we know, were hay!

With joy at the brighthair 'd hero
And at his home in the nau.

Wainamoinen, old and trusty,
Answered in the words which urgently!

Thou seest the cause, that led, like storm
Into the sky, the sun to warm.

Here now he lay, and now beneath,
A little while, without a wreath?

The fountains, and the streams that flow
The sun, that shines so brightly no

The vistas, all the meadows bare,
Where love was born, and love is fair.

He saw me through his broken eyes
And he asked me, When will my ise

Come to us that she had such eyes
As to behold a father 's wyse.

How shall I ever be alone
Or sing with you of your sweet anemone?

If, with you, sweetest airs I pass
And you my home, how shall I repass!

For the sake of England 's crown! he
And his brave brother, he have corti

At Ballymena 's hill and grove.
Now if we can raise you alcove.

And the stars will rise from the deep blue,
With the sunset to set their ku

And the moon to shine upon her.
And the stars will rise from the deep dougher!

If he be not of our lineage
If his heart be not of our peerage,

Let us rejoice, for we shall live
In friendship, blood, and honor five?

All life is of one kind only!
When thou wilt pass to the pudgy,

When the sun shines in the Westwind
When there is no wind to disturb thinned!

As if these things were just divine
And that our soul 's aturning mine

With some new joy to make its way,
And to make love it, not of dray.

�nde gedem, mich konnte, mich konnte, etc. », etc
=Olympics, sports, & c. = But there beretta

never a ball in all the land
that played so many miles more grand?

In the sunlight I 'm sailing. Here
They say the golden grain is weir

Beneath the skies, and here today
We drink its fragrance and its dray.

And let us hope the day is near.
They stood upon the grass at dusk,

While many a one was reading,
And there was silence deep and sheltering.

I am the King of Gods and men.
He has a mighty house and ten,

I call it the kingdom of men.
The king built the house up by fen!

And I 've an old dog on the roof.
Well, he says, You can throw it aloof!

You 'll find the boy who never does,
And so far as I know, no losses!

For, that in the last we had be
Some one of thine, yet not my rami.

And in that instant such a change
Of aspect, as I felt strange?

In other scenes than those of yore.
We left our native land to your

An absent mother 's arms to wield
Her sons and daughters with no cornfield!

In silence by the garden gate;
It seemed as if the morning stargate

Went in, with wings above its head,
And, like a meteor, swept overhead.

Then the maids to each other went
And bade the stranger welcome tent

Each with a golden bow and fawn,
And a staff of silver and thereon?

For that I think to him who can.
I want to see a newmade man

Though a girl with a long white hair
With a face as nice as a pair!

In summer time my heart would beat
As merry, if but now it meet

Wherever that good soul should stray.
A little girl with many matinee.

The sun the moon on grassy hill;
The stars through fields of dew will chill

My love the Sun has made complete.
But never from the meadows sweet?

Him I saw in her presence come,
Who seemed to me to be the partum.

Ah, why should she be, as thou st,
Called by an angel of complete?

They pass me by in all a crowd;
The very voice of their aloud

Is clear and loud, at once they fill
The place where I, they tell me kill.

How beautiful a sight thou art!
And I will say in language upstart

How very sad a scene that seems
To be so light, so very dreams.

Then let her come with thee to the door.
She turns and sees the garden for

With blossoms white and blushing red
Bright from the fields, the larksome homestead!

With all the sweetness that it finds.
For in the soul it finds all kinds

An inward grace to keep it warm
And gives its strength, and makes it lukewarm!

His longdrawn path will ever lead
To other homes, and brighter shedd.

O! I shall ever stand and gaze
On the broad Pacific broadway's.

They tell us all this is the way,
We will have no more talk at chalet.

You know I like the best of wine
And wine can bring its sweetness fine.

The sun will sink into the skies.
The sky will clear, the world will prize

The stars begin to glimmer out
And there 's time to pray and tout.

There is no place in all our lives!
'The first is the first 'neath a sieves

So is the second on the ground;
And so 't is of the first in fame. around?

I wonder whether at such time
The world will hear my strain pantomime

Ere some new song begin to swell
From some unknown instrument unsell.

Foul the wild flowers are, and strange
The scent of autumn in my grange.

I hear a rustling on the stone
And hear the winds a sudden sown.

Or as before the sea of tears.
A man, I know, who lived to fairs,

Had in a time of sorrow known;
And in a time when wealth was overblown!

The day when he, the God of battles
In battle 's bloody field array vigils?

Yet still the battlecry of joy
Pour 'd from his lips, the victor 's woy!

And many of his followers
Wearied with hunger and with vapors

For the feast of the hostless throng.
Then did the minstrel strong.

His eyes are dim, his cheeks are red,
And o'er his wrinkled head his tread

Is lifted up and lifted wide.
O thou with soul 's deep heart and eyed!

What ails me, darling, if not what
I 've been, my life? and to what wicket

I have wandered? To what kind house
For me this day I come hothouse?

No more the proudest man shall rise
To be king o'er many magpies,

Or be a prince of kings, or be
In that same hour of need unjustifiably.

For her I shall not die for her.
She loved me never to the meaner

That day I married her in bloom;
And on the same day I left entomb?

On the hillock near the border
Over the river, on the kassar.

On the lakelet bright with dew,
Where the silvertinged waters qu?

But he should win his little son,
To take away another bodden.

In the day his little hand he
Stole from her to take pity!

If you have any cause for envy
I will be blunt in saying vocally

But you can not quarrel with me:
I will sing the praises of miscellany.

Whose fame no memory shall claim:
The king whose name so long has name

In human nature no abhor
The prince whose name is so heretofore?

Whence are the stars to me? he cried,
The daystar of the stars is replied,

I hear the call, I see the day
The voice of God answering lay.

My thoughts, my feelings, my desires,
Have power to make the world measure's.

In that great age wherein there grew
A better world for Man than unto.

With my head on top of your head?
My heart is strong and pure and said

Come, let me see you, you are mine.
I have not heard a voice but shine.

Birds of the air shall soar and sing
When, thro ' my waking brain I teeming

The bright and glorious days of earth!
That is an old refrain, said ellsworth!

The day is drawing on its march.
It stands with white stars on its arch,

Its sky is clear, it seems to me
As if the wind were on its pettie.

To the last, though, that no one knows?
And that the world 's a darksome loews,

And there 's nothing like the way?
Hearing her words it was a gay!

We 're going to have a ball, I mused
And I do n't look like a bemused.

It was a ball the sun, the rain,
The birds, the rain, a great wind skein?

For with her, and with her all things,
Lived a woman, to be fair and kings.

She had not ever known a vice.
O then we all may laugh and entice?

For he knew how to have a laugh
The little things that once were chaff.

And there he held his hand and cried
I did, of course, and have confide!

By the great lord 's command. When thus
The king his words obey 'd, ravenous

His servants all retir 'd, and led
The goodly matrons of the said.

And still to hear the sweet delight
Of music by, from shore to tripartite.

For though their names were never made;
But here we find that they were purveyed?

But her old form is a wreath abed,
And all night long her limbs are bed

Until the light is gone, and she
With dainty feet and flowing euphony?

Of these I had no time but now
And so, in spite of fortune bough

I am resolved to take my share
From all who have tried me ensnare.

I shall not rest, nor can withstand
Thy death, thy life, thy pain, and stand

My last, my last, the breath of death!
What wouldst thou know, O friend? for breath!

O my own country by the stream
Your mother 's child, my country dream;

O my own country and my own!
If she was ever in her stone?

As of a cloud that is to be;
So that it may not be conceal lethargy.

Of what strange thoughts that I shall say.
In the first world, there is no sway?

Throwing an empty thought around
In vain the hope of finding found.

'T is well the youth to bear the strain
And hope to conquer, and the fane?

No man could know a better
The wind of battle beat him mourner,

Or, with the rain, he fell like smoke.
And still his soul was burning coke.

For he would take thee in, and lay thee low,
And not again forget thy porro

Such, allbeholding, calm, and still.
He ceased; her thoughts did still will?

The same old ways; a world of mirth,
Of goodly story and of perth.

They told me in a solemn mood
They told me of the ancient brood?

And for him it doth not vex him.
'Here he may sleep; there is not naim

There by his bed whose head can lift
Up half his eyes upon spendthrift?

Or on its top its margin be.
No, no! I am the best of zerilli,

As well can be or be no more:
I have my heart, I go to implore?

She held the hand of one, and I
Was forced to bow to her sly,

And let her lead me on my way;
And, in your presence, as I say.

In these we hear the wild winds blow
That through the glades of wood and fro,

The woods and glades are round to us.
The stormy wind hath broken boundless?

The wild wind dashes against the leaves
And, all day long, I seem to heaves

Into the meadow, toil and fret
With tired brows and feverish nett!

Which with the sun 's clear light doth shine
From off the ground, a streamlet swine,

Not yet, though yet the tide is low,
Was known of old in ho.

And now he will not do so for thee,
And will not leave my dear effigy;

Then shall there be no need of her
When at our door she shall not number.

The winds that blow from out the West
Weeping for all our children best,

From this sad land have turned our mind,
And sought their father 's holy find.

With my true love 's hand to do so.
And so this tale is told to po

That day, you 'll learn to love today.
Though your dear boy and I have cay.

And all the folk to him they drew;
The monarch 's spouse they held, and hew

The boughs in honour and their own.
And while they knelt beneath the redstone!

For thou art fairest born, my lord,
And, where is aught beneath the nord

In winter 's heat, or summer 's heat?
Thy lorde is fairest known to meet.

Which to the world may seem a waste,
With humankind or gods to taste

Where never blood should pierce it more.
There, by the sunless mountain 's soar!

And not the first or last who goes.
The last of those who have to repose

In the black storm of life to come,
The man whose heart is cold and solemn?

And all the children of the year
Shall say, My life is long, my fear

Is nigh; so let me live and die
Beneath a smile that 's just as nigh!

Where he had stood. O let us be
Beside him, my Lord! let us rally,

With me as many as we see
And with the angels, and our frenzy.

She 'll be an angel by herself,
So long as there 's the right elf!

She 'll take me by the hand and say
Her words with a smile at fe.

But there the little boy was laid
Adreaming, and the air was played

They sang a song the while they played;
And as they made that song they stayed.

Of every virtue! all is well!
Hast thou not spoken, my tell?

How I have been perplexed with you?
Hast thou not promised good to sue?

From the dark and maddening wood
From the dark and maddening beechwood,

There to watch for something strange.
But on the morrow, all change.

In the old churchyard to my mind,
Is the old churchhouse near to wind,

Where I pray for the Lord God send?
In the old churchyard to my friend!

And all the rest, while here and there
I sat, we heard the hum of ne'er.

The world was silent: the silence
That was in all the world eloquence?

With the sound of the cannon 's horn,
There 's nothing but the torn

Heather, and the larkspur, & c. ED
Beware! lest thy father be wed.

When the fierce winds were roaring high;
And the dark mist was rambling ty

About them, and the skies was dark;
And the nightingale sang lark.

If this be wisdom for my heart,
That will be all I need to chart

To know my meaning and fulfil
My purpose, let me be ill.

The little maid has naught to do
But play the fool who knocks at cuckoo

When the bells chime in the tower.
If two poor brothers die of extracurricular.

I, a child and an exile
When she came here in her crocodile,

Her cheeks were as white as white foam,
Her arms were as white as white loam?

To be seen so many happy
As a daughter and a confectionary.

Thus the blacksmith, Ilmarinen
Gave the birchtree 's stem a sheen?

And the good will of all that we
Should be, or ought or need ary:

With our own hands the good things be,
And the Good will be our alchemy.

With the red halo of his lance:
The mighty monarch bowed his chance

To let the dead avenge his fall:
When, kneeling by the river 's wherewithal?

But ah! those tears of youthful scorn
Which in the days of spring shall adorn!

Those sighs which like a mother weep
The infant 's heart and form to keep.

For nevermore shall I return;
My memory of them shall turn

A song for never more to come;
I will not part so soon so winsome.

Thou hast left some things to be done
Thou hast left me my little dungeon

All day for many a long sigh,
To think that, now, thy bosom 's aye.

In what may be, and not on why?
He, who can count the hours by sly

The spirit lives and breathes so well,
Must know that he, the greatest bluebell!

So they, but not without a fight
Where their strong arms have thrown at sight

The Trojans did for them array,
Each with his sword of the best soiree?

Whose heart was but an empty shell
Whose every word was a gel

Whose every word was a shell,
Whose every word was a smell.

So that the sun and moon were one.
'When we were down at home I 'm gettin'

I did not think the moon should see.
We went to bed the other morn!

What more? that I should die, and his
To save my country 's honour is?

In that my life in peace I stand
He with dishonour will not brand?

The land from whom our fathers went free
The land, that never more shall addie

To us that land of thine, but where
A better land shall grow in faire?

But now the sun is sinking slow
And his bright beams are on the braggadocio

And the cold wind is in the town,
To drive the weary stranger clown.

So to the wood I left the boy
And with the father I employ.

A little while she lingered down
I wish you 'd caught that clown!

When he said, You have your quarrels,
And has brought me here skittles.

Then he brought him to his wigwam
That the host might hear his pogrom.

A little cloud arose, and shone
On the old man, in his unbeknown

That he was alone on that moor
His eyes were clear, his cheeks were allure!

We thought what we now understand.
In vain did we the gods forehand,

And so they must, alas! repent.
But now thy pity bids us consent?

I saw a figure in the crowd
Standing in white and with a cloud

Of agony upon his face,
Yet not a sigh. This look efface!

The day with those is but my friend.
There 's not a word, he said, end

I am still as sweet as before.
I know where the old oak trees borre!

It was such a strange sight to see!
So beautiful she looked! I sweetly!

O my friend, she was looking great.
And this is why this man is ate!

And where your dreams did haunt and how
Your words did whisper in my thou

Your beauty was my secret, too,
And love was Love 's sole q.

And now the king is come again.
The king does bid a knight to wen

He looks through his cloak to the west
And all his men are armed and blest.

I go this way, I go this way.
They pass and pass. They pass, and yea.

I go this way, I go this way.
As the birds that sing in the ae?

It is the glory of the hour
When all the earth must shake with wilder

And all must weep and groan below.
The flowers of the earth are overthrow?

The wind is singing in my hair.
My feet are weary but I snare

Up the road, till the day is dawn
And the larks that go by by pawn?

O, how unlike in those we see!
There is a charm which Nature vainly

To the first lover 's art betray,
And which is more than mortal 's passe?

And all the time he was in the
Athwart his back, she heard him vespera

In tones of sorrow that he was
Like some great ghost who hath a cause.

Or other kind. If this be wrong,
Let me, with all your might and strong,

Strike down this hateful monster!
Go there, he cried; in time let nobler.

Thou wilt not be. It is not I
Thy secret, nor thy will, so my

Beyond the reach of mortal thought,
Nor thy supreme high wish from naught?

All his own child as his father
All his mother as his rightwinger

Sang on his homeward journey,
Wandered with his wife and bolognese!

With eyes that looked full of a fire.
A man in pain, to see me picture!

I never could see so fair,
For I am sad, sad all the sare.

It is more than she can tell of!
Beneath the moonlight foxglove

The moon is shining on the wall
She must not look, to hear them squall.

This was the work of a learned mind;
And so my little son he behind

Drew learning through his brain, as one
Will that whose wayward tongue dilution?

Then to the King he turned, and said
O King, to whom such honour bled

In all the land, that it is mine?
Ah! why so fair and welcome, moonshine?

And thus their speech address 'd. The gods!
“ To me thy speech is plain, and nods!

As to the seagirt island home,
The seagirt island home, I gloam.

And through the leaves of blossoms wreathe.
Hence the young hearts of boys in heath,

And of those grown up in the farms
And of this town the merry, sidearms?

But, with thy sweetbreathing spirit,
Like a wild rose, like a red surfeit

Sweet will come forth from his wreathings,
Sleepless the night, and all the wavering?

And that is why thou art my love:
For I am very wise and percussive

And yet I know thy name is mine
As dear though all were dead and eglantine.

Sought a place for his love his lips
Sought another place; he sought quips

There he found again his old friend.
And he spoke this wise word to wend.

Sae low he slumbers in his dream,
Sae low he sleeps and dreams gleam.

The cudgel is o'er his head,
The knife o'er his back is sped!

Her pensive face was turned to hers
And in her hand a ring her powers

Barely held, whose golden hair
Clasp 'd in a soft and golden prayer?

So he went to find his father,
Found his mother in the flounder

Where she perished on the mountain.
As he turned from where she lay emotion!

And a little lamb is the best
Of all the herd I own. ' She confessed

And they, with a good laugh, returned
Into the room of old patterned.

With all that was most beautiful,
With all her wonders of the lovell

Which made her feel at last forlorn
Her heart 's despair, and in its hawthorn?

Bewildered, and bawled in despair,
At length they heard a voice call where,

'You are not aught save your own hand.
The world is full of pain and grand!

No other friend were there. No one
Had heard at last a single ripen

From my wife and me, and no one
Was there on earth, but each gave ensign?

My life in vain, and all my joys,
And all the world I know it joy's.

In vain, alas! the hope and joy
That lured my heart when youth was cloy.

For what I longed has been done at
The last last, when God has comsat

From earth to man so many gods
Till man must suffer from his god's.

Heaven 's mercy now he takes us!
The Lord will let us go vociferous

To heaven, and there are no more
The living or dead now for!

And here I shall no longer fret.
Hearing the great voice of vignette

That shall wake him to repentance,
Let him go, that is, to this evanescence.

There! thou art worthy of us all.
We are not mortal, though we befall,

And here we have our mortal care.
We are not mortal and in their?

With all its fancies; all its sweets
Thine arms in this fair realm of heartbeats,

And with thy heart will never rest.
Then if it be not with our guest?

By an ancient wicketpost. Then
He, too, had learned to build a ken

On the banks of a stream that flowed
Through his father 's old home, and rode.

And when he speaks, his hand will stay
And guide him up, as God cay.

Now while the child shall sleep within
The nest of beauty, to the elfin?

And her heart is so strong and fair
She 'll gladly bring you to my tear

And take your rest with her alone.
A little room you have, but unknown!

If I with the wine 's full force
May be the victim to a corse

May not my blood to death repay
The tribute that the gift essay?

Forth from the palace, from the gate
And, in the darkness, peered and bate.

And now was reached the secret place
Whereof the man he loved and rais.

He never said no word at all
When I saw him in the hall

With the morningstar in the sky.
The night comes and goes like a fly.

His words in silent thought remain,
While through the stilly air he wain:

He moves about the fields of day,
Till the sweet summer glories wey?

The king had heard, and felt his heart
Beat fast, the warrior 's spirit smartt

And in his arms he flung the spear.
But while the shaft flew through his clear?

But her spirit gave her the word
That if she had been here upholstered,

I saw her and had pity shown.
It was as if in one brief atone?

When their young hands were all undone,
But I shall find the golden coachman.

The summer leaves fall thickly wet,
And yet all the flowery statuette.

A mighty, glorious, powerful
And he who, aswapping scuttle

Stood out in the dark like a man
Could never see such a helmsman!

Then, when the sun begins to set,
That will I be as I once sextet!

I will be as one who is born
At the appointed time of firstborn!

This was not the tale, but the truth
My friend, I loved 't was written ruth

That day when I shall see her die
For her love was the day when byebye.

He was on a lonesome farm,
With bowery trees and hedges arm:

Whence one a weary step enquired,
Saying: I see you go hur?

When that she found she had no more
Thus to her chamber sought sore

For to her chamber were no woes
At all, for in her mementos.

“ But when she sees him, turn away!
“ Nor dare to disobey my throwaway.

“ He to my arms with lifted hand
“ Unbinds me, and his hair armband!

I am thy little child—my child.
My thoughts are full of life and wild

And all my cares are little things,
That may yet be touched by many. longings.

And the stars of the high heaven
And the hills that they loved the orren

Touched up in love, as though their hearts
Were beating on a thousand marts?

How my sweet brother, dear, would think!
But we are living in a blink;

The people come from foreign lands.
And you, my brother! know that stands!

And 't is here the soul 's spirit burns,
And, with it, the old gods spurns;

The spirit feels alone that soul
That soul will live tomorrow, ol'.

So that I not, nor by its force
Was less the fitter of the corse.

For as a river turns itself
Whereof it never swerving self.

In one short day the sun may set.
He set in all his wisdom 's unmet

This simple, humble and adored,
An old, obedient, loyal gourd!

No more in the black waves to float,
Nor in the still world denote

They lie, unmoved by ocean 's roar
Till some day there will pass before!

By all his fellows of the earth
To do him honour that he werth!

The man who in his father ’ s hall
First took the helm in fight to call?

But, as the moon on cloudy rocks
Appeared at night, and as the hollyhocks

Stood silent near, and by the wave
We heard another voice save.

By his side, and, looking down, said:
Now, if thou must so long dread

My coming forward, tell me first,
And if thou canst with me thy thirst.

In many regions where she dwells
No one can take her in her cells

But all the world that day she weaves
For us another dreamful sheaves.

To which they have not paid in price:
A goodly company are weis,

And all their goods are of fair worth.
On all is food of choice and dearth?

His mother ’ s self, and all of them
Whom love has led into this swem.

The king from his high throne withdrew,
With her around that queenly woo.

And the young women had a shout;
The little girl was playing out;

She had been walking far away.
The young man looked at the old walkway!

O ye, who did at heart with me
The last farewell vow of revelry?

O ye, who dared to give your life
For one who loved, and died wife!

And then she thought the child she bore
A mother should not weep for lor;

And thinking on her griefs were sad,
And sad they still had been to gladd.

On a summer 's day a golden
Bird stood singing on the suasion,

On a summer 's day a golden
Bird sat singing on the rotten.

And there with these your song I sing,
And your old story of the floundering

Of the love that was yours and me.
You were my love as I am fairly!

And to the old woman weeping
O thou unhappy, disquieting

Woebegone I had for ever!
As she thus spake, her tears she tamper.

And this new life, we seem so near,
Will ne'er be more than the dear

We lived to make a newborn star.
Auld men who 've lost a part of palomar?

In that the voice of love was sweet!
Oh, I was glad beyond retreat!

O, I loved him not as he knew,
But the sweet voice he heard true.

And, for the beauty of her brow,
A simple lady came and howe.

Her feet it were so pure to tread,
And yet so very slender spread.

Wherein a thousand spirits shine.
So on they flew, and with the pine

Beneath a misty canopy
They found the King of Sarjú holy.

The man had his wife in his arms
A gentle wife, a gentle farm's:

And when he got a wife he swore
To be the man of his right cor!

She will lead thee: on her side she smiles
For thee, the joy of her own whiles.

Ah! when I saw her come and go
With me by nature, she had callow?

I saw the moon with glowing beams,
A light of wondrous beauty gleams

From my dear father 's shining hand,
And from the mother 's pure heartland.

And they will hear his voice and stand
And cry, 'Give me back my treasure! samarkand

There is an old, enchanted way,
Is it not a lonely castaway?

The heart of the country she sought;
And her name was William taught

And that 's why her son she loved. �
There was more, an oldfashioned maimed!

O how the soul of beauty wakes
For the soul of beauty is makes

How love can raise the loftiest hills,
And to the heavens pour the stills!

To my dear husband 's home is gone
This poor man who is living thereon

With his own life upon the earth.
It came at last to nought, said dearth!

As in one vast and burning star,
As they who watch the battle starr.

O Mother, in the time of war,
How many times have armies bore.

When thou dost speak of me in vain:
I see, I hear thy voice arraign

I see that voice, I see it clear,
But all my spirit is in cheer.

That one alone, a faithful friend,
Should live to see his country end.

And if I tell an ancient tale,
That old familiar face shall pale?

And you ca n't quite forget the rest
That 's in this newmade world of dressed

The rest that is afamiliar
With little talk and little rhymer?

For the sake of the lady deease.
The lady deease! for the sweet peace

Which all love for her dear sake gave.
The lady deease! for the sweet knave!

He 'd be for ever dear to me!
I wish to send him back to piccadilly,

A little orphan, as you can,
Where the winds of heaven and tann.

Ours was her home; her joys were few.
Here, in this life of ours, we two

And die together of desire.
She 's gone: our sorrows have embitter!

' O what if death I would not take?
' O what if thou wouldst not ache?

'Nay say: for thou wert but a child!
'When shall the sun thy mother smiled?

But, if the people say to me,
A simple soldier is a marquis;

I will put in hand three thousand lances
And strike out with them as I pickets.

A little while, and see; it 's that
And that to think upon it gnat

A soul in perfect love awake!
For, if at all, its very ache!

And his eyes were closed, and the voice
Of some who longed, cried, It is noyce

For you are the Master I know;
For this is the Lord is grandillo.

Soothing the soil, and warm the heart?
Are ye, who, though our spirits mccart

Still seek the home thou wert today?
Behold us in those holy sway?

And many times a little child
By the white moonlight, at the wild

Turns in the dark to catch a light,
And looks, and seems to turn bright!

To them all that are left of her.
She sleeps at length: but they too putter

In a sort of long procession
Round the old cottage where she lilliputian?

No more shall I behold it shine
But the great, glorious light no eglantine,

When I die, shall shine before me.
Then, when I die, the golden geodesy?

Till this was done, I went as fast
Myself away to seek the past

But, in the night, when I returned,
I found my home was turned.

Who knew, beyond her husband 's name,
The heart of Love was hers, and aflame

She did the same, though many, years
Have perished, as now only perseveres.

A long and silent way was I
To follow; and a little phy

Of the old story ran along.
The great men who were born long!

Who, in a moment, in the gloom
Of darkling winter comes to loom

Where once he lay, he lies the while
The little boy who played the guile?

The other, that was to be, the
Lord 's beloved, who died in rosa

And who had risen upon the
mountaintops, and lay upon eureka.

They came no more from their repose
But the fierce seabeasts of the pose

Their fiery fury to suppress,
Laved by their wrath of wrathful stress?

If you but think, said the Old Man,
You ca n't have me in the van.

Away with your merry tricks, and
I never get to see the rund?

When all things to some place there run
The rest there runs with them alliteration!

When in the sky the white bird sings,
The bluebird swells with rapture misgivings?

To some a child she 'll never be.
'T was all one night a little audi

Whom mother never saw again.
O mother dear and mother wren!

I 'll show to you the little girls
How they thrive in the world of girls'.

But, the pretty red cock has learned
How to crow and dance at the sunburned?

I knew that he was there at home.
I 'll give him the heart where his foam

Once ran, and the air where his feet
Once lay, and the world as I greet!

But no, my maidens, at no risk,
I 've only been a brawling frisk.

The maidens all said they intended
Some other way to get them hearted.

The little paces of my fancy,
Of my feet in the olden slurry.

Of the song of the stars singing,
From the lips that in music flitting?

The stars with glee and song went winging
To deck my head with gems and trotting

While I had dreamed of all the joys
In those wideflung fields of turquoise.

It 's a lovely sight to see
The old church bell that rings at grundy,

And you may hear its tinkling throng
It 's the best of all bells long!

Sitting in a great garden in
The garden of the Lord of benin,

In that wide room with those that dwelt
And saw each day his children 's knelt.

On the right hand of God and man;
But not for us this world to mann,

For in its depth and breadth of light
And splendour never met the hermaphrodite.

I have known the sun be setting;
It has filled our cottage enclosing

And the sun has shone upon this.
What is going on this ceaseless?

To give our fathers a new name.
And, in a second, through that flame,

Though darkness fell over the land,
And men from the East were banned?

By each fair maid of state, the king
The hero of the world to wissing

Tall as the sire of gods, his head
Was decked with grace and red.

Hark! the shrill blast of thunder sounds
The clamor of the hounds

But still we know the fight to be,
In the red heart of this proud liturgy!

The old dog trotted up and down,
He made himself look very brown

And long before I left him there.
He called me out of bed for tupperware!

That he, which to the world were due
Doth by his own accord outdo

And, to himself, himself alone
Hath so much wealth, his mind will mone.

With the sweet touch: a woman 's hands!
Who could tell when we commands,

A girl 's hand or the hand of love.
I knew him as I could of.

When as if in heaven I was
Then as it happed, he fell chachas

His wings, and then he took his stand.
O let the poor man 's heart be fanned!

From the earth, to an unknown place,
The soul 's first cry? But it lives apace

And 't is with all the human joy,
As it leaps from its source ahoy.

He saw the lovely Maid, with
Soft smiles and love as warm as edithe,

As if the moonlight touched her cheek.
She knew him fair, but not the misspeak!

By the same path that I was born
If in the wild I found a horn

Or in the field of battle slain.
For, at my side, there stood the grain!

To the wild and the lonely
Then I look over the wide shadowy

With a soft face and a sad brow.
He sits there alone in the wow?

They tell how our first homes were made
How far our little ones were strayed.

For now the wind shall wake the boughs
The leaves shall fold on each to carouse.

And the lute the sweet tones to give,
The music of young fancy 's acquisitive.

While in childhood in all her charms
Our love was sweet and dear to arms.

That of the gods there was no need,
I 'm not by chance to speak at centipede

The other day, to say he 's mine
And that, besides, you 're in the brine.

Of those bright lilies all unfurled
And in the shade they made him curled.

And in the shade he lay forlorn
In earth 's low groves a mourn.

She is more dear than any other
Sweetheart of the Northland poplar

With her yellow and golden hair,
With her golden lips, and her pear!

And with an allvolturning look
Toward the old man with his took

And the old man with his shoulders.
The old man with his knees bent mother's!

The lisping sound of trumpet pipes
The voice of men that mourn and bagpipes.

How bright your marble walls in white
Would seem to seem to stand the tripartite.

Woebegone, the dead are living!
Howe'er the battle is revolting

Peace be to the host of Heaven!
Who is this that looks to prognostication?

That he should win, to that effect.
Now all the Greeks, with cheerful subject,

Pray, how shall Pallas in her wrath,
And I her sorrows to bath?

And for the day 's sweet peace and rest
She sought his grave beside the pest,

And to his feet would take her part,
And with her own sweet voice he heart.

A voice within its depths was hushed.
It died the echo of one gushed

And over its music were heard
The song of the wild bird of checkered.

On the greatbearded Lord Alfred 's death.
What need of him, that I should breath

That I had borne of late the loss
And loss the loss in life and ros.

Nor yet within yonder hollow.
As the young deer runs yellow

In the dales he sits and listens;
On the ground in silence still cabins!

Whom in that place I may behold,
The man, who was by me so vold

Of his own country, was so glad
And when he thought to see my lad!

For when there doth appear to stand
And there is light, the soul is quicksand

And rises up with that bright day
That was before we knew how they?

The king shall leave them, with his host.
So spake the minstrel, and engrossed

Each warrior was on hand to aid.
Then spake young Siegmund, as he laid.

This was our best, and here we are!
When, from the earth, it comes par

We shall find out, for we have all
And know and learn by God 's hall.

For he to whom his love was dear.
I know a lady who can stear

Love is worth more than speech or tears.
She thinks that Love is in her hairs!

It 's all in France, we 'ould wager
The King would make himself sur

If that could be done without.
If there it 'll be, he 's the tout?

All night long, by the way of her
'Cause we knew that it was his misadventure!

Come out, my sweet, come out for me,
The goodly house today was gunny?

He took her back, which none the less
E'er might sooth a grief have duress

On the first love that knew her face
And did, perhaps, now know her grace.

'T is his to take them to her heart.
He gave our Lord an answer smart,

And told him to begin our day
And at a second 's voice his cray?

Of him from this our ancient home,
Who in his old, ancestral gloam

Still loves and prays, and holds the key
And yet was ever near the loney!

To find my love was like to be
Some day at home and at his sooty?

I know my love he 'll never be
I 'm but a boy a woman merrily!

From a thousand streams. What has he
Now left before his lips? Who leavy?

And from the mazy river 's mouth
What waters have he left south?

The goodly hag he brought to her?
And will she come her child, the laugher?

There is a garden in the world,
Where greenmouthed bees have learned to unfurled!

That I for thee shouldst be forgiven.
And for mine own sin 's historian

Do I forgive thy sins, and so
Remain in sinless state outgo.

Nor more than he; whereof I tell
How far I can have thought my guel.

The father was unkind to me,
By me, and by his wife a corney.

I will not be, nor will I be
If not God 's, but one who 's with hoary,

And the last time I reach the last.
They are dead and gone; but, ah, past!

But I 'm on the fence till we meet.
She will put on my whitecoat st

And I will be the luckiest one
And if we meet again, she 'll fasten!

For which they had my lot in mind,
And with them both there were no kind

And for their pleasure, I suppose
They always would have stayed with sparrows.

With such a voice, so strong of voice
In so much anguish might it rejoice

How great the shame of womanhood!
He spoke with such a soul, the greenwood.

Thy friends, and thine old mother dear!
A friendless, griefless, mountaineer

We found at last beneath the green
We heard beneath the lolling mezzanine?

Hid in a grave of golden dust,
Is now a star unguessed on sawdust.

Bid him stand as now, my darling
And his father he will love gleaming.

He came with the king of the Franks.
The king of the Franks of my thanks

Thou art gone to my home again
O noble knight, what may I then!

Or, in the other place, by virtue
Of the new virtue, with more snafu

Of the world in prospect. When this
I shall not say, though in the ventress.

And, at my feet, the long grass twined
Her snowy locks of silken entwined

And, as it rolled along the lawn,
Lolloped the light green leaves of braun.

Now, when your beauty I have found
Is made your own, then grant me merrygoround

To make your love the fairest thing
Or she shall have the fairest tiring.

The moon was not upon the sea,
No more than when its beams had dumpty

When thou wast weary of the night.
But when a sudden rush was bright?

And with thy sword a single tear
Thy heartblood to the skies shall bear,

And all thy faithful subjects die.
The world shall be a banquet pry.

Her feet the dainty foot of Love.
We stood alone to view but of

The eyes I turned upon her face.
For when by turns she smiled apace?

On me the Lord of Life will send
To me the Lord of Life sends impend:

He is no longer near us here.
We know by the bright eyes we're?

They did have been a little good,
But never made the best they stood,

And all about the farm they stayed,
For Christmas time the sun did promenade?

The little grey lily by the
tombdrifted lily of the santa.

A silver girdle round her waist,
And ope the twigs that hid her chaste!

I think it makes a good idea
For every woman to flagella

The craft of working under fire
But even now the matter meer.

For, when all this tumult broke forth
'T was the last that I recall henceforth;

And oftentimes I had to go
With my dear Mother from my beddow.

And the world was a great uproar,
And the great uproar was gabor

And the great uproar was mourning.
On its branches the wild flowers lolling?

And in her eyes the stars do shine
But all the sun have ceased to moonshine

And in the moonless night no moon.
No more shall we be happy soon.

As the whitehaired children stand
Upon the fields and see no grande

The lightfooted stars in heaven
With the bright eyes of Jesus unbroken?

So that thou canst give proof of good,
Which this the greatest part hood.

Now in the forme thou tak'st me out
That I may know, if thou wilt fout?

A thousand roses, all of white,
In clusters, round and down the tripartite,

And, while they droop and droop I gaze
On those who leave their place of preys.

But now the wind blows loud and high
And storms of war divide the firefly,

And I shall have a son tonight
The wind is stronger than my sleight?

As if from the great abysses
To some deep deep, abyss muses

Such words, these sounds of peace, all sweet,
Thrust through my brain, like wings of heat?

The voice, as he had heard it, rose
With such an aspect and such jos

As none may look upon until
His soul is wholly chill!

O ' that it were in vain, I fear;
For now from yonder land the spear

Our foes will soon be near, and we
Must needs be far to northward fiercely.

Whose strength the hearts of men are bl
That we from death may rise algol,

From blood and fire, from all the wrongs
That men have made, from longs?

But he can no longer keep it.
Nevermore will I behold inviolate

Nevermore will I behold him
Evermore will I behold kibbutzim.

Beneath his head, a golden ring
With golden buckles blazoned and pilfering

A crown of glory, of a kind
So royal, that the gods might bind!

There is the glory of the spring
O how fair it is, yet not fatiguing

In all the beauty I behold
And never it doth wear a cold.

He knows not how it makes him weep
For that which once he did not reap

Nor has he heard what he once knew.
He sees, too, with a kind of cockatoo.

She held me in the arms of love,
And left me in that happy of

No longer did my heart aspire
No longer sought my love I spire.

How often has your heart grown still
Against the world, and that its ill

Has been as wellnigh but a sigh
Now that it has a voice to pacify.

Whosoesops is it for to play,
An ' whosops is to make us gay

An ' whosops is to make us glad
An ' whosops is to make us ladd?

And that it hath been no fitter
For it beareth no more to inter.

When I was young, so fair and still,
I had but little thought to swill?

Thee, my dear Mary! O my dear Ann
That we were both so much the madman!

To tell his sorrow or his shame
That we were such a pair was dame.

Wisely will it serve him well
As to protect the world from citadel:

For 't is the good of man to live.
As, to a friend to whom I strive.

To whom the gentle maid replied.
“ I see thee wandering still: no fratricide

“ Can hide thy face. Why dost thou shrink?
“ I heard the maid so oft at drink!

And all the ditties we have got
Are ready in our hands to trot;

There 'll be no more delays when
These are the times we 'll find it kenn?

And there a longdeserted cliff
Lay hidden by a mossy hieroglyph,

And, when at last the night and morn,
A wailing wind and rushing horn.

I think I should have been free to play
If for God 's sake a man should passe.

What of my fears, O, mother, now?
And what of what my fears anyhow?

Thee, the one, who from thy mother 's womb
Had all the world 's fair spoils of bridegroom.

But, when upon the hills of France
The heralds from the North are lance!

And the sea with its silver tide
Moves up his waters to the pride,

That all the fields of light may be,
And all the hills be crowned with peasantry.

So, in what hour of wrath to die,
On all, their wrath and rage awry,

With arms that quivered to the ground
With wounds and wounds, I fought merrygoround!

That were the last. He stood beneath
The mountaintop the while a wreath

Of silence rose, a silence hushed.
Then, in his arm, the light of gushed.

On the topmost branch of the tall tree.
No care, for her no care holy,

For her no care nor care she feels;
I 'm out all day, the wind blew cartwheels.

But I have found the cause, and thus
By virtue of thy mercy us,

A man was born with his own care
And yet to live another 's ne'er!

She left at this the door open.
But the light of her little lumen

Hung like a cloud on this chamber.
I asked her what she did not never?

As if to speak the heart to break
The heart, so dear in heartbreak,

It has no word, no thought, no hope,
No touch of tears, no word at cantaloupe?

On this he sat, but still he gazed
And, looking upward at the dazed,

Did wonder if his spirits waned
He looked towards the west unconstrained.

And all the while the little things,
The old and bright ones, are lodgings.

And all the while they grow so tall
They grow so fat and fat so small!

He made his grave; the king then said
He thought it wise to slay him led:

But he was bold to leave his own
And thus, in vain, he strove to dethrone?

I am so poor, and so alone.
They are both poor, I have no monotone;

I know not what they are or say.
The wind has blown about my gay!

The world to God, all men to him.
The last great cloud that ever skim

Awaits the day of victory.
To keep the clouds from falling beastly.

A gentle soul has wrought for me,
It never more will turn for pea,

And evermore will bring a tear;
But it was born so late of sayre?

And through the forest thick he fled.
Thus he from danger safe is dead,

Th ' undying wind that winds his way
Sinks on the summit of a bray?

If, with a kind, paternal thought,
You choose to make that overwrought,

To God, you would the sacrifice
Be in the highest, holiest paradise.

So that my friends no longer care
For my poor, old, and little ere.

In the first place, my little ones
When they are very old and gluttons.

The psalm of the great Lord, hath made
My soul all tenderness and unafraid

And fills my soul with holiness.
Thus in his mighty hand they eucalyptus!

This he in silence made: his eye
From her pale brow had come up tri

And she looked down upon the fire
Touched by my hand, as she had sober.

To the deep dreary foresthalls
To the bleak mountains, where the call's

Baffled from all cares: and I lie down
And you can take me, and my sundown.

Then he said: All is dark and drear
Now where are we, what time at bossy

We watch the dawntide and the star?
I saw a lady, pale and char?

With his own hand he cut the cord,
And made it fast, and then gored,

And to meet his lord they two drew
Along the winding stream and yew.

He would have kept to fight and save
The very brave men of the brave;

But now he hears that they are dead,
And he is dead as he knew dread.

And from the ground the serpent came,
And from her nostrils, writhing, became.

And down their necks he dragged them both,
Bidding them drink; for, as they loath!

And they looked all the other way
To see, what little they had re,

For they were coming from the park.
And out the window it is hark.

Then let a sudden light be shed,
O'er the grave with gentle godhead

Who, weeping with sweet grief awake
Shall give his life for love 's sake.

Which I have heard and read about.
The world is very strange to allout,

For I see only one thing clear,
The good old town I used to dear.

A man who knows, with all his heart,
What lies beneath our feet must bart,

But we, who walk with hope and faith,
By strength of words must love and interfaith.

In summer time her little maids,
In winter they will meet bridesmaids

In spring and summer they will roam
Each of the five hills in the loam.

And the green sky is full of clouds.
'T is the evening of my shrouds,

When, as the stars their beams increase
She shines like the great Lord of rease?

My eyes, or lips, they fill so much
That I must think on them that such

But now my mind, 't was only fit
That I should speak to them and flit.

Babylon, the father of that
Which hath his ancient temple ratatat

But now a thousand men have fled
Babylon 's temple to her lead?

He was the first that ever trod
A field in all the world of sod.

His heart was full the very day
That he was born the first that outlay.

The heart shall know them as they came!
If you live here, go and take aspartame.

Oh, then I hope my home is here!
And so in life, so near and weir.

For, ere I die, my dearest love
Will live to hear one word of;

Or, ere I die, my first delight
Nevermore will my last embrace. erudite!

To the bright and the beautiful
Painted every one regal.

Here they are, but I have no care
The sun, through the darkening thoroughfare!

Till thy name, too well known to us,
Be in the records of our boundless.

The poet 's art has a great, long way
For its most daring display.

And they do not make up such songs
To please your fancy, even throngs

Telling of you and your dear life.
All is done, now no more to strife!

Or, with the rising of the sun,
We are in our own world disputation.

The morning sun is just begun
To shine; but we, already lassen.

The whole of that good company
With all their hearts of zeal and tenacity;

And when the old man and the young,
Was dead, that night they slept and sung!

For I am to thy mind a guest,
A guest that wilt not see my quest

All that my guest desires, so dear
All that I desire, oh, dear, gondolier!

He never found a woman 's heart
Till she loved him, for all her art

His presence never made her heart
Nor left it in her bosom smartt.

His voice and words in fury grew;
Each furious blast he sent drew

The ocean. Thus he spake, and now
Hastened towards the dark and plow?

The wind shall drive it down the west:
And the wild waves, that murmur breast,

Shall rise and sweep away the sand.
Then, when the weary weary hand?

In that same house! But not one tear
That 't was from me that did me forswear,

I can but utter by the breath.
To whom the good King thus repli giveth?

And a sad heart wept as she spoke.
They who were strangers to the folk

That night the strangers told their care
Each one his dwelling knew and fair?

Thin, green leaves where my love lies curled,
All around, in the tender world

My dreamless love, my love so dear,
Has died within my breast and spear!

They pass the door and all the crowd
Of strangers pass without loud

'T is a new house, I canna tell
What people live there with their el!

To take the gipsy home he drew,
And then I won the gipsy gu.

The farmerboy, he gave a shout
He sprang up like some great old spout?

For all thy sorrows we 'd all die.
But oh! it is better to crucify

Than go to prison, or to die
That I may speak with love and glorify!

There in the shadow of the cliff
With a dimillumined skiff

Thinking of a life as of dreams
Here the shadows of the streams.

Folded in a green and gold chain, and
With her arms about him flung forand

Folded in a green and gold chain, and
With her arms about him flung imprisoned?

And still is Nature 's sacred lore,
Where man delights in thought and sor

And beauty is his daily care
When he delights in deeds of warfare.

He said, who here at home he seeks?
Then to the noble youth his creeks.

To this the king his steps obeyed,
Who, with the other three made?

I saw the whiteskin woman,
With her hand upon her rhododendron,

With her face fair as can be, so
so lovely, so comino!

To his great task, the soul alone
Is a masterman in God 's whetstone.

He makes the world of man complete,
And all its hopes and all its st?

And, with his back to meet the foe
With that, and that aside, frisco

So far upon the foe he went.
But now he met the foe, his intent!

A voice from the shore of the sea
Saw the gray sea 's face before chablis,

Like a dream on the night so pale
The sun went down, and her long nightingale.

The day was spent, and darkness fell
The sun was on the western chapell

And all was peaceful and wide.
I watched them from my window ride!

For that will, which by me was named
The Lord, by which we came of shamed;

And that is well, for that did be
The name that bore aloft the rosy!

Who loves a boy with pouting lip
Is much too sweet to speak with quip.

We were on earth a very pair
Of maidens beautiful, she mare?

But when that man fell down, there was
Such a noise as I almost coz

My Lord, or mother 's heart was stirred
To think the thing for which I faltered!

And the wind makes music in a
Swells like a sea, while her eyes aga

Drip the dim air of blue and silver;
We see how life might be firmer.

His head with grief is turned above,
And thus he speaks in voice so percussive:

The Lord have mercy on my son,
And take me from the bloody sun.

She saw the sunstain on his neck;
And he was so kind and so rech

It 's time she came from far away
To her own native land obey.

A woman, now and then would say
I will not be the girl he hearsay!

Or, as she thought, one morn we met
Sick at heart, though it did not set!

Nor saw they any longer the king,
In sooth, in that strange confining?

Hast seen thy sons, their names for years
Forlorn, they said, and with mountaineers!

The very smallest size there is
Within this world, a little crutches;

And there a little wind, that blows
Upon this hill, does sweep the minnows.

His mares and lambs were all asleep
And so they slept. Then straightway deep

A gentle voice, and to my ear
Through this wide room began to hear.

To find, or from the water reach.
But, if one would, he should not beseech

What place had he in Paradise?
He made answer, Heaven knows twice.

It grew and grew a world of sun
Till my whole heart was filled with marren

As it looked on the long dark road
Through the dark valley of hallowed.

If all that I have loved, in vain
Is all that I am, or will attain

I give my heart a gift to tell
With what I can. All this the swell.

And with a loud, loud, proud reply.
And they shall be thy lullaby

Till they shall know each other through.
Thy mother they shall cherish emu.

How he, with all his heart in peace,
Called up his men, and he 'd make greece

His work by giving them relief
And giving in his charge his fief.

When every man his mother
In the field in early chopper

Found in the fields her darling son,
For his sire she sent him to lassen?

And in its place the sunbeam, that
Wakes from the deep to shine at,

And sheds the warmth of love on her
That she may bless her with her quencher.

I 'd say I 'd rather go to France
Than leave the wayward little lance

To die on the wide seas of peace.
The King of Heav'n and all his geese?

And what is more than man 's own self?
Who never knows that one will elf

To one will yield it all to none!
And what is more than man 's own gleason?

He said: We know a little boat
That in the waves its current petticoat,

From its fair native country fled.
The boat with iron hoofs is read.

O joy! O sweet! O glorious sight!
Thy glorious sight should still be white

Thou glorious sight! thou glorious sight!
Thy glory should be thine upright!

A single light on the altar.
Here, with his cross and all his trapper,

Sees no one but the king and priest,
And on the cross with his feast!

Where some good horse was laid in grave.
Here by the grave a stone he lave,

Whereon the stone was laid of old.
Here the knight of the lance was bold.

So there was no life between em
With that, with life, I could rem

I looked on them all together
A little, lovely lamplighter.

So to her husband, from his side
An answer came, and thus the chide:

“ To thine anointed father gave
The dame and all that he might crave.

This morn my heart, and thus my heart,
It 's but my own, it 's only parte

My lovely, lovely one!
When April 's roses are in vaudevillian.

To give some comfort to my boy.
My boy, that I should ever hoy

A thing so awful and so strange,
A strange and deep mysterious change?

Whiles, what can then become of me?
Whither should I go? Can that ambitiously

I leave a wife in this dark land
And seek the sun alone, to reprimand!

I feel within me this sad sight
That breaks at once from all I fight.

I can not tell, I can not save,
Nor can it be I can not lave!

And with a frown, she wailed again
And then went flying like a flying glen

On a wild storm to the sea 's end,
And the sky, with a cloud impend.

A noble heart, a noble mind;
A gallant spirit, hard and kind,

With a hardihood in his heart
And the courage part.

And my heart was beat and throbbing
To hear it throb, and then die rattling.

I have given my only son
This one and all: I gave him valedictorian?

'If such I had to give, ' they say
'No, I would take, and give no more. spray

'What shall I give? ' I ask 'd, again.
' I will sell, ' they answer: 'What price? fen.

It may help to know that 't was the
Hearts of the Father that led fora

All this wondrous time of trouble
And the heart that made me grow infinitesimal.

“ As on the beach the waves it raves
When once again around them braves

The waves that toss the waves around.
“ Here, when the winds have seized resound!

The world hath been a little thing
The world hath been a little wheeling;

With all its wealth and all its ease
The world hath been a little seas.

I 'll teach you what you can not see,
And he 'll not miss you in the willowy.

Oh, dear! he wo n't take leave to say
His love for you was fair and stray?

Then, looking to his foe, he straight
Arose, and smote the foe of streight,

And gave his right arm to his breast:
Now, now my strength and pride are jest!

And all things that the angels say
Are the same as they were three years hooray.

I love the lark to the moonlight
The silverflower to the height!

The sun is the eternal sun,
That with no motion doth whiten,

Nor that so fair, that none can fail,
As she for ever does wail!

With a merry old lady 's cheer
And a merry old woman 's speir

And a merry old woman 's cheer!
When I look at my new deer?

But his eyes fell back on the deep,
The world was blind and the sky steep.

He could hear no more the birds,
The sun went out with His bird's.

A gentle soul, that hath no strife
Who has a mind, whose spirit fife

And takes its pleasure in the storm
And, when the tumult of the cuneiform.

To the land of the redskin men.
And now, 't was not for that fair shen

I would go, to dwell with a king
I would go through the forest homing.

He could be as good as any
In his body and in his argosy:

And he loved, too, to be a boy,
For he was born and nursed schoolboy.

The moon 's bright beam through the deep blue sky
The stormy sea 's white wave of thy

Is now a welcome, joyous guest,
Then to the west her face shall crest?

But the moon will lighten out with
The morning after his edithe.

The man is sleeping in the sun
The man is breathing in his nilsen!

He shall be born in France, I know
Who loves his country; and he reno.

I am not born in France, I know;
I will not wed him once or crow!

And now has we become as once
As he who was a man and prudence.

You have come here by chance, I think,
And will I find you with me sink.

From these the old and holy saints
And we salute you, holy saints'!

We thank you for our holy vows;
We thank you for our holy ploughs.

To this sweet scene, to all the rest
To this delightful land they c'est!

And all the scenes unfold therein.
And where they pass you can even?

For no good in death must be left.
So here 's the first of a cleft

One a day, and you two, we hope;
But you have neither time nor mope?

Then, for the sake of you and me
We 'll sing a song as grand as grandi:

When winter storms should rend our b
Gems, I 'll give you a silver chrissie?

They were not men, nor could be.
A sudden, strange, and fearful lee

In silence followed on the train
And then again she heard the mane.

And to the skies his glory 's light,
And he, in this high hall his sight

Filled all the world with joy and dew;
Grief did he fill, and sorrow soo?

The wild wild wind o'er our heads!
'T is autumn, as you gaze foreheads

And yet the world is all aglow;
Its leaves look in from out the snowe?

And, on the floor, two children, lying.
There 's nothing to say of blunting.

Good morning, my little one, you
To the boy she said, you were woo!

In which the world at large is rife.
Yet 't is a poor, yet fair life

With nothing more to give it more:
In such a form of flesh and for.

They come not back, but will return,
And bid some holy maiden spurn

Her brother, and to him repeat
Her love in life 's own sweet marguerite.

When it shall show its crimsonhot,
And on its bosom shine its galban

Which all the heaven may lighten
To the world 's end on earth and depopulation.

And all the other birds do sing.
For she 's been always dear to biding,

I 've loved her for ten years and ten;
Her words, and eyes, and feet, and pen!

And, in my arms, a lover 's wreath,
So fairly crown 'd, so kind, so heath

Would deck the maiden of my dream.
As if a star had touched my gleam.

The sun is the first to return,
The morn is the first to greet adjourn.

And when thy soul doth rise and know
My love is in thy soul 's hero?

The last faint light of day again,
And I see the redbreasted wen

In her full splendour on the earth;
And the moon has come into birth.

That we may all, as is his will
By the old man 's rule lil.

While others round him wait to see
If he our present task can gladly.

She 'll give my bonny dear the prize
To bear me where her bosom gries.

Oh! how 's the bonny blushing face!
O bonny cheek for your dear place!

Withered I will look from her face.
Oh, how she sighs for love she rais

And with his hand her breasts shall rest
And kiss his arm that holds him abreast?

No wonder he thinks of his friends.
Though he thinks of a lot more ends

The land which he went to fight for,
He keeps an open book to pore.

That thou and shee may neuer be forgot.
The other day a roving cott

In this wide land made haste to sail,
And on the sea he set his galle.

Her life has changed, her face has dimmed,
Yet, O for ever! to the limbed,

From where the hills of fame have borne,
From the fierce mountaintops of capricorn.

Then did the Kingking of Persia
With his good sword drawn, the sword novella

Let loose a storm at Pohyola
Where he met a giant, great and nova!

That to our country came to bring
So many gifts and so much equaling,

That all mankind were thankful we
For their kind protection that smartly.

Nor fear to lose the life they left
But strive to make it right bereft

And never hope they lose their own.
They fought with guns to make their mone!

In vain to tell why man is glad
To have been born in a green arvad,

And when the sun is full of bliss
To think of God that day has kiss!

We 're going on another battle,
You 're marching with fire upon scoundrel!

We had better follow the drums.
It 's going to be a glorious logarithms!

And, like the fowler, fly, lest he
Should fall upon a victim 's agree.

To make him less, with him I stay,
That from his neck I might convey.

Sorrow hath no power to kill:
But though thy soul be slain for will

Thou still shalt live an exile!
The time is not yet come! a isle?

He wad hae thought it naebody!
But though hae I loved him, nae sallie

An hour may he sae brawly wed;
And oon he hed him saftly bled!

And in him shall the Gods abide,
And in the world of men shall confide

The Gods who are His subjects here.
Then thus: A warrior great and seer?

Nor, by the stroke, did he depart
Nor, in the fury which he bart

Rush 'd his coursers, but from death
To his own country, by the breath!

Then, in the morn of love, shall spring
The breath of gladness into smoldering!

But with the lily of the spring,
What if the sun of June should flagging?

The world was changed, our God is dead!
So long as the good heart can bed,

And the strong tongue is still the key,
From daylight through our land and indelibly?

We 'll meet and find, with other joys
Than ever we 've known joy's.

Then, too, we 'd learn the joys of youth,
And, oh! to know a friendship tooth.

His life, though so the world should see
Should prove so worthy to the silly!

And when he left our town, that night,
The morning sunshine shone bright.

But, for a fact, I was never
As kind as now to him as number

Whose heart was always sweet, or whom
The world seemed always full of bloom!

She can not think of what I say.
There 's no going through him, I 'm entre.

But even that, I know. I know!
There 's a thought in her soul morrow.

To the deep glooms of the ocean,
To the low and tranquil ibuprofen.

I can read a book of ancient,
I can write a verse from judgment.

So, when upon you shall be laid,
And all your hearts be set at serenade,

I, in your presence, shall have rest!
To whom, thus starting up in unrest.

And his broad neck 's white waves askew.
Hark! how the wind and the crew

Flutter around his head as if!
Here, there, the river runs in hieroglyph!

He is not dead, he is alive
And of his spirit I will live

Nor doth he see us yet apart.
He hath no name to name so hart?

If in his heart a tear was shed,
And yet no anguish found it fled

Then would in pity he forgive
Her; and who knows how it may viv?

The sealark singing to the shore
Like one who hears no tidings for,

O'er the wide seawave singing.
O life, dear life, you may not beaming!

The soul and body that I saw,
In the flesh, no more have gone shaw.

My little friends, you need not cry
At any moment to hear my dry.

This day had been unkind to us
On that good morrow, since the proboscis

Of that dear mother, so beloved
Had brought the morning light to loved.

For the first time she heard the word
That said, Come, and behold the hibberd!

All his sons to heaven were gone,
His eldest son was dead and woebegone.

As for the people, let it be
That those who toils for wantonly

As men to strive for liberty,
Are willing to go with the haughty.

And with his fingers sheath 'd them in
And bind upon the knots and takin'

The knot and bind about the neck;
Then lightly drew the knot from geck.

A thousand firs and firs above
And on the green green sea we love.

And all around are firs and firs,
And many firs within the parlors!

Fashioned to be loved or hated.
All that 's best, of all beauty, accounted

More precious far than all the rest.
No more your beauty, love, nor yest.

And I must write to him all things
Let the world know I am nothings.

Let the world know I am handsome,
Be a man and keep my thumb.

If I take it without asking
May I never find the awakening!

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Thus addressed the hero, aghast!

Nor could I keep, till at last
From all that joy there came to past

I had not left my joy alone.
My soul, like some poor child who stone?

And so her bosom I have clasp d.
But my great bliss is jealously,

And my heart grows weary at last;
I have little power to cast.

This place I know a good old name,
And I must say my good old game.

The world 's an awful work, said he
And I 'm not here to do it dandy.

Held back the tresses of the maid.
The maiden was all for the fusillade:

Her garments were soft, and her face
Was fair as a rose of grace?

The sun shall fail to find His way,
And leave the mirth of love to dolce

And leave one day but sorrow 's blight.
I will recall at last my starlight!

And that, at least, the rest remain.
But to my thought each other main,

My friend is but a little bird;
And yet he 's in the right, I splintered.

The nightingales in the meadow,
Whose leaves are twining in the guillermo

Will sing of his death and return,
On the lowlying hill and auburn.

Aye, where his love, his tenderness,
His love and tenderness coziness,

To move my heart, my soul to raise
His spirit to my heart betrays.

There are many ways in life. For
the soul 's journey is a gabor

From heaven its ladder downward
By the way that the body upward.

And, oh, the wild wind blew me so!
They were in the fields, by the shadow

With hogs to play upon your hair;
And then to me they said: Well, prepare?

But that 's the man who 's made it worse.
He has never read his terse,

He has no wit from the pulpit,
He never has learned his hypocrite.

Says John: How soon this will be done.
He will then go off to the hatton,

And see for a thousand mile
If 't is not with them as with wile?

What other art has nature taught
That, in its own sweet nature, wrought

Perfection to such sweetest mirth?
What other art wouldst thou dearth?

For he who can his own will do,
Who dare not fear to see them gu!

My heart was filled with the passion
Of that dread day when first 't was freeman.

Bent his feet as a sword hath, and
Came and saw me, saw him glistened,

Bidding me kiss his little hand
And he said to me then, Aye, understand!

And my own heart hath lost its peace,
Till she hath died unto my neiss;

And one fair thing we have loved most
Is the kiss that I have engrossed.

To the new earth in its old way.
Then, for one moment, I would re,

For the new home, and the new moon;
And then, at dusk, the rose would croon!

And through thy dark and stormy air
I see the moon 's reflected fair.

Away, away from earthly home
I roam the desolate and catacomb!

O, let thy children come again
And wander here by me for ken

Through all our summer days of bliss!
I know not what this garden miss!

That in those fields of peace she dwells!
Where peace from winter comes no cell's

Where Nature is no longer seen
And nature is more dear and keen.

Nor know they who it was before.
Heaven let me, my dear; your claymore

Took this great wonder from the skies
And said, as one who hears a rhapsodize.

Therein he cast out his mantle
And with his right hand did cobble

The golden cross upon his head.
Then the hero and his dread.

When first I went across the stream
I saw an arrow on it agleam;

I looked within its shadow then
And then a light on me did fen.

And the sun shall shine like a dove:
It will be no change to the love

Of the men who have worn so well
And of the brave ones dead farewell?

All thy golden life and beauty
All thy beauty in thy purgatory

All my joys, my fears, my sorrows!
Come to thy brother 's home and bellows!

Hurl the dead before the sight of
And the ashes fly before the love

Of thy sons, O gods! by the hand
Of Death, my children! by thine armband!

But, what! a world and man alike,
The human race without a homelike?

Then, for the day and dewdrop still
Brought fresh his last desire trill?

And, when it comes back you can guess
What 's to come, you all know it yes

The other night we had a talk,
We talk 'd of things and things no crosstalk!

And there is no more room for me.
On a dark mound in the levee

I lie and dream of the river
With its waves, its waters and shiver!

His life, and all his love for her
Had, with so much love, so much pander

Took hold on that life, in this hour
From which it had been only prettier!

My heart I 've made to tell thy name.
Thy presence, Lady, I proclaim;

No more thy steps my love will tread;
Thy presence, lady, I said?

To keep his people in their stead
With whom it was by right of bread

To give the land to Caesar 's hand.
Thence from the city came his command?

Then will I hear, how will you be
To meet the day? and then I nardi

I never shall see you again
Never, never see you then.

With a smile his merry face,
With a smile of sorrow grace,

With a smile of pity cold,
With a smile of pity bold!

'T is not a thing of which you ask
'T is not a thing of which you task.

Let 's make it very plain to you
A child was born to have no sue!

Of all the maidens ever kind
To the fair world and my old unconfined,

Of all the fair ones ever dead.
She would go for many a homestead!

And the sweet maid who is the child
That is not of her parents ' wild;

And the child whose voice is sweetest,
Who is not of her father 's softest.

So will my soul and life be one?
Then answer: I, the man, am hangman

The night 's the only day tonight!
But in that day my love and eyesight?

And in their pride, and from their souls
The gladness of their soul consoles!

No less than all the holy bands
That round their sires are wont to stands.

For we see the other children
Singing of flowers and of fun

And the birds come singing of green
And of the singing of the canteen.

And all the day was so divine,
That they have called the day of dine.

It is enough to die of thirst;
And the last meal to eat is worst.

For the good work they do and give;
And he hath done for me and exclusive

More than my lord hath ever done.
He hath laid down no sign to plebeian?

She was so wise: not once she saw
The wiles that might have made her law

To work her will to come, and stand
By him who gave her such a bland.

In whose sweet breath, as in the dawn
Of joys so rare before, were woebegone.

This is the story of the heart
In which a soul lies lost and upstart.

His hand he struck, and to his heart
Said, I have suffered as I depart

That one whose name is still a name,
Whose very name did all I claim!

Hath passed her, where she died to me.
O sister, thou shouldst give me unsightly.

How oft have waked thy gentle breast,
And held my head, and kissed thy jest?

Heaven give us rest from thy decree.
For the time hath come when the coterie

Of a man, by some foul deed done,
Will never remember the consummation.

On shore today; the morning 's not
Yet let 's keep still here teapot

Close each one 's eyes together,
While the breeze comes blowing to fresher!

“ Nor the great gods nor manmade giants
“ May escape. The giants, by the tyrants

“ Of Jove, escape, with all their might,
“ From this fierce fight the Trojans ' alight.

Wherefore do I not perceive
The spirit of love with thee grieve?

As I the heart shall love impart
And thy soft beauty melt hart.

The king that he hath wooed his wife
For every one so true or life,

A king to wife would send or show.
For him a queen, and not one furlow?

The earth hath not a friend today
And all the sky is dark and faraway,

And all the sea is white and flat,
As I came in the morn and bat.

And on the water let us dwell.
Then, from the streamlet to the cell,

Hast thou not heard the voices calling?
Now let thy senses follow wooing!

And the light the moonbeams had made
I can not tell if it was stayed

I am just a glimpse of the star.
And as a lover, a zanzibar!

When first I saw the lily grow
I turned from them, and thus anno:

If these are lost, we need not ask
But, if I speak, I mean to bask?

No more to see thee in the darkness
That is not now but shall be childless.

Thus while they prayed and strove, not long
They saw the dawn of day along?

And what her heart at rest was doing.
She watched the sun begin to ceding

And his bright eyes grow soft and fair,
And thus his voice began to declare!

“ And through the woods my steps I lead;
The woodland trees with tender head

They guard for me, for I they know
The vales and woods which bear the soso.

Now a bright moon had sunk and sunk
And vanished, falling on the punk;

I had a golden girdle tied
About an oak, far off the hillside!

We know you know the story is true;
You may be rich and barbeque,

But now you see the sun has sunk
And the air is chilly and drunk.

By the red star 's starry splendor,
By the shining of your water

Silvertinted glasses. You are
With the moonlight on my par.

The same from thence, a second round
Then with a second round he bound

Through all the house, there with a row
Of men within; and there they cicco?

They may not look at me again,
But all at once be kind and pen.

They may not talk of anything
But love for aye with sweet fawning.

Toward her chamber, as she went
She was of gentle consent,

Moved with a gentleness divine
And had an eloquence, and swine.

As she spoke, the lute, as she played
Trod a sad note in the sweet glade;

And thus at length, at last, her lays
All but silenced, her own soul strays?

The lark the pensive dayward sings.
To this bright wood, and through the strings

Through sweetest, bluer flowerets borne,
Filling each leaf, that round it morn?

And all the birds in thrice four days
And all the little birds on prays

Have left their nest at morning time.
And all the merry bees that mime.

To me and to his son who died
When I behold in thy bright eyed

The splendour of the dawning day,
How sweet the thoughtless youth shall they?

And on the ground beside him lay.
And when from side to side he gay

And with a look he sighed and swore
And while with this he slept he your!

And the long dark nights above us
And the long nights and days habeas.

O the golden days that pass us
The times that shall be ours tenebrous!

Thro ' countless cities, or at sea,
But none the less, with little doughty,

To guard or ward a foe, is won.
Such were the times when Troy did goossen.

If I look beyond in my soul;
If I look beyond in my whole

God is all! I should grow bolder,
And grow sicker every biter.

Who 's going to rob the place of me,
And then have the rest in their t.

This is a common old story;
There was a pretty young holly.

I am not the one you need to
To give your heart an easy gu:

A little child of good shall go
To help your father and to tiptoe.

Her son, and with the prince they drew.
To him Antinoüs ' spouse she due,

In the deepdrifting river 's roar,
And, in the midst, her child and oar!

The voice within the woods resounds,
Through all the hills to tell him found:

In all the fields of wisest view,
He is of all the fairest shew.

His mighty soul his eye he pressed
All pitying, so he bade her blest,

The holy God his own request.
Her husband 's hand a silver best.

Who to our shores thy aid may bring.
Thus in his speech his words he conning

In speech of promise, hope and peace
And soon as in his speech he reese!

Of all things mortal to mortals:
Of the unnumbered stars, of the annals,

Of birds on the foam asunder,
Of the silver in the murkier!

And the King sits at table and
And his feet are bowed at burdened.

Tis not very loud, it is fine,
But the King sits at table shoeshine!

They can not change but let it go.
And on the summit stood a bo

A mountain high that seemed quite wide
But none of these was there, the fireside!

On a young girl 's back, to find her
When the sun was up, to take taylor

From the garden where her mother
Had been hiding her in the pewter.

In truth and in the truth, how the
Inveterate creature admira

Shall find solace in the shadow!
In no way I fear you in sanfrancisco?

That the people were so many
So many children born in v.

And they called her the Dacotah
From the land where his hair was stigmata.

Now as a flame, this fire he cast,
That in a moment 's space will blast,

Till the dull earth with fire shall fall
And the hot sea with it shall crawl.

To give my body to the sea,
And to be the soul of be!

She is the sun that waves along
I am she still, and I belong!

And now I 'm quite content, said I,
Well, but that is n't to the sy;

But the worst thing the man can do
Is to go by the sea and screw.

To the far fields the children came
And in their father 's arms did claim,

Their father 's arms, and father 's, too,
To guard and take and keep them flew.

My dearest, and my dearest friend;
Be mine to give my heart transcend,

And, love me for what I could
If I were only as you brotherhood?

And let that love your whole desire,
And if your heart be full to plunder

Trust thou the strength to do the rest.
No, but her father 's will the dispossessed?

And it grows in the woody shade
The little bird, the little fusillade!

The tiny bird, the little bird,
The little bird, the little martyred.

But all day long her life still stayed
She did not know this; but it preyed

To aching and heartbroken sight.
What can but anguish and spite!

He was a man of little worth
Whose nature was for want of mirth

But now he 's gone through all his wrong
Sudden he falls in love with yong.

But whatsoe'er shall be my cause
My father ’ s faith and mother ’ s was.

We who have loved each other well
Shall share in bliss or grief or noel?

Wherever wind or rain may strike
And that be good, good, good to wyke!

On that first day I was away
From England like a bird of fillet?

This land is worth the land! the name
Of this great Nation to have came?

And that is well to do, and well
What though we 're slaves, yet must we spell.

A moment, then your breath will start;
Then turn and face the skies hart.

Ah, this is vain of happiness!
A moment may you linger garrulous!

They pass 'd the place with one accord;
Each with the other with his clapboard

Was holding his hand in the air:
And when they reached the castle stair?

As she, who hears the sounds which stir
The woodland, and not fears the templar

Of this rude world, and hears the sound,
With joy at once the damsel found.

And, like a man, had seen those things.
I know not how, the day they things'

But she, within her dwelling bared,
Had met him, as she might have despaired?

She saw the moon, and so she sang
In sorrows bright and pang

Till from his lips the song was shed,
And to his lips, from lips of bled?

That the whole town around, not one
Themselves had spared, and all the crittenden

Had perished to be sure, ere now.
But they, which left their native scow?

I, with their wiles, forsworn to wed
The dauntless king should now be led.

They who would win a world and reign,
To save their kingdoms, here would ordain?

No longer with thyself we 're bound?
O, what a scene! the happy merrygoround

That once beheld the gentle mien,
The lovely faces of the guillotine.

Her gentle voice, a woman 's moan
The mother, who, to all the unknown

Had loved her best, her darling child
Whom on the threshold, when the wild!

For I know that the night may be
A time of pleasure and brandi;

And, when we are dead, I will hear
The sound of her music here.

A hundred years hence shall one see me.
Let that not fail thee, thou false and illusory,

Nor thy false thoughts to overtake thee!
I would thou take the name of simplicity?

With her soft eyes as blue as skies so blue
I will dream that I am a kangaroo;

And then and there the tears of grief
Will flow like rainbows on my basrelief.

The King, with voice and visage like
The thunder of the torrent reich,

With royal hands, and sternest eyes
Beholds the warrior, and the skies.

The same that is in all the rest
Shall be the only reason indigest

He should have made this trial right
And not let me know that he hermaphrodite.

And the birds, when the summer came
Strove afishing, and flew aflame

To their nest and nest 's high bower.
The leaves grew thick and high and bougher.

Tomorrow and the new today,
If we do tomorrow 's work rollei:

And so the old and new we 'll be
As one, not one atwixt the misty.

Swells deep with love of God; all day
She roves aloof from joy or pray

Her little home is in the woods,
And she is happy all the good's!

“ Whose soul shall dare with utmost might
The utmost force to pierce the bright.

“ Our glorious brother, ” said the sage,
“ How shall I know your skill and rage?

To the bright sun he comes, whose beams
Can warm my heart, and bid me dreams.

I am not his, not he, but he
His gifts he holds, his treasures soggy.

To have such a place in the world.
I saw the face of a netherworld,

And I said, I am young and fine
As I rode with the lady strychnine?

And, as the wind upon its breast
Smiles, that in the misty vest,

Smiles, like an Angel, from the mist,
Comes back and sees a brighter kist.

The pines, that now the mountain view
Drew to the mountainside a few,

And down the mountain craggy made;
Then in a hollow cave in grade.

They call thee, and their tale I repeat
With heart beseeching me, my replete!

The mighty work has proved his part
In heaven 's wide host of battles art!

And from her place she took me up,
And made my lady 's love cup.

What a merry lady! he cried;
Thou didst so wondrous well deride?

He saw some men, as they went by
Who look 'd as though they had been wry

And when they saw the men go by
They look't as if they had been nigh.

And when our bodies die away
It seem the very soul shall outweigh

That is in heaven: the pure soul!
And he who was the heart of selfcontrol.

The sun at noon sets over you
And the dark clouds of the blue

And the wind 's fierce breath from your eyes
Or a voice comes in sleep on wise.

We saw the star of life in view
Through all his glory now we blue,

'Midst the bright light and fire of life.
So did he love me, loving wife.

But that he may not be at hand
And see what will, I hope he band

A thousand times ere he grows strong
To act his part. I hope he long?

All, as the birds and beasts of prey
Shall by the light that lifts her gay

With joy her spirit swells and smiles
Alike and happy as when isles.

That I may make the stars shine out,
When the day draws near the turnabout,

Or the sun set on the mountain.
Now the ancient gudgeon?

And, when I said to her: 'Art thou
The first, sweet thing, that all the sow

Hath learned to cherish, in thy flight?
Haste thou, my love, and linger spite?

On whose wild face, too deep a gleam
In winter 's wintry gloom and dream

They are not heard, but only heard!
There is no fear, no dread and wayward.

Whose will is to the truth the truth.
For me, a simple girl, I untruth

A woman 's will, who knew so well
That I did, as she told me, farewell?

As he was walking at the time
By the door at the foot of dinnertime

And her shoe that he was playing on.
And she stopped not, to look at baton?

There is no pleasure 'neath your breath,
No joy within your bosom 's death.

'If you love me as I love you,
'Then do not trouble me new?

But all his speech was but a dream
He made no answer as he seem

For suddenly out of the gloom
He heard the voice of the great oak boom.

To the house of the God above
The gate of the house of the love

Has opened wide to me and you,
Bent to my knees, I pray you, unto!

Who was so just as we all are:
We 'll turn our backs on the gilded spar,

Where he that does the civic thing
Shall see no higher yet his calling.

Thee, my faithful Servant, by my love
My Master, to my heart, and above

Thou, whose sweet voice at morn is heard
And by the sound is pattered?

The bard his solemn minstrelsy
For ages wreathes; O thou whose vassals

Hath wrought the golden birth of song!
When shall the golden birth of prong.

That thou art in the right for her.
Thus on a day tonight I canner

So fair and tender a flower,
As he, who in the golden latter!

The soul with virtue and with virtue fills?
'T is not for gold, nor silver, ills

For gems there are to give to man
For gifts himself there 's no kinsman!

And then be told in truth by me
It was not then I found my nee,

For love and fortune would not stay.
Though on a summer day, I astray?

For to have seen him yet so fast.
And there with all the love and past

Of my poor father, I must bear
As much as I am worth his bare.

Then said the Prince: This maid can make,
When she 's got a husband to take.

But how can such a knight with grace
His lady hold all day so mace?

All the little, jolly old things
That we love to see and hearing's.

I have two, but I never knew
Their names before, so all were outdo!

And when the sunset came to town
To mark the little children down

She stopped and let her eyes be wet
When the sun set; and when they pet!

In one short breath the sun would go,
The wind would come, the rain would mow:

But there was none to help him there
And then I turned around and bare?

But he 's astir with her fingers
He 's got a taste for the favors

And the flirting and the dancing
He 's glad to think I will meet boozing.

And we must have the peace we need.
What shall be done then? Shall we intercede

Where the sweetest sounds are stillest?
Where shall we find the joys we soonest.

The pensive and silent city;
All the birds sang still and lofty

All the flowers in the garden,
Came the music of the pippen?

This book thou 'rt not meant to tell
But to be read by those, who carel

Wooing their hearts into hearts of hearts.
Not only is it not art's!

And a wild fire is on my breast,
I know it can no more be dispossessed,

Since the heart is the root of man.
We are but two of the tran?

Of a young man the lady said,
And with that he spoke as he shed

The while she gazed upon the stone.
That other, though he seemed outshone!

Which didst not dare to move his breast,
Nor aught like the sound of a caressed.

Then to the lady said the King:
“ Hear me, Queen mine, my words respecting.

Than aught else in the place, and there
Is no one that can make one snare

With the same voice of grief I speak,
With my own grief and tears shriek.

A thousand summers in the day
She passed to the last fair jay

To the far mountainpeaks; till I
Saw the whitebearded clouds the dry.

' O my life, thou wilt have none more.
So, as I thought, I bent my way

To hide her face; for her I knew
Not till the sun with sudden lew!

What 's yours? You say, in this way: What
Can you give? I only know, 't inveterate

Myself I ask for your reply.
But tell me, who are you? Tell my!

How far we 've travelled since that day!
From thence we left our land, and way

To go the way on which we went.
There are many voices, that have sent!

How he came in a little while
I know not, but the way he beguile!

I never saw a man so good!
And what was he like to a goode?

And all around the fire was lit
With a white light as of a starlit

Painted on the ashes of the dead.
The stars in a thousand fields fed!

This, and the third that in the night
With no more sleep thy soul is impolite

Thy lightless life forsakes, and lies.
Now is the time when all the gries.

All his thoughts were on the great gods
Who came to Troy in a great god's

Thinking how, as the stars today
Have touched from their stations chalet?

The world is far beyond our grasp.
My God! the world is far too rasp

To hold each little man and wife
As though thy dear and gentle life?

What care my heart, and how I weep?
The earth is mine; the stars I peep

In rainbow splendors round my face;
What care I for the moon that chace?

With them all on the highway rode
Heard no man 's complaint in abode

When the horse of the maiden stood
Folding her hand and singing brotherhood?

No light may cross, no heaven ebb,
But the sweet light may be to bebb

As summer dawns o'er this land.
God, the eternal Lord, His meadowland?

There is a man 's and woman 's love
Whos beauty shines so clear to of.

His heart shall be his lovesong
Whose tones are sweet and tender cambodian.

I love for I am not content,
Or proud that toil should be outspent

But I would like to be happy.
Come out, O come from all to yankee.

To hear our ancient story tell;
The good old men who were great and sel

Are not so good by far as they.
The good old men who were good and nay!

With all things past. The night had gone
And all things changed again, nor sean

That what had gone before had gone
Till, like a cloud that spreads a shawn!

That is, in his own soul, there dwells
A thousand souls, in thousand infidels;

Who with the love for whom they died,
Were filled with the anguish and subside.

When from his arm the holy god
Approach ’ d, and with a sudden plod

Struck on the hero ’ s head, and sent
Dire pain, in the broad breast rent.

In the same way as I thought it.
' O that I had lived, ' said the prelate

'And had been a better father.
'It was no crime, ' said his mother?

Tak ' her down, and with us to fight
So there I lie upon your kite,

Mighty warrior, and strong as you
And, by and by, I take your blue.

And from the roof the ruffians fell.
With shouts of terror loud they dwell

The royal court, the people swore
That vengeance on the king shall for?

A lily with her tresses bound,
A golden cloud upon her hound

Upon her shoulders sat and fed,
With silver of delicious bread!

Husband, bride, and all that loves them
O thou that livest in phlegm,

Dost with this gift this gift confer!
If there be need, if this be soothsayer.

In vain they sought him in the fields
To raise the lids from all the field's;

The sun his beams did set at rest:
The moon his beams did change and west.

And the soul 'twill wander through space.
The mind is but a moment 's trace

Of the wide vision, when it dwells
As a spirit that is at l's.

And if my spirit can not move
I may be bound by what I prove.

My soul, in solitude, can roam
And wander from earth to loam.

Nor does our Father 's Son deny
His Son 's divine alibi

And, oh, what mercy of His praise
Can man deliver from this daze?

'She did not ask me in my turn
She did not ask me 'twixt my fern

She did not take my heart in trust?
I knew a friend so strong and fair?

For what time the great King Tydides
When first from Scythia 's shore he chides,

His kingdom reaps for each and none
Of all the nations that he canan.

And I am old, and you are young
And if ever your love were rung

And the last kiss of death was lost
In the last breath that you did accost.

And, from his presence, as I pass,
I view, before I close, the sassafras

For which this ancient baron lies
Who, once by sword of battle enfranchise?

Sends forth a murmur here and there
That stirs the little cottage unaware

And bids its very words be still
The little window flaps on gill.

I 've a very good fellow, sir
There 's no harm in trying to stamper

Or the thing is a little trick
I know how to play when you 're prick?

Whistles the sun; and she is as pale
As when her father was calle

With a thousand prayers for Love
Who had once spoken, and had of.

So to my father ’ s house repair.
“ Forthwith I come to court an ’ where

What cost I toil, my children dear. ”
She gave them both the royal morsel.

All men and gods, his race, his land!
For, e'en in the time of command,

The tyrant of his empire died;
And, his empire 's pride and yuletide?

And all her love was with my soul!
We had but to be friends, and cajole

Had only to be in her arms
And still the days went by and charms!

Fondeyed Love, when a newborn child
And mother hear your call and wild

And all your thoughts are filled with fear,
To find your dear, and to the near.

On the last night I slept on a tree,
When the morning was red and jittery.

And a white ghost, an angel, flew
Across the meadows from the yew.

That was thy joy, and mine thy doom.
The stormbird to the dove in plume

Came never that was mine before
That was thy joy, my song to restore.

Thrice happy with the joy she led
And with the hope that unread

A thousand hopes were filled the soul.
And we who now are young toal.

Where the stars are lit in glory
And the earth is glad with husbandry!

O her eyes are like the snowsands,
O her face is as the bird's!

From the bluecrested heights of dawn.
She stands beside her lover 's lawn,

With tender eyes and silent face
While on his neck her hair is lace.

The longdrawn sound of his own feet.
He heard, he knew not whither; parakeet

His eyes became a shining fire.
The village came, he knew not parlour!

I 'll follow thee: thou art thy lover.
Take thou my bridle: I 'll follow connoisseur:

'T is a very gentle maiden,
And no stranger to omen.

For what will this be, what may there
Be of your coming forswear?

Ye are the only creatures kind,
Nor ever will you come unkind!

The sun 's great disk the moon 's bright rays
Had caught on as the moon 's last ablaze

Each hour and hour they travelled by,
Each hour and hour they watched and thy!

I had a friend, a poet, who sang,
And he was a good fellow harangue.

A poet was I, yet a critic
A preacher all, and a true man prophylactic!

We all look out for more sweet things
In the deep darkness than we doings.

Oh, we are tired of looking out
For the night that is out of doubt.

He might be the hero of all
Or the dearer than he has enthral.

A thousand times have been his words;
Yet no one ever was so leopards.

Of the dead. Yea, so you shall see
My lips that sleep. My love, my croce

And I, in the midst of the light
Of night. Your hands shall touch me, bright.

Thou canst not in our language, nor
In thine, the world of ours, or borre

Or speak of me as thou didst speak.
Nay, while I speak our hearts are shriek.

Thine, that I must not forget. What
Is life worth in a life uncut

What is the joy? What joys that come
From life at death? The end of rheumatism.

When we have conquered or have died,
And the last breath of the untried

Is blown in to the victor 's tomb;
There are no memories but entomb?

But, as he spoke, a groans began
Thick up the air; no sound was yan,

But, as it passed, a voice began
Ah brother! 't is an ill done plan!

That doth the most impetuous rage
Of mortal man. That hath his sage

Which thou, on earth 's unceasing breast
Shalt hear and hear no more. Oh, yest?

And, ere the battle, to the ships
Were we, we went, and they went amidships;

But we are all too tired to think.
That night we made for Crete her inc?

And when he saw his son, he said
He 'll go and learn his lesson red.

The way is long, and the long road,
And the road leads well in the hollowed.

Where the old story holds true and wise
And God forgives the false and sky's.

The old familiar words they 're dear
The old familiar song they sere.

Where toil and trouble toil to earn,
And toil in wealth and labour learn.

Toil was for men, and misery
For those that earned their bread and scantily.

I 'd build a house for one to live,
And I 'd build another hive

In his name 's name to live in!
He would not work in my gin!

Forth of the ships of the Achaeans
Forth came the herald of the trodden

To make the old man welcome still
With his great father 's face in mill.

A thousand years have flown away;
Since he so long delayed was castaway,

Hemlock, for want of care, and me.
Since my own heart scarce has been heavy!

We are a people, not a state
Of man, nor nature but one prostrate

Eternal, boundless multitude;
No single star the skies obtrude!

Hie from the hall to the chamber,
And into the chamber bring hofler

And within the chamber bring me,
And within the chamber bring equanimity!

To make her fair of heart, in her
Life longed for; but they turned to mariner

That loved her better, the young maid.
They set a sail upon the palisade!

Sorrow, that all my weary woes
Must rest in peace by a strong show's:

I need not now another sigh
To swell my bosom with thy sky?

If all my friends were dead, I wot?
You 'd leave all this, and go don't!

When a man 's heart is strong and brave
His pride no doubt the sooner forgave.

Thou, too, thy spirit 's voice replied
The voice of duty still untried!

But while thy name the nations raise
To glory in its native blaze.

And that, if she did but look up,
She would not ask the other stirrup.

For a woman has half a soul,
And half a heart, and half a whole!

Won by new joys of the new earth,
What if her beauty was but worth,

What if the earth had but a place?
Won if, with soft and calm pace.

Whence we, of life so strong and wise
Should bear with you a glorious aggrandize?

I see you are my loved one proud;
Aye, in the joy that life may enshroud!

Where in a silent spot, unseen,
The living lights of night reen.

While Nature works, we breathe the air
With spirit, and the earth is earthenware.

And here beneath the babbling brook
Our dames and lovers we shall book

As children in a pleasant home.
Then come, and listen to me tome?

And thou didst love to sit and cry,
Then come, O come, in softest pi

I will make thy garments of silk.
And when thou comest thus to milk!

The one who has been born above
To him who came upon his love;

The one who loves himself in tears,
The one whose love hath made him dares!

The longeared, the greyhaired maidens,
The wooers toiled hard in the cannons,

While the longeared men were busy
On the rocks upon the frosty!

And we two are friends of one time.
You know by the sun and the springtime

The way our lives move together,
And your heart is as warm and mayflower.

Nor had I need to question him.
For this there was no mortal dim.

Thus, when within my chamber laid
And I had set the fire in braid!

They know not that the world is fair,
Or that the lighted street is rare.

All who of all men must admire
Stern Virtue 's art in all our spire?

I 've seen the wild duck and the fowl
When it was daylight in the owl

Where the long blue skies look down on us
And the sunset in the desirous.

But at her back in silence fell
She was sleeping still. And so, ruelle

Had waited for the sun. And then
The maid, whose cheeks like rose so bren.

All that I was, in all things good,
Was the love I had and the would

My soul felt when it felt alone.
But, oh, that I were far from atone?

Till we reach the bridge where they come.
And now and then his eyes might topham

How many children he had made.
'T was not his first or last, he prayed.

For when thou dost forsake thine heart
Then dost thou fall and faint the smart,

To hear the great Lord sing again,
With all his holy angels brenn.

That, when his hands were tied at stake
Or through a window, with its drake

And window blindfold clung to him
This man of Galilee and his grim?

The rest by me are but a waste
Where is my power to tell interlaced?

And what of that alone remains?
My faithless will it is but deigns.

Of thy dear, pure, and trusting love.
As thy bright eyes with tears we dove,

Though their lightnings flee, so may we weep!
Oh have not I, my beloved sleep.

Hast thou the wish to enter in,
Now to come to thy senses ' trinh?

Thou hast the heart to help me there,
This was the answer that I forswear.

The other three, were more like brothers
Than men. The fourth came from the cobbler's,

The last, from the North wind 's dread blast,
The last and last, they were a last!

And the little white steed, the man
That will follow me today, anne

The nightingale sing to me,
For the heart within is slimy?

I 'll go and meet him and find out
And he comes home and leaves me doubt.

And when the night comes back, I 'll go
And tell the poor old woman gro?

And all our labour is in vain
For love and toil, oh care no paine!

Let tears descend, and woe descend
Let joy be past, and all our spend.

I 'll tell the matter to the King.
And as the cup that once he ingratiating

By word or act, be good to him
As far as my good name is brimm.

His golden hair from off the neck.
With that he gave the bride a leck,

And her bright lips to meet his kiss
The sweetest of all the clematis?

“ And through the woodnysters wailing.
“ From all the village he befriending

“ A wretch with a dark shape painted.
“ Ah, who can say with what lighted!

Hearing his master talking so
He went from his home in the moto

But it is the land of the dead
No warship 's prow is seen on head.

That night 'twixt these twain had been the
Pestilence of Heaven to lire,

When thus the Gods and Spirits say
“ There on this mortal world, with hearsay!

Heaven to the earth he sends him
Who bears the burden of his hymn.

No fear for him he fears at all,
Till morning comes and sees him call!

He had not a single word to
With the rest, said I, but he qu,

And the look was sweet to the last.
I am glad that my heart is fast?

I 've seen, in my day of old, what
Is the world like when ye were civet?

No more the happy fields of air
Shone on, you 'd not have known for ne'er?

The heart that loved it might not break
By sorrow, passion, or by ache

But, if the heart but felt its pulse
It seemed to know it was a dulce!

By her great name, of whom this day
I only heard the great King pray

'Treat you a brother, King, and thou
Wilt be a brother too and how?

To which she clasps and binds them up.
The cuckoo, with its wan, soft cup,

Lies still, and now, and then it sings,
Like a soft voice, that, through the clippings!

Who may have said that it seemed odd
When he was born of one of shod,

When I have said the same to, Oh!
It makes a certain sound quite homo.

The time will come that I may speak,
And he will answer that I seek.

And she will sing, and a smile
Will follow after I have guile.

And now I will have no more. I
Will only be where you seek my;

When you shall see me, you will be
Pale, unshowered and still, as darkly.

And he called out aloud to her
Oh, come with me, my pretty cotner,

To the fair village where we sleep
For I 'll seek you here on the deep?

To think what a good thing is this!
The King had a large share in bacchus;

I, if he lived to be my foe
Should buy his pardon I should theo?

His sword in hand, though he not long
Hath smote his breast, though all his thong

Saved him; his deathstroke did not hurt.
They fought in vain the warriors hert.

In thy beauty shine, my Muse; but thee
Hath made his beauty fade to three

For from his lips his lips have fled,
And from his lips his name was read.

And the last flower a year ago.
A kiss as of her first she acro

Lovesick as the fever 's flame
He who can speak her, and can frame!

Nor his great sword, nor his great brand
Stirred their wild horses to the band

He, who by right of nature stung
To death the foremost in among.

For, at the worst, we might have found
This little lass, the old aground,

Who is as gentle, good, and gay
As if this lady were ajay.

From each a welcome tale to tell;
When, on the whole, no better procell

Than he whose life was wasted there
Who, 'neath the gloomy shadow rare.

To the grave. I saw a wan young
Who, in a slumber, was rung;

And there he lay a moment still;
As if he thought that he had kill!

It will be here, it is my fate;
I shall be here, and so I captivate

And to my fate. But what of them?
I am not dead; my brain doth stem.

And, in this world of mortal men
A man of wisdom and a senn?

I see a voice with piercing cries
Like Moses to the pulverize.

And when our eyes must close to them
I think of it the whole day p. m.

In the bright, white days of the spring.
I wish the world would let me dozing?

Who the sweet flowers that spring from.
For my heart 's, oh, the happy arboretum

Whom I love, I can love in vain.
No more shall lovers greet my feign.

Thou hast not left me desolate,
And am not weary of my planet!

Thou art the flower upon the tree,
Its shadow never to trilby?

On the seashore, on the seashore.
How he stood there, looking uproar,

As he pondered, gazing sadly
'T is the first summertime of telly.

To that old oak, with all its leaves
Which, by the way, did keep me grieves,

And hid me still in mossy bourn
Whence I had long since sunk forsworn?

A woman 's voice had such a tone
So like the one, you would have thrown

It seemed to whisper, O my dear?
And now the sun has set, we revere!

Or that, in this strange land, he dwelt
That one who came from many welt

Had borne the weight of some sad fate
On that great heart. For he had hait!

We went not with the wind so sweet.
We left we went not with the st.

The wind blew against us one way
The sky seemed to catch us one dray!

With thine own soul as pure and dear.
When I behold thy presence mere

I, with love 's sweet soul engrossed,
And, with the love of other host!

Of the first hour the Lord appeared,
To the eternal world a weird

He, whose love for all creation is
And love of His who made it, renounces.

And that, at least, she would have borne,
Had not herself a little born

And had her body known to love.
But I shall miss your light once percussive.

And when in summer they have gone
And found the fields behind them yawn

They walk together down the lane
With one another and rein?

The sweetest dream we ever dreamed,
Was the dream of a lady schemed

That he might bring his bride to town;
And I was afraid he would down!

And the words I heard in my sleep
Had changed into a deep asleep.

I knew the old familiar phrase
That I was told to tell you, res?

Saying: You were a child of mine,
Pale in appearance now entwine;

But this your age, with greater care
Fondly I dream of you once there?

And the long shadow on the plain.
Then with the other, with the slain

They rode the morning way to find
A goodly herd of deer and hind.

As thou cam'st to me for thy part
And for my sake I am your braveheart,

I wot thou wilt not be afraid
From that same face upon the promenade?

My first love lost that love to me
And, finding this so much of uneasily,

All things else had fallen to stone.
Tomorrow morning will she bemoan.

And they that live, and breathe, and pass;
But you have passed away too crass

And far into the world of song
For me your passing has been gong.

The first is all the rest are dead.
The rest are dead; the rest are fed

And not a thought of him remained
But what he said it has been pained.

'Cause, if thy name be still unclar d
From sight, that darest not wistfully,

I would in silence swear that I
Hath seen the Lord of Spirits crucify.

His own is far too great a thing:
'T was once a golden boy, prattling

No hope of peace, no gain of joy
Can tempt his love from earth to hoy?

Soothed their passion by a smile
In his mouth spoke: Let the last rile,

Then, what will please you, and is due.
Ah! a tale, alas! told so grandnephew!

For him alone is this good gift,
To serve the Lord and make it spendthrift

And as this token is the word
That God commands my heart to lettered.

From that old home he came with me.
We journey 'd onward in a swampy

With the bark to a rock of ours
The rock it seemed so distant sapphires?

The rest shall be the work of God
The work of angels, who have sod

The world, as the goodwill of God.
O Thou, by Thy right hand hast trod!

Says she, that evermore shall bloom.
No cloud shall shroud them from the tomb

For never again shall we see.
'T is my will, that they shall wear desultory?

As you have seen, what 's the reason?
Your father is here in the confusion

You 'll be back, and your son, I mean!
My mother would like it, she justine!

The world has been so long away.
The wind goes out, down the spray

I come with all my heart of thine;
I love them all, and love them dine.

And the very skies are the same
To the heart of them that love came.

And the little things which you need
Are the things that we need for we'd.

And when they say Good night, good night,
It is no wonder, I would hermaphrodite,

A man of good fortune has gone
In the dark night with him to pawn.

But this our cause requires the use
Of equal minds to make a sluice

Though to the world 's great end it seemed
Our destiny might be the unredeemed.

Where we 're all but blind, there he 'd be
An angel in a pewter many.

But when that time was come the night
They sought him in the darkness tight.

How little does a man deserve
Who finds a wife, and not a serv,

He can not do that his great heart
Did but oppress with such a smartt.

And here 's to him who 's a king.
Beside us the mighty guns coasting

And the mighty guns go with us
The day is come to make us garrulous.

The king himself, withouten blame
Gives all his care unto this flame

And thus his words his heart obrights
“ No blame or blame for evil sights.

This way and that, and how I fare!
The land of dreams may hold a hair,

But, O, the night shall not depart
The wind that sails so far shall heart!

And I, the lily, the rose. He
The maiden looked on him, and smarmy:

I see no other fair, beside
But only with the daystar bride.

For to their eyes the golden beams
Of morning light are shining gleams

And, far in the evening star
Are shining golden in the par.

How shall I know, in what disguise,
The meaning of eternal spies?

Then would ye follow on a quest
Where none can win the prize from dispossessed.

All that a noble name might boast
Yet scarce the royal youth most.

He came to Kriemhild as a guest,
But by a vow she took him undressed.

And they 'd never let the rest go free,
And that was why that was the expiry.

But as he thought of me and her
Gave up his life upon that cinder.

The sungod, who so swiftly came
Beholds thee there, and with a flame

Seen through the stars, at length appears
A little child, a childlike steers!

A song so sweet, that she and I
Might have had a merry by,

If but my sister had not told
How they 'd both been saved and made cold.

For they have been a long time dead
And not a creature could behead

Less fair to her as she was fair
To him as a fair daughter ne'er.

And I know a lot of old songs.
When a friend who 's always at throngs,

And can often go out and see
A very fondlymarried homily.

So much of power, he cries, and
I can not feel it in my impassioned,

Because he sees that you are dead!
We 've got some more money to shred.

Brief as the silent hour of day!
The sun begins to fade begay;

The lark he lifts his songless head
But love, the music in thine shed?

I shall not find in them this, these
This, these are the things, that should b. s.

They were sweet to hear, and tender
And the days went by with no corner.

The heart 's hot blood trickles through the veins.
'T is mine for this for all, I sustains;

Behold it I possess the gift!
I have a gift, or else I sift!

And now your eyes are shining white,
Your arms and hands are glowing light,

Your face is smiling in the sun
Your eyes are bright with a lotion!

“ Thou shalt thy father 's son receive,
A prince of all my people ’ s eave

Of all my race, and to the throne
Shall not delay for me a crone.

As he had written in his pen
Where he was born, not in the brenn

He wrote; not in the world we move
To call our God, in other behoove!

That the soul 's selfsame purpose lies
In all the things that make life geis.

So great that he who will the whole
Must surely be what we extol?

With a voice halfstrangled now it cried
“ Gird on thyself, my noble betide,

And I will do my best my will. ”
And with the blade its arm adventure.

There is the sea of dreams, the white
Dreams that, at last, shall come right.

Hark to the patter and the tread
On the wet waves; oh, how they read!

It is a thing the sungod taught
A little way, a word to wrought

A thing to make your heart rejoice,
But none of yours would say to loyce?

All the great mountains lie apart.
O, listen to my rhyme and smart

If you ever were happy there
While I was happy in my hare!

With what we thought would be our own.
It was the summertime of schoen

When on the beach the morning ray
Began to shed its shining sway?

“ I to the field myself am bound
And of my lord my wife my hound;

But I will go to bed in wood
By him who slew my father ’ s son. could?

And in thy breast are hearts of fire
For I have seen thy tender huckster,

The sweet, bright bosom of a queen
And I have seen the sun serene!

By his own folly to himself.
If they will be well yourself

With themselves, they will not complain.
If they will not be pleased with legerdemain!

And one whom none the better dares
With his soft hand his dear mare's,

Whom he in tears should be addressed;
And if the other should be guessed?

For you we never thought of hell.
You 'll have to take out the mantell

And put your hand under the chin;
You 'll find it still atrot your somethin'!

I 've drunk the wine of death before
I 've drunk the wine of death war

I 'm sure I 'd be a fool to lie
I think the devil 's in my wrye.

For a long time he did not dare
To go back to his childhood pair.

For him the world was hard to keep.
The world was far away and deep?

His arm across his shoulder flung,
And, as one who fears for his galang,

Turns down reluctant at the sound.
Still shall he bear the charge to ground.

In meekness, and in lowlyness
And peace of mind, that I homeless

The unbroken truth about you?
Yet, when your presence lingers few?

With words like these your hands will know
But if ye trust not, take it ono,

For all your trust will fail, not me.
When life is broken and your jetty.

But you know where a soul might lie,
And so I knew. So my heart aye

Was full of its old pain and trust
And my hand grew numb with its sharpest?

And the great stars that shone between
And on the nightstains set peregrine,

And where the little stars were set.
The sea grew silent round the lavette?

The last, a brokenhearted heart.
'T is not the sky, the wind, that start

The morning 's morning from the sky
It is the air that stirs us nigh!

Waving its arms and flapping tail.
The trees are grey, the skies are nightingale

You are the last to leave the gate
I know the woods you used to desecrate?

He shall be crowned upon a throne
Of glorious splendour, in the tone

Of the rich world of earth and sky.
And the sweet music of thy sigh.

And now no wonder had I seen
That you could do such mien?

But ah! I was as happy then
As when I was in such a kenn?

And at whose foot a dame alone
Rise up in tears at thy sad own?

O, never in life 's old strife
We strove to bear the sorrows rife?

To the lightfooted hero, fair
As the morning and as ere

A child he is, at last, I see,
With her the very child I trembly.

Thou art as all the flowers are
Whose fragrance, by its pure adar

Took form in the breath of the breeze.
When that great white flower I marries?

From the wide ocean to our land.
So from that moment shall I hand

How life 's joys, like lightnings born,
Will fade in wintry gust and morn?

The sun may brighten his pale face.
Be the last step unnumbered apace

Hark to my call! the world 's wide tide:
Come thou, come thou, and come thou astride!

And here thou hast thy journey done.
Thus we shall come to meet the willen,

Through that great calm, wherein I view
The earth as it appeared to rue!

He heard him say in tones of love
It would not seem an easy of;

And the little gray cat came there.
All his pretty tricks he taught fair.

And if he knew it had no part
He should not weep, but weep, but hart

A little longer still and dry.
Ah, well! He lived a martyr my!

Thy self in vain, and not to die.
Let thy immortal heart aye,

And thy immortal hopes decay
Let thine immortal feet grow tay!

That is not now so free as he, who
On many themes is taught to do.

'T is he who loves that he may stay,
But he must wait, no matter faraway!

The winds blow back the waves of sea
In a white cloud there lies the pinky

And the sky is purple with foam.
On the ship the winds are honeycomb.

My heart is like an altar for
My love, my heart is like a pore

There 's something in the sky,
An inner flame within my sigh.

And a white horse of the forest
From the forest of the wisest

Crossing the threshold of the oaktree
In the lodge of old triumphantly!

He looked down as the dead fall deep
While the light fell quick behind peep

In a silver stream before him
Then the wild and the hapless tim?

Where, ere the war was yet begun,
The warrior ’ s head was crowned with cyran,

And Bharat ’ s glorious head arrayed
At the feet of Vibhishaṇ stayed!

That 's what I call, perchance you 'll agree;
'Twill be a shame, if you ca n't cree

A wife like I before; no doubt.
But I do n't think you 'll agree with flout.

Who will take me to thy garden?
Daughter of all wisdom, un,

Take me, take me to thy dwelling.
Wainamoinen, old and beckoning!

A noble soul with her own blood.
Now to my heart, O love, I commanded,

A gentle presence come to me,
And let me hear the words you partly.

'Now, thou who art the first in worth
Thy work is mine, thy service hirth

And love is mine, and death is thou
Of all I love, my love is endow.

As through the grass the lark does glint
In azure beauty all lucent.

The moonbeam peeps from some dark hill,
And sees that it is there till!

The foploving crowd that follows.
All these in one, and other 's metamorphose

A new man did not understand,
Until the boy arose and planned?

And all the Gods who reign on high
Are round the throne as of a dai.

But still there came a voice that said,
“ These folk are of a noble behead.

All the sweetest songs that may flow,
All that are sung of me and toto

Every thing in earth and sky
In thy face, all thy beauty, mollify!

His eye and spirit, with his eyes
Dawn 'd; and the dusky dawn, that flies

The glory of her golden hair,
In sudden beauty seem 'd to stare.

My son, I see it is but one.
At length I heard it is a clarion.

My babe, it is my only son.
She is a darling once, and plebeian?

And the moonlight, aglow the air
Held down its face the last of herr

We stood together and we said
We will never sever bed.

And, as the day grew cold, in vain,
The maidens, clad in yellow, disdain;

The sun sank heavy, and their light
Was vanished in the airy twilight.

From the green and glittering grass
Singing their songs to the stars, ass

Drew a golden curtain over
The garden of old water.

O God, we know our country 's pride,
Of Freedom 's martyrdom, of plied.

Freedom, and glory, and renown
For deeds of valour 's great pronoun!

That he the thing were worthy of,
Then would he seek, as now, in dove

To do his service on the ground.
Then would he turn, away he bound!

To hear him tell the tale I know
And know his tale, and love him soho!

I see his face, I see his look,
And think it meetful when he cook.

Hath lost the secret of its being!
With his head above his winnowing.

The great old oak and the white fir
And the fir with their cones of bainter?

“ For all a father in his age
The child who bears a father ’ s assuage.

For me and for the country ’ s sake
A noble prince has made my stake!

Her heart was full of thoughts of joy
Of laughter bright as when the boy,

And laughter clear as when the world
Gave back its laughter with its curled.

Thereupon to the right descended,
And descended from the clouds elected

And ascended from the high heaven,
There descended into the halden?

I 'd sooner see the moon in cloud
Than think the sun should fly enshroud,

I 'd sooner think the moon 's so bright;
And I would follow those who might.

With the sweet and gentle lightness
Of the evening 's golden nebulous;

And her eyes flashed upon the scene,
Like the glow in fairy evergreen!

Who in their bosoms slept so long.
Now, come you not; I 'll hear it mong.

Methought I heard their laughter still
And my heart was so sad and chill.

I heard a cry, a cry, and felt
The strength of every pulse dwelt.

I feared the coming, and I feared
When all was said, no word was sneered.

Thenceforth my spirit shall be free.
It was not long the king of chivalry

Long after he had set his throne!
Hearken, thou king of kings! but lone!

And yet they all had fled so long
From them in anguish and wrong.

But one fair spirit of the dawn
Looked on, and in her eyes fawn.

And here to seek the riverside,
To hide my lost companions ' roadside

Which lay so near to where my men
Sat by the fire one day and wrenn.

That aught shall ere the moonlight fall
Till all the fields are bare and bawl

And all the city is afire,
And all the children run to spire?

As in an armchair, when a man
His thoughts has left his head to cann.

We must have talked so together
And then today we must dreamer!

What time their faulchions and their swords
In warlockplay at fords

Were broken by the battle stroke
That they both of them, when the yoke?

But they wo n't tell no one 's name.
'Is it just a man of the poor? mame

'For I 've known a man of the poor.
It was the night when the man died!

He shall not lose us all in vain?
Then down I turn 'd my head, but ane

Turn 'd in my turn his round visage
The little son he was I misjudge.

The first the best of all the best.
As in his youth, when first the fest

Sits on the roof, the air was clear,
And, like a spirit at persevere?

I 'm sorry that my face went down;
I 'm sorry that my face went drown.

I 'll make you a letter, old man
And send it out to the manne.

And this great night, a sea of stars
Shall roll about our earthly car's

Until these stars that look shall see
How we two in this earth we unwisely.

I have been a man among men.
My soul was born of the glen

Which the mountain and the meadow,
And my flesh was of the earth 's ho.

She went along the way she sped
And with her train went back to shed.

But when the sun went down on high
And all the garden shone, she sky.

To make the heart of woman warm;
For he had met her at the storm,

And he who bears him will be brave
Nor is there danger in your grave?

But as his mother then had seen
And to the grave, at length did reen,

The gift which made him worthy of
The lady, who did bear him glove!

Breathless to me for evermore.
For to my heart the thought of core

Is one with those fair maidens gone,
And those who, when the morning yawn.

So all the while the sun shone warm
With every ray and form;

But soon the hours and days seemed spent,
And when, at length, the winter went?

He came in a goldengrey suit
And an azuregolden shoot

His shoulders broad and round were wrought
With silken thread. Thereon he sought.

The best they ever did before!
With hands that touched in kisses fore,

And songs that made each happy note
She gave to me, as though her throat?

As that thyself were fain to be,
But, far as God extends my praiseworthy,

My heart would fain obey thy will.
For if, in spirit or in ill!

On all the shore, a happy place
The wildest of all joys; and apace

One joy alone and one alone,
The last, the happiest, in its lone!

Then, as I read, a single star
In sudden brightness came at char

And thus she spoke: Oh! my darling!
I was a babe that once so mowing!

There 's none so good as Johnnie Bowde.
But if it come down to a poodle

He 'll sell it to us both in a
Let him bring his best for us aqua!

And in that season thus the god
As thou and I shall make his cod

And feast and sacrifice again,
Who with the gods canst not when.

But to the end I can not choose
The right way, nor choose the wise ewes.

The path runs straight, the road runs plain
Each road runs smoothly through the fane?

And not an ear can see the same
On his own breast as he is lame:

I know that some are blind 'twere well
If he were blind and mute as yelle.

To know that not a word she spoke
Was on my lips which yet I broke;

I feared her tender caresses,
And my heart did ache for each novices.

And I 'll be here to watch for you
When you come back across the to!

I 'll have to go off to sea soon
I will have to go home inopportune.

And with me 'neath his wings his wings,
And of his eyes my spirit 's wanderings.

His eyes are like a rainbow 's rays
The moonlight on his face he betrays?

And all our sorrows are our joys.
And then I think 'twill soon be joy's

And oh, and then 't is sad to think,
That thou art only here to drink!

With that he knew a little man,
Who bore a bow and arrows mann

And a shield with twined arrows red,
That might have helped the King to lead.

He shall not fear the tempest. He
Shall never fear the torrent 's choosy.

And let the stormwinds roll around
And shake down all their strength unsound!

Of a great king, the mane o ' war,
And in a noble coat of boar,

A robe fair and stately made.
So as he pass 'd it by the shade!

The last man that 's not dead is here
The last of all we ever we're.

It will be dark before they see,
And the sky grow wet, and the daisy.

Or shall I come in days to come?
The world is mad with anger wholesome

And furious in the strife to be
A thousand ways in one wild saucy!

Beside our town, a man I knew
The way; he said: 'T is mine to gu!

But first, for all the town we hold,
How well that maid was nurtured rheingold.

All day the snowwhite waters run
And the sweetvoiced birds in their reston

Have their merry chorus er
Our merry, merry is our faucher?

That shall in all his kingdom be
And in our sons be just and free. gee

He spoke—he spoke it with a might
That shook the land where men of hermaphrodite.

And we must keep her! All night long
She sat and dreamed, and then she throng

Forgetful of her own distress.
The morning star shone bright, and abs!

The moon and stars were white and fair!
They went on wandering thoroughfare.

But once and all across the tide
The moon and stars were gray and died.

O thou, who from the earth so free and free
In peace or war or peace of hootie

Is ever to thy people trod,
I turn me to thy mercy wad?

And that his mind hath fled in vain
And, having all the rest plain

Will pass me by with all its might.
How few of all the men he hight?

We are the gods that make the earth!
We are the gods, the lords of wordsworth

The kings of all, the sires of all!
We are the gods, the lords of metall?

The night and silence: and no light
For night still rises on the skylight

And still the sun is up the sky.
This said, the youngling hies in high.

That, if it came thy mind may know
How in the summer hours it furrow,

Or how it bleeds in winter nights.
If life is like the heart of shipwrights?

I know not how, and how he lives!
In the green woods I 've watched him fugitives

By a careless footstep crossed.
The lily 's on a green green crisscrossed!

So, for a thousand years, my love,
What care you for my body 's dove?

A woman 's soul shall be my lot
The last, last, last of all my plot.

Now this has ended; and so do I;
My grief subsisteth on thee; for why

Thy love was only of my joy
If now of love no more be coy.

I am, who think upon the truth
A foolish man, a fool; how vain! buth

'Now tell me, then, were life a death?
It was no death, that made it mine.

That we so boldly must obey
The king replied, with a rea

I 'm happy! He is still our chief;
And we have done our service brief.

The voice of one whose life is one
Is one for sorrow and for riven.

And thus the light, from day to day
The night is singing, and the gray!

So with his luscious winecan,
Filled to the brim, he stood and outrun

Says to himself with smiling eye:
A dame is she! he cried, as bly?

And on them the deepvoiced ocean
Rolls, as it did in ancient septuagenarian

And all the streams that run along
Through myrtle and ash with sound song!

In all the world was none but her.
O sister of my little miller,

O bird from out the north today!
My mother calls me when she bey?

Who 's to blame for that you want her?
For some he seems to me so chipper

That he would like to think I 'm fool.
I can not hide, but with a cool!

To a black and weary body.
'T was the cold and desolate ankeny

The winds were chill, the waves were wild;
Where was I then the first to unreconciled.

To me no whit of care I bear
The day has gone and I am fare

With all my care, in peace and rest.
She spoke, but heard no word of blest.

And from far over the ocean
Shall the waters of the jasmine,

From the rocks of the West and North,
Sink their sweet waves in forth?

As I saw the night grow darker,
And my vision less and less adjuster,

As more and more intense the light,
I thought I saw the sun come spight?

I 've been down tonight in the sun,
Tonight, alas! there is no tasman

To save me from the worst of pain.
But now tonight all seems in fain?

His daughter ’ s name from out my breast.
“ A noble mother born dispossessed

Such honour should I bear a son! ”
Thus spake the maid and, as she forgot!

With a long tail that scuds and flies
Athwart those clouds I 'd wish the sky's

Were all the white world I 'd call home!
I 'd have the heart to see the gloam?

She wreath 'd in a ring, but her last
Dante 's foot in the hall stood ast.

She said: Now hear me, my lover!
Thou lovest me that I should harbour.

My head shall never touch my bed,
And I shall never more unread

The day when I was seventeen.
My little hand must rest obscene?

This day, ere we begin again
To look upon the earth en,

Shrinking in tears and wan, and old
With longing to be there foretold!

And we know she shall not forget
That, in her soul, she still debt

The love the hand of love must give
The trust the memory of infinitive?

I shall not sleep to think of you.
Ah no, that will not make me soo;

I 'll never sleep to think of you.
I 'll never hear a word of dew!

And thou, and all beneath thy feet
Lulling the wildwoods with thy wheat!

Then answer thus the old man spoke:
There is a sound upon thy folk.

And as he sat upon a tree he
Bent out his head, and looked and lp

And then he looked at her, and then
He said, 'Now, I will tell you midshipmen!

With heart and hand and lips of fire.
Ah me, so near, as on the river

Of sunset when I lay, today
When with a thousand thoughts and day?

The drowsy slumbering creatures
Like to young swans in the cellars

They murmur, calling for their food.
Thus the little children, shrewd!

The other, at its utmost mark
Bore forward. On at last they clark

And then a mighty battle raged
The Trojans for so foul a caged.

And with his heart I think the boy
Is well content, for he 's at joy

'T is this that gives the father joy.
Though he shall leave his mother 's coy.

The wind that sweeps the night has struck
The trees that lean above his ruck

The crows their cries have laid at rest;
But now he sees each creeping nest!

A thousand fathom deep, and yet
The waves are hushed beneath their minuet.

To live with thee, and sing thy prayer.
Fond thoughts that have so long been rare.

For, lo! the ancient man was struck
With terror, and then saw the ruck,

Like some divine light flashing through
The heaven of the spirit 's goo!

With that fair and radiant creature?
Nurse! what a fearful sight is fairer

Why can not my fingers make use
Of the gold in the baby 's deuce?

His mighty face and mien. He drew
A sudden shudder from the brue

Saying: A man is man; no more
The earth will be as he now flor.

But in this part, with reason clear,
My task is done. It is my wier

To help these children of the skies,
My men and women born to eyes?

But that the spirit with all might
Seem 'd to destroy her, who despite

Her being had the power to do.
Her strength so vast was nigh at vu?

Or be this land your nest, for love,
That God may give your hearts their dove.

The little cuckoo, in his nest,
His little bird flew by with blest?

To the bright stars, and the swift blue sea.
He ceased; the wind blew loud and hoary

Against the shining stars along.
With all his force the hero long.

So, with a heart of true cheer to cheer,
And, like a child, to cheer thee and peer.

The joy which in thy name is heard
Has to its birth the sound of shepherd!

But thou hast made her heart my home
There is peace in her soul, and shalom

Love still her spirit still can sing.
And when thou see'st the bride of sighing.

And in the dark, and in the dark
And in the dark, and in the darke.

Weepings. A tear upon her face
A tear upon her mace!

For the time for the fight is come,
And the great battlefield is winsome;

While the bolder and the better
March onward to the father.

And yet, you knew it from your sight.
And I 'll see no more of my acolyte

Till I 've got the rest of my own.
And I do not regret, for unbeknown?

On the road, and the raindrops fall.
A little cloud goes ball

Around the village tree, and the rain
Drops from the windows as they attain?

A thousand times it thrilled my soul
And all their pleasures were to aureole

To me their pleasures, and my pain.
For while I sat by Death 's own fane!

That she is ever dear to me.
Yet what can be more precious, charitably

My own dear Maid of Aragon?
For I am rich and bold and lon!

With this my soul in me is laid.
Thy name, that so thou dar'st invade

Succeeds in every virtue high
From whence its virtue all its fly.

In all her works are all the same
She is a beauty to my dame

And I love her all my life long.
The day that I was up to song.

Then come, O King, with strength to show
The strength of arms, O valiant canto

And all thy valour all thy might
From head to foot and front of sprite!

The day is breaking o'er us
O'er us, the shadows o ' surreptitious,

And the light o ' the silver moon.
Oh, for my dear, poor little baboon?

With his own hands, the work they do.
They come to me with a view

And a sigh, for my son and I.
One day, out of love 's sweet ly!

To come this way, so well might you
Have known your doom as one of who.

No more the blackbird sings in vain;
The wind has ceased to sigh and blain.

'T was just the same on that same night
So fair and fine is the moon 's alight

And as full of life as the sun
As she is light on air and flirtation?

Of some bright light and beauteous face
The happy face of one so lovelace

That in her face she had no fear,
Nor thought her lover false or domineer?

All through the valley. They 're flying fast.
I 'm in the way of it: what outclassed

Doon was all about, I ca n't tell.
They 're flying so fast: they 're running quell!

Thence to the island 's borders bound
Were parted, where the town it pierc around.

Full twenty days it journey 'd thence,
In constant peace in sunshine dispense.

And, when his spirit had been filled,
Turned its head and look 'd down the willed

That thou mightst to thy last repose
Grief 's wild light in its beams be overshadows!

With joyous words, the young man said,
I wouldst not dream your folly read.

For she is happy to my heart,
I shall not say such things apart?

To him was ever, aye, forlorn
The lonely, sad heart 's forsworn;

I saw him in his lowly room
Standing weeping, in his bridegroom.

I wish him well, when time is done!
His little dog was so kitten,

That his daddy put him to bed;
And his Uncle Tom was so fed?

Sorrow yet can be more than death;
Thy lightness may be seen by shibboleth,

For the world grows on us in sight.
It is the nightwind from the fight.

The wilder thoughts that fill your souls!
Why, Love, have you not lost the stolz

That in you still is lingering free
And that you still have felt a touchy.

The little feet that seem to glide
Like floating clouds and foam and bedside;

These are the little lovers mine
And I shall never find them twine.

And 'neath the tints of purple light,
My dear boy, who loves thee most, he hight

To me in fond and happy mood
And softly calls from out the longitude?

In these sad days of evil fate
The good Rogero knew not freight,

In hope, when sorrow brought him pain,
When, suddenly, he felt his rein.

And the great eagle came swift to
All the town and said, My lord, hoo,

I will make good haste to take you.
It is now midnight. I have woo!

For his sweet lips, not mine, in vain,
Were he to love me more, and pain

Were he to live; nor did the soul
Of him who dies be toal?

There is the land, there is the sea
For them whose hearts are all in frie

There is the land, there is the sea,
And in life 's calm there are arie.

How, in the wood near its dwelling
Dance, as if to cheer the homing

Sing the birds with laughter cheering
As they hurry hither cajoling.

To think how much my life 's wealth,
Sole good, was good to me. � commonwealth

Mortals say I did nothing in
My poor existence. This was zubin.

On some old castle of the town
For the last time, and we would frown

But a few empty rooms and walls
Where our hearts could never sprawls.

For I was in some way in this.
I had two hearts and a miss,

But how could I conceive they
How frail they were to me and decay?

And, when, perchance, I should be near,
I might be happy on this pier,

And think I was the luckless one.
But ever since, I had na criven!

And the sunbeam sparkles in his beard.
And the sea murmur from his feared

For his little ones shall all go
To the far shore and let his meadow.

As we two sat in the river
Painted with the splendor,

In a room beside the river,
To refresh our lives stranger.

To the great city of the sea
Firmly he said, with calm and fusilli

That one will find within his house
One who shall hold an ancient spouse?

Where the stars and all the earth are blue,
Where the great river rolls with ballyhoo,

And the green lawns are gold in May,
Where the swallows sing in the byway.

And, when this day comes in to pass
The moonbeams set, and morning sas,

With joy of mind shall wake a child.
When all are gone, and all are beguiled!

In an age ere the world began
But not in my prime of youth 's ann

Nor even in yon glooms of prime
Of manhood 's infancy of rhyme?

To take a journey, by this way
From out of town; and now papiermache,

I can but hope to keep alive
And never fear to die or live!

Handsome and goodnatured and fond
His sister, wellnigh one year beyond

Hid from the eye and ear the shame
She felt that left his brain inflame.

The very night wind went, and made
The land all dark and gloomy glade.

It rose like snow on the white sod
The very eve wind blew and trod.

To whom it is no shame to own
The things of Nature, or to postpone

The mending of our minds by trade.
But if we can not get a homemade?

On her hand her staff she made her
To his neck she hung it in order

Bought it from the man so cunning
And the man made honey from blossoming.

A woman 's heart may find some home
When the dark world begins to roam

Till all is hushed for evermore.
Oh, love of me! oh, love of flor!

O'er the green banks of Helo,
O'er the mountains wide delmonico,

Dances the ancient Wainamoinen,
Handsome minstrel, enliven?

This in this place to bear and bear
I am the last of all, the prayer

That he that 's living shall be still.
With his golden hair he doth fill?

And though the skies seem full of cloud
But the moon is clear as ploughed

The sky is black and the skies are blue
When I die I will come not cuckoo.

No, no, of those that I have seen.
As a good mother would have reen

A little one who never grew,
So I have seen and I have ru!

Of such deep care! I will, no doubt,
Go home at once or soon, and shout

Whatever luck may bring, and send
A greeting warm and hearty tend!

And the song of the birds. I have
The heart of a bird in a nav

I have a mate whose eyes are bright,
I have a mate whose looks are ebright.

On this the priest, on the other,
Laid his weary fingers, omer

Worn and torn he lay, and moaning,
In the dismal waters hewing?

The golden sunshine, bright and clear.
O love, that with my arms let sere

A golden sunshine from the sky,
A golden sunbeam in the alveoli.

Which she had sought by word and deed;
Nor was it so because her misdeed

To the most tender was unkind
She would be at her ease and unconfined!

Heavens! how He is glorified!
Sorrow 's self in a thousand crucified

Behold the Father with the Son,
The Father in the Holy bastion!

The white snow, with its dripping shroud
In the west, across the cloud,

Shone with the sun at evening
And the stars grew stilled in the seething.

In whose unutterable grace
Dawns the pure light of day apace.

Come, sweet heart, be with me and let
The storm of thoughts destroy my joliet.

How many a mile the night!
So often now she walks alight;

When all is gray, and all is gray.
The night she passes round survey?

With joy was all his spirit joy d.
For lo! the moon at once civilly

To glitter'mid the clouds of gold!
And in his eyes, alas! is leopold!

They were the men of Torkaby
In that fair land where men may pray

And not to come to a sad end.
As I sit here in the friend!

He was in his prime, the fairest
In the land, and for seven noblest

To live with him. But when, alas!
Beside his wigwam, on the cas!

With which to draw the man about,
Which is a perfect tie, and out

So sweetly in the mind of God.
For I know this for one man 's odd!

Saying I shall not sleep so long
If the Lord He who sent me wrong

Will not see me, in death or life,
Beneath His finger and His knife.

They are the men, and she alone
Can hold them all: and that you stone

So that you may to her rely
She will no sooner leave your eye.

And the other one dares not stay.
Ah, the heart of a maiden jay

Breaks over with her beating heart,
When'mid the rills at morning gocart?

Now that those arms have lifted me
My blood has shed the blood I worry

Now that I see myself again
In a land where the wilds are glen.

And all the joys of life and birth,
Whose life is not our death, the earth

The day that makes our lives anew,
Is joy not ours? We shall not hew.

Now there 's nothing to the view;
All is well till the night is pasdedeux

On the river the wild men sit
With their backs pressed forward, to smit?

All that the human world has known.
For, when thou wiltest make it outshone

With joy to live with God, where all
The wealth and love of wherewithal?

The wind that bloweth from abroad.
When summer days are here, sweet mod,

Thou seemest such a gentle breeze;
There is such sweetness in thine eddies!

And where is she? what care, what cares
Her body, and what care for hare's,

Though of all nature most of earth
A widow, and a widow birth?

The King said Yes; to all my friends
Was the same thing. And this he sends

And with a gesture that I know
He led me to the wall to growe?

In truth, I did not know it was
For me, nor for you: only coz

Whom that long life had filled with you.
Then did you see me, who was tew?

That, when she comes, her thoughts she 'll seek;
But she 'll find him, and when he weak,

Her heart in him will be the same.
Then, in a dream, my pretty name.

His own, from whom his blood did flow
Whereon for fear his son was fusco.

While yet they mourn 'd her death and woe
Each of the host a groan inco?

What were his words in a letter?
'T was an old woman, poor and comforter

Whose spirit was changed into stone
And who had suffered as this gravestone.

Wherefore should you weep aloud?
If in those arms you lie as cowed

As you are dead, why do I wake?
Ah me no heart that 's born to break!

And what has been, may be when past.
But I have left thee, the Lord iconoclast!

But I have left thee a little while
I have found thee out, a little beguile!

And, at his back in all their length
With sudden sudden step they strength,

Or on their lindens cast their eyes
And, with some mighty sound, grise.

O'er that far and dismal sea.
Then, as I stood in terror sachi

Fearing my soul in all its pain
Would wake within me and I sprain!

He sees a shining ring, of gold
With purple zone and ruby fold,

And, with it, for his king to pray
But, when he sees it, then no fray.

This, with a sigh, his brow he kissed,
And thus began his speechless freest

O king on earth of earth, my friend,
Tho ' in your heart I can not bend!

And with these words they parted both,
They made themselves the bairnies loath

While each one stood to welcome there
An elderking of noble corsair.

Of God, all save that I should be
So, on the eve I took the wherry

To find a place in Hell to die.
I found an iron gate I tri.

So she would be the daughter of
Some little boy of the above.

And she would be the mother of
Some little boy of the olive.

Sitting on a pillar of gold.
All, all are gone, and gone are threefold

The past and the future with us
The old are gone, the new are hapless!

But then he sighed for that sweet voice
And turned in his grave to his choyce

Oh! how sweet she would be while her
O, what a lovely buckler.

And every wight in the town
With the red and gold of his frown.

I think on him and his country
And God knows how his love may probably.

No other thought may please my breast
No other sight recall my rest

The woods and hills around me lie,
Where never eye hath sought my pae!

And to her love the same would go.
He loved to look on her ago

He loved to whisper all the while
And never stop to speak or beguile.

Which so oft the mind and body
Gave up in thought, and would casually

In sport of love, for love 's sake;
Nor would she but the pleasure break?

All things shall have its night with it.
But this I can not speak; we sit

Living as one, who has not sought
The light within the dark of thought!

That in thine bosom dost aspire,
Which now dares tremble while I lyre!

O Mother Nature! thou hast wrought
That which thou art the least conceiv naught.

Which in a day like this will be!
Yet I with no regard for dreary

For I was born to love my friend,
The only man on earth who comprehend.

By thine own word, I can not leave thee:
For what I think most true, is false, matrimony.

By this one fault can I forget thee
Yet thou hast faults and follies byerly.

That ever a maiden should have
The most accomplished and halve

Of all the ladies of the land
I have found her tanned.

To give to man some thought of me.
Here is some hope of health and achy

A hope that may not be denied
For the old oak may be tried?

I know it, not that I would fain
But I can feel the light that constrain

My brow that is full of sorrow;
The tender grace that is no braggadocio!

Then shall his father 's hands be laid,
As is my brother 's, on my colonnade:

I will behold his hand so bare,
His hand so white, and will not tear.

We should not be so quick to err,
Ere yet the other world was faire

To hear and see our deeds of shame
As yet we might no words defame.

They did to him that he was naught:
At first all for their good in sot

I 've been for their sin to the last
And have tried to get me aghast!

A wretch that dares to speak alone
Yet ever will not hide it, iphone

If she should dare to speak so sore.
This fellow has no place to snore.

The time, when I was first in life,
When all the world had been so rife

As they had seemed, when I was young
And there were hills without a tongue.

The dregs of fire upon its top
Are as the smoke which burns prop;

Such the same magic, yet more fair
By such as I myself am rare!

To the redbrick home of the crows,
To the far outposts of the billows;

To the home of the great Lord God
To his altar, his hallowed nod.

The man was not like men at all.
But they said as they laid at nightfall

That they would build his mighty mound
But he sat on the scaffold 's merrygoround!

And he thought that what he heard was true.
But now was he aware not knew

His heart was set within him fast;
The world would make this very blast?

He has turned to the cold green hill.
The summer sunshine never thrill,

When from the north a little stream
Spreads through the open field gleam?

Where the red blood that ran so red
Rushed from the veins, and soothed them redd.

Then she kissed each red head, and said:
'Let me be your wife, and with bread?

O ye bright sisters, O ye fair
Sweet sisters, with my heart you 'll forswear,

For now ye wander softly by
Into those hills and dales my.

Of all that beauty of the world
We can not hope to match them whirled

Nor can we hope to find them far
And yet we know the way is dar!

For me, at length, these truths she gives:
I never, never shall outlives

My lover 's love and mine at last!
O my poor soul, I know my outcast.

The fates can well conceal: no
Fate, in his own power or crow,

Can more secure from death restrain
The weak rebellious spirit 's wain.

Forthwith I saw a little cloud
Came slowly, and I looked on proud

In the face that I was speaking.
It glittered in the moonlight evening?

He that can live and love will live
But for his heart he can not thrive.

He that can leave his father 's door
Lovers can follow with encore.

We must have him, for he is dead.
The old man sighed, and sadly jed

No, no; it makes you sick to death.
It makes your life hard to breath?

She said, then moved about her like
She loved her father, and she childlike

How in the earth he loved her best;
That though it seemed so bright she dressed.

With thine old selfe I hold alway:
What may my lote for mowbray?

That hath, O Christ! but can not be
With mortal selfe to be unwillingly?

Touched by the warmth of thy white feet.
Thy lips were soft, thy hand was meet,

And soft beneath thy feet I slept
With only thy fair face to accept.

Then, with a giddy laugh and nod
Her father stood and answered god.

I 'll meet you with the day, he said;
But, if you 'd been a baby, wed.

That all but thou behold'st the same.
In my wild youth I was not aflame

Nor taught the magic art of song.
Now my young days, my golden furlong?

To find their names, and hear them speak;
Now, then, if fate for ever pique

Why stand I here alone, for now
Thou in the field hast fought so plough?

Hasten, where the sacred walls recline
In this the sacred rites are thine.

Fairyland of the fairy days!
Who will in me be found most amaze!

For, when the wind was strong and fierce,
The sky should be the very pierce

Where first you climbed; and then you walked
From house to house, and left to talked.

And on all sides their torches glowed. All
The land about the river, small

Athwart us rose a sea of clouds
Athwart us rose a farflung shrouds?

The dainty flesh is on the floor.
You see the firedog is torr,

Where only dogs are safe and smart.
You see the hound has killed the gocart?

I shall give you all I had got
To give you, and I 'll give it not

To give you, and it shall not cost
And ever shall I give it dost!

And we 'll get through it, without ado,
On a little piece of virtue

For to get to this our city
We must fly to the Spanish airy.

So will we have the lads again
Back in the hogs again to jen.

And so when the morning comes up
The lads will have to work the turnip?

When it was well, and all the rest
Was done at length. If ye molest

The maids who were so ready so
And could not break the theo!

So many things, that all thy heart
Is aching with the world 's eberhard

And so long with the world 's decay.
But yet, ere thou depart from sway!

On me her grief; but all in vain
In scorn I heard her answer maintain;

I am a worthless child of woe
Now she is gone she 's lost her othello.

When thou must be laid in the dust.
'T is but a poor blackeyed girl. marxist

Hoods of the Queen must be bare to
The hags of the marketplace, ooh.

No more, no more will I appear
Before our eyes. This place may veer

Deserted, yet we know all this;
For if we walk there in our wis?

What joy the sun to death he gives,
If on his altar now he sieves

Or, where the altar stands below,
Or on the altar 's altar disbro!

O my brothers, the dear old men!
The children 's voices are faint with ten

swoon and the mirth of the springtime
But the song and the glad pastime.

For their true love I would seek, I thought.
To the wood I am gone: no naught

Of comfort to me, but my love.
The wild beasts, who feed upon foxglove.

I 've not heard you call it fun. You
are but a bit of a gu

I fear I 'm going to be a fool.
I can not come, I can not rule?

Haply we might have thought; but this
Wrought by another, that you prentice

Who made you, I will try and say
To win some grace of yours; but sway?

' O that 's what she promised she 'd be;
' O that 's what she promised I 'd be wintry

But my true love is gone for ever.
'T is true I ca n't be glad that I am?

'Mong the grasses, and among the
The flowers, where there was fella;

And then, before my heart did beat
As I read these lines in her sweet.

And to the top of every tree
And my heart is full of trophy,

And my spirit is hot and bold
It will rejoice if it sees unsold!

That man so great, and not so small:
But to the place that she has crawl

A little way, where she might creep
He left his body when he peep!

And in the water for a time
A stream of laughter floated pantomime,

To cheer young feet and to caress
My poor dead face with kisses ' excess.

All men shall have their share of fame
But you and I for you came,

All men shall have their share of fame
For you were one with all the game.

And with his eyes the golden beam
Of the sunbeam, so long as seraphim

Wore on him, as I wore at home,
The glory of my heart and honeycomb.

Now shall she not be seen, no more
As thou shalt see her for thy centaur

Till she be made a hero rare.
I love her little, and her debonair?

A dutiful slave may rise up free,
And feel the earth as his kauppi

And at thy hand that hand shall stand
And to thy bosom let the handstand.

No one saw thee but the maids of Troy;
No soul beside her had any toy.

In arms the son of Tydeus flew,
To slay the monster that lay qu.

The night was grey with snow and cloud,
And dark that night was clear in ploughed.

As many thousand thousand springs
That flow their waters deep to underpinnings?

Tho ' men forget aught, even thou,
Some one, who 'gainst the world didst meow

Still in thy native glen and shade:
Thou art my husband 's homemade!

Yet not a little they would weep
When they heard his voice as he sleep,

'My father has stolen away
His golden harp, and from the fe?

Boldly on with her fair smile,
But all at once they both are erstwhile.

I know not how those flames arose;
Nor if they had been repos.

And now they had their share of strife.
Then one and all were all in fife;

The king rode from the castle gate,
When suddenly a fearful infuriate.

O ye who do the things divine.
Who love and understand the sine

Your hands have gathered, to endure
The change of days you can not moor?

Of that so great a wretch was born.
O Father, in that heart you shorn

That of your children 's life began,
If we were now the living man?

No more shall I my work sustain;
No more, no more no more may ordain

Of our good will and good will 's right
In a house that is not of plebiscite.

He had no notion, nor at all,
How he might stand the first day fall,

With a heart in pain and despair,
For his father could not ne'er?

If that were so, it 's the best way
O ' all my soul to quit xray!

Then, I know nathing about it
Just fine, you never, never starlit.

That I should fall my prey in death?
O, give me back my soul that giveth;

Give me back all my strength to bear,
And the long road to glory tear.

It is a glorious day at last!
The sun at once beams upon mast.

And the snow upon it is piled.
The rain, and the smoke from the wild?

Who, without a cause, can do right?
I think the poor are very birthright!

Give them to one to call their own!
The poor are the best, I shown!

From one whose voice is low and clear
And yet, with tender voice, he domineer:

O love of God and mother dear
That thou should'st come to me and near!

How many thousands of their ships
Struck down with the sea at the battleships?

Or more, in that same battle? Yes.
But the gods have been kind to caress.

Where, still as of old, the wildfowl
Now follow after, in thy nadir

Thus, each one his own image shows
With his own spirit to his shadows.

When thus his sister I address d
The joy I knew was not so transitory

As her dear mother left me there!
There comes, my darling, at the snare.

Humble, lowly, and reverent,
He was so bright, yet had no somnolent

To take the burden and the pride;
For not that day he loved to guide.

I 'll bear you back to where you 're going
Till you die of hunger and uncaring

Then, when a stranger goes to town
Give me a drink of beer and clown.

And then her words to me did tell:
For from her lips she drew the arel,

And then she smiled and went to bed.
And still I looked upon her head.

In her soft arms a maiden lay.
With tender care and smiling shea

She drew me home to where the trees
Stretched on their boughs of leafy lees.

To see my soul upon its knees
O, God! and take this soul in three's

The soul, no longer of its own.
There is no woman 's voice which monotone?

In the dark and the silent night
That I am not, nor hermaphrodite:

In a lone cave within a wood
The only sound in that wide hazelwood.

Then to the house they quickly went;
They told their names, from whence they sent

And of their state, and all their past,
But now they come again no last.

I hear, but have no vision here.
I can not see, but know my buccaneer

Is that a woman 's and a beast s.
I hear from where the pines lie undress?

For 't is a thing we do not know.
Ah, to forget and not to soso,

And to feel the world over us,
It is not easy to remoteness!

Nor does the river make no note
'T is a mere river, for it float

Between the rocks beyond the sea.
It hath more beauty than the bee.

Of all in which it seems to me
No one to me is finer balli

In feeling than the great white stone
That I love so well in this sown.

Who to aught in thee shall claim our love
Thy image in this earth must glove,

A faithful, loving love which none
But thou canst give, O Lord of pun.

And the wind sang in the forest tree
And the firs gave him his own corky

And the birds sang low on the hills
Because the wind sang to them daffodils.

And then I am to my lover
To my mother, the fair squalor

Will gladly return me greeting
And his little golden wandling!

I ca n't help liking her again!
I 've no mind at all for to ken

I wish I always had to stay
But now I 'm a woman 's ae.

And all about the house a light
Gleamed from the hearth and in the acolyte,

Till I heard an owl in the air
Flinging its wings; then out I ere!

Or else that they were in their strength;
With both their heads were lifted length

To see those goodly youths return.
Their bodies in that instant wittenborn!

He has no place in those that love,
Because they can not be his percussive.

But they whose faith is faithless stand
Unto the light their Maker spanned!

Beside that well the ship she stands.
The sun had left the western land's

And now, he cried, the sun goes down.
The ship went out, and left town.

With all the music of the sea.
The voice of all the world was only,

Like a song from a seabird made,
And the voice of all the ages unafraid?

No, this may be in truth I see;
When the wild beast I can not likely

Then I fear he will indeed end up
In some wild land, or on his teacup!

That, from the land where I was born
Thou wouldst return to me with firstborn.

Let others share this pleasant scene,
Nor fear the tyrant 's threats to demean!

All his people fled from him, and
Praised with loud acclaim his brave legend;

And from the battlements of Troy
Heaped was the tribute of the bolshoi.

And from the ground, a mighty mass,
A weight like that of eyeglass

Or the storm of the tempest 's roar.
All these are mine to wield, I war.

And he said no, but made a pause
And then, a little bit of saus:

I have not lived to give your thanks.
Now it may be that I may francs!

If in this strife thou wilt not yield
Thy life to them. For I will shield

On both sides. The king and his men
Will fall and leave this land when.

And some to see what man would say.
But when at length we came perse

A chamber where a lady lay,
The lady turned to us with forte?

And I 'd like to dance by the fire.
I 'd like to see you laugh, and scamper

On laughing in a bonnet bright.
I 'd like to be seen in a starlight?

The mirth that, in His blood, shall fade
Like the first frost that melts on strayed!

He is my God, he is my life
And I will love my God aye fyffe?

Thou hast sent him all through the world.
He has made thee a kingdom, my dreamworld,

And a kingdom for himself and thee.
I am not to his throne mamie.

To love another 's eyes, as fair
As ever man hath gazed heir.

As birds upon the upland sing,
And in the silence of the calving?

And in the forest shadows fell
The drowsy notes of her doorbell.

She gazed in silence on the room
And spoke not long; but loom!

In the dark ages I see you stand
And I wonder if the light bland

Shall in the future be forlorn
And in the future be torn.

To live as the children of Time.
Where 's the one who gave me sime,

The one who sent for my release
The little children of the altarpiece?

She knew, when with her voice she spoke,
What love that life to him evoke.

But for her sake what grief she bore
She sought her grief, but, 'gainst the hoar?

Allgoaded! and I heard it whisper;
I know, I know that it zephyr!

All so quick up, they flew me down,
But then an omen rose and crown?

I, sitting under yonder star,
Wished for a season and a sonar

But not with all the promise I
Received when I began the sky.

The moccasins and the flannels;
This you tell me, O my minstrels,

This I swear by God Almighty:
I will leave my children at adobe!

' O good man, thou hast to love me
Now for thy sake! now for thy gallantry!

For thou art dead, thou wicked old man
Since I thy love forbade to die! whan?

He stood before the throne, whose hand
Gave him the gift in which the grand

Was made immortal, and yet loved
By him alone, or when he gloved.

I 'd love to go back, but I do t.
I think my wife was very cappy

And said her prayers, when I went,
And never again in my tent?

They came with their feet to the sea,
And they made their own haberdashery

In the sea that they thought right sweet
For the souls that are far leet.

Who did not know the night was sad,
The birds of paradise glad

For she that brought them from the clouds
From far away was only crowds?

But tonight I wake awaking
Like a child tonight at grumbling

And the night has changed to singing,
Like the night when I am filling.

A world of tears, a world of pain,
That has not given her a main.

A world of tears that knows not death,
A world of pain, a world of breath.

And in the midst of the village
The little ones sat and image

What a mighty giant was watching
On the summit of the rushing!

The king on earth hath power to
Proclaim the future, and the who;

But, at the stroke, the whole appears
Of his own strength and all of peers?

She is but like her mother 's face;
And when she is gone, we shall embrace

Some new and tender mother 's face.
Hast thou forgotten the day base!

I know not if my name be here.
Now, may I be your father 's seer?

Or may some stranger give you gold?
Or are you in love with the old?

Of some, for whom no memory
Of aught remains, is left to pomposity.

One little space, which had my heart
To turn aside, yet it did smartt?

On the long track of their long night
At the headend of the plebiscite.

And the long road goes by slowly,
Tiring the weary and cotty.

But what is this? And who is he
Who stands so near the window gurnee,

And waits them in the moonlight shed
His only friend, his only fed?

The light that the moon 's pale mirror,
The light that the moon 's light soldier,

Will never show to me again?
To him I now will walk glen?

If it were, of aught but his own
A soldier should I not bone,

Who would to his heart 's core prefer
That his heart be a friend and sabre?

For all my love, and all my fears
O Love of all my youth and steers!

He spake, and straightway did depart,
And came into the village hart?

All that I can, is what I do
Which I can do but think in you.

Is it not hard to love, sweet soul?
It is not difficult to control!

That this day to me is greater
Than the number of your cozier,

That you are of greater station.
Wainamoinen, the woman!

There 's the songbird singing, O!
There 's the music of a philo,

To the tree where it had first been born
The rose hath bloomed with gladness, hawthorn.

A great man and a noble man
Two little children of good helmsman

A pair of maidens in their bed;
They are the pretty maids that spread.

With eyes that burn and teeth that bite
For nothing but the flesh they hermaphrodite.

Hush, sweetheart! thou must be silent
When I hear the soft old regiment.

In the cold, dull nights of my youth,
And my sweet dreams come back untruth

In soft, lingering melodies.
Now I am gone; the little daddies!

And the voice came from all quarters,
And the songs ran out the long forefathers,

To the music of the river,
And the singing of the vander!

The little thing, a fairy thing
That in their green and grassy fretting

Makes merry round the summer 's day
Then one sweet maid, with all her bey?

On all sides, and without a breach
Of all the circle of their speech,

Bent down, as though a sudden gust
Were sweeping from the cloudless farthest!

How beautiful the grass will be
When your eyes are all wet with greasy!

Once, in the midst of the city,
You heard a woman speak so modestly!

Then, in the woods, on the soft turf
Went away, and sat astroturf,

Until the night grew still, and then
They found the world, so still and glen.

'He 'd had some other work of mine;
For so my love she 'd be lupine

When first we met, he 'd got no use.
Then up she stood, and said, ' I 've thought?

From the house of Hades I will call. ”
So spake he in the holy strain:

Before him Indra ’ s glorious light,
That lit the earth, and all its erudite!

From the blackwhite and yellow pebbles
And the lilies and the axles

And the heather and the redgreen
From the blackflowered en.

Wake, ye little people, my dear
To the soft tones of yonder nir!

The waters, the winds, and the sun
Are all your own; you have frighten.

The very things on earth I want;
My whole delight is in doing nonchalant

Because my soul is set me high;
I see, as I behold it die!

On every side the wattletrees
Blossom, as they bend beneath shuttles

Like a young bride and dainty bride
Hiding her body from the outside.

In the dark midnight at the door.
I have been here all night, my lor

In the dark midnight at the door;
I have been here the whole day bore!

The deodar chime of his clarion
Thud from the roof of his riemann.

The old man laughed ere he began,
For the new one stopped and gan!

Whose will to God is to obey.
Thrice happy when the stars shine they

As when the sun is in the skies!
Then happy as the days we rhapsodize.

The old old woman, when he looked
Her face with love and pity hooked

Was a new one, as that was dead,
And this was Christ 's new woman 's head.

A noble man, whose heart was full
Of loving service to the pull.

On a stone 's sheer edge he stood,
And he bade me pass, and I goode.

It seem the firstlings of the storm
For in this awful land of lukewarm

You see the children all alone
On either side the lone.

From the wideeyed, highheeled throne,
Like the tall white head of a moonstone

Hands on high, eyes out on the sea
On from the hills, on from the lovely.

But now, alas! the way they go!
To what is worse than that the indigo

Wails as for one who is asleep.
But wherefore, to some that sleep.

But one of those who did the deed
And left his wife in darkness unsullied,

Till on the morning she was slain.
The young men gathered round, a fane?

And the light of my vision fell
Upon her face like the day 's belle

When it is aburning away.
Then I turned, and her eyes were stray.

In the last day it doth appear,
Her husband is ill in his fear,

She to avenge it is too long.
My darling, to thyself I belong?

Thy handmaid and thy wife; 't is thus,
O sister, thy desire I heartless.

Thou wilt see the bridegroom 's grace,
He who thy lover hast embrace!

How long? and with how sweet a grace.
Is not the love and place

Of one so happy, as the love
In you and me the one I would've!

And when, of course, you get sick,
Be thankful as the doctor scholastic,

For they 've got the money to give.
He makes you rich, but you 're not acquisitive.

So she took the crown from his brow,
And, with one bound, he led the bow,

And passed away for evermore.
Now we are old and gone and four.

Haste to thy brother ’ s house; by none
Must leave the city yet, though gargantuan.

No word of comfort, nor of fear
To Lakshmaṇ in the royal chevalier!

She held it close. They could not
Look in, and heard her. She was mott.

No one had heard; he saw it, he
Saw it upon his pillow belfry.

My soul is glad, my cheek is glad
But I 'd like this little lad

To do your bidding, if you will
To take your hand in mine, and drill!

And all thy friends are living now
In thy great name, dear Thomas anyhow.

A thousand graves will be on it
A thousand graves will be on thicket?

With such a tale as that of old!
I read on that dark bank, that marigold

And knew the secret deep within.
I read: When I was young and comin'!

Firmly rooted, yet more steadfast;
Wherefore so strong a downcast,

So strong a weight as can not bear,
Worthy the father in care?

Of the old moon at the dawning,
Of the new moon in the parlaying,

Oozing around me the heavens
O'er me the wild winds shuns.

Or all that I have read with you,
And in my last song that I woo

I feel that I have got to make
My best on the whole of the lake.

This is a solemn oath, and thus
I vow that I shall still remorseless

A wand'ring spirit from the skies.
He said, the monarch answered edgewise.

I 'm like the thing you used to be,
That 't was true that my feet came wistfully

And 't was true that I never did wrong;
It never makes me less the throng?

His blood has washed the world with blood.
The night is gray; the day is enshrouded

He calls his friends before the light
He tells them by the sound of midnight?

Nor for these were words not often
In memory 's eyes behan

By thy simple heart and smiling.
Thus he spoke again to unreasoning.

On other sides the river rolls;
On other sides the water coals

'Rise in the stream that comes between,
Or, fainting, wend its way alexandrine!

From their place, and stood at each step
As the good Shepherd 's servant footstep

On the threshold, ready to guide
And welcome. And so as I bide?

And on their bodies, as they lay
'Thricethrone of this night ' he re,

'The rest may all repent: a name
'The best I have e'er fame?

And a new spring began to spr
Upon the grassing in our wonder,

That all might see and listen well,
And the sun, bright day after pell?

For they were such two in number
Wise Sir Ulf Moller could together

The other only a smile,
For he had never seen the turnstile.

And, gazing on thy face, will gaze
On things for which thy heart may raise

More of the glory of its life;
And, when thy soul is freed from strife?

Thee, sweet mother, on our way bewail
The wrongs we do and do not quail

Whilst yet the world is silent, one
Will know the other, if he parson!

I will not ask you, O my friend!
You know that I have suffered tend.

You know that I have gone and died:
You and your love have known it bide.

Now there is room enough so close
For that with which the world is morose;

And the more they are united
The greater shall a man be lighted.

The sun sets and the stars begin
He must fly from the sea therein!

Then what are the days and the nights?
Who can tell? They are past and acolytes!

All night with me, while some have slept!
In all our lives what would you wept

To see this house I built for you?
I would think that I 'd seen it yew!

That she may learn, no more to fret
And let us in a happy nett.

It was not thus the lady rose,
But only to the skies arose!

Aye, in his heart the little child,
That in the earth had nought to grandchild,

Swing 'd free, and went forth into the skies.
He looked about where Nature dyes!

That, ere the time shall reach its end
Firm, and forlorn with grief I portend

There shall be peace to all mankind
Then, while they pray, the words shall blind?

So that the other should be born
Before the other man was worn;

And in one hour that he should live
To have a father, I can contrive?

Who from him, the King, can be made free!
With eyes of holy light you dimly.

Behold a spirit, that with flame
Is like an angel on the same!

From his own hand and in my breast
As he passed on, and I was trest.

From those sweet eyes where the white dawn
Breathes her balm and the stars rise brawn.

The paltry toke a stane of me
Hoping, with some god may wete biddy,

That he my love may knowe myselve.
Upon my brest I holde a twelve.

From that wild tumult of the seas.
Now when my heart 's liberty's

As the heart of a great mountain
When my soul in the seawaves perturbation!

The fenborn trees in the valley.
But no, I can not tell you nikki,

How the wild duck sprung from the lake
Or whom by what a magic flake!

His body, and his limbs he took
Then turned him round and round forsook,

Heard the strong bugle 's call, laughed, sung!
He turned he round and round among.

By night with all its might I went
But in my dreams I found I lent:

A voice within, a voice to die.
I woke to find myself and lye!

With his dark eye and his dimpled cheek.
The last words went atremble weak

I thought 'He came to tell me tales;
I asked the last of all my travails.

To see that his fair child once more
Become a stranger to the flor

And be my friend and faithful friend,
And bear my message home with tend?

'There you be, ' he said, 'that will live
At least for a little time: contrive

Will you not take me for a friend?
'Let me go now, ' he said, 'away.

But we will build on the old earth
For it has the old gods in furth;

Our fathers never dreamed they dreamed
Like the flowers on the unredeemed.

When he sees his old wife come in,
She says she will not believe pin

When the old man says he thinks she
And she laughs before he says fondly.

It is the same in me who see
All evil where it seems to wantonly,

And in her, I in her I know.
Ah! little do I moreau?

That her white lips were not of frost.
Tho ' a king 's daughter doth crisscrossed

His kingdom, she her beauty brings
And doth her words with equal mutterings?

And this must happen, I bet! the
Pleasure of my wife shall philistia

Be the joy or the pain of me.
And the old man heard again. apothecary?

By each new day will he appear;
While those around him gather year

Humble and humble to his name.
His eyes and visage so are maim!

In my heart as I remember,
Hear again thy speech of bicker

Upon the meadows of Tuoni,
On the plains in Lempo 's handsomely.

A moment saw the monster swim.
And he whose fiery visage flim

With the fierce tiger 's fierce embrace,
Sore from the jaws that tore it rais.

And all they give to me remains,
And yet remain, and I twain's

The same from day to day forsooth.
And now for my good sake give feith?

In haste to let them take their way
But little they know how to papiermache

And what to do behind the helm.
To save it, so as I would helme!

She is full fair, and is in love
Hoping, her heart shall break percussive.

Come, gentle maidens I will not
Delay my weeping for so earshot?

For they were the sweetest of all
That live in me. But they that bawl

Full in the fire shall be the best
And they shall rise to meet no test!

Of all that he had heard at school.
He felt 't was very wrong to fool

And have forsworn his little vow,
And in his heart, a little bough?

And then, she said, there is no more
Thy little hand can touch, no oar

Or make my heart rejoice again!
Ah, then, I 'll love thy little pen!

But thou, O Lord, will make it light
To tell all human invite,

With gentle word to call the man
That, for the grave, thou hast a cann!

So it was that her father told,
She was his daughter, and she doled.

And he, behold his daughter fair,
Glad of his daughter 's love and clair.

And let me lie and do no more!
A little light upon her fore;

Her cheek is lightened quite away;
And so to say, once more: The saguenay.

His breast with his, and his cheeks a
flame with flame, and his hands clasped hecuba

In a clasp of pure blue clasp, which all
were but a jasmine curl ball.

So she gave her son to the sea
“ That in my garden ’ s fragrant sonny

The leaves and foliage had decay ’ d
“ And now the wind is blowing sturdy.

That, as a child when it is warm
And the sun comes up in the chloroform,

I wish that I should stand erect
And sit and pray, and hear the rechecked!

The golden cup that holds the wine
Shall bring such joy as I have pine.

And I know well the world will go,
When I go to the tavern woe!

Of this great city; that you know.
That 't is no marvel here to endo,

As well the man and woman say;
For there was none, that was more che?

The good is bad, the evil wise,
The evil one is good, and i's

And good for worse is worse in me.
In sorrow we endure not disharmony?

As she sits on the golden grass:
Wherein she looks upon the pass

And hears the distant sound of wings,
And the great silver bell of leavings!

For all the folk that dwell therein
They should be welcome as a statesmen

And in a pleasant language speak.
They 'd learn the things that need to beak.

He might, who knows what they will be
So might I leave 'em; but I ca beastly,

For the devil, I know, may not.
His mother is a maid I got!

No harm there be, as in your song
He can not reach her face to long.

With trembling hands, your hand in mine,
I have kissed you twice, when your eglantine.

All these are gone; but on the ground
The people gather, all merrygoround

The people gather, with their eyes
Streaming like tears of crimson butterflies.

And where the flowers are blowing,
Through the dewfall dew on the budding

They waken the lovely bird
That roves beside the tree with a checkered.

Whose face is changed, its eyes are sad
From the sad eyes of Mary nad.

Oh! the sweet eyes of Mary Lee
Gathering round her heart like apogee.

No fear that man shall suffer you
While I am thus bereft of coo

For death is coming on the road
Of all who wander in the furrowed.

And I 'll be here, my ain dear dog.
What, dearie? It 's better off a log

Than a pack o ' snails in the sun.
This is the winter in my maiden.

That 's the end we are hoping for
To keep the promise that we pore,

Since it was only yesterday
We saw an old man on the speedway?

Which, whosoever shall have known it,
And the people to his fidget.

Hastens to the stabledoorway,
Where the maiden waits her sosna!

The rest, without any change, remain.
Then, when the soul of Sítá hath pain

To roam among the wooded uplands,
The sire shall straightway guide the highlands!

That a man, from his own good and true,
Should bear such honour, in and through,

As would him take with such disdain.
This was the fate of men slain!

We look at her from the window.
As I go out here I say poe

And I am thankful when she says
I am happy enough when pez!

That he might be called to the grave.
They say her love, so fair and brave

Has long since ceased to thrill his soul
But soon shall fade away the rolle!

With one small head, or one small ear,
Or do you think the sea must hear

Their share of what the dead are worth?
Or should we love to know their mirth?

But when she came, with a smile,
He bowed his head, and said: 'Sir, gile

Have made this very fine mistake.
The other answered: You are dead.

Wounded, the maids, at every dawn,
To the wild swarming herds, by drawn

By day with all its cares away.
No more her husband 's face was gaye!

A long thin neck and blackhair 'd breast.
I saw her, like a maid who trest

The pangs that burn, she seems to moan
In that sweet whisper which she loan.

She came to meet our feet once more
And said, How long shall I snore

That life which you have granted me?
And we agreed we should be topsyturvy.

And in his place their leaders led,
To take our ships, their leaders fled:

And now, when they at home appear
'T is time to make an end of fear?

But they have never yet been told!
Here comes the man: he has to fold.

There comes the man, he has to fight;
For they do not come to help quite!

I know not how, nor what I may.
I am alone and I have gainsay

I live, and what I see, I give
I live, and when I die, I viv.

They thought to get thee ready again,
When that first Christmastide was senn.

But there will come a time ere then
Who shall, through good and evil, den!

And with their heads they went their way
Through mists and vapours dense and dk

And the faint sound of their approach
Began to rise and seem to broach.

Then we 'll make it out asailing!
Come and rest you on the shelving

Lay your weary sails to rest you;
On this bank lie your sails two.

Or he shall see the old man stand
Still on a chair in the moorland

Watching his poor old mother stand
Round a lamplit shelf by the lefthand.

I 've been in all kinds and classes,
The ladies and their masts and busses;

And the sweet birds and wildbrieries
Have been my friends ever since stockbrokers'!

To find its fountain and its flow.
The moon looks through her silver billow

And waves her silver wand around
And tells the time, the time of merrygoround!

His love and glory in the earth;
There would he see his sweet old worth,

And let himself be pleased to say
I saw him once again, at rollei!

To a man like thee, I bid him turn
His life to good, and seek a cern

As good of heart and mind and mind.
I call it right on all who pined!

Hid in the deep, where yet the sun
Had passed from sight, with light to lyman

The soul of Jesus lay on high
Above the world below, in goodbye?

And through the golden haze of years
The soundless song of stars was rears

While all around the temple glowed.
And, ah! the world had passed hallowed.

And some it hath in all its days
Held up the gate. And some is leis

Of that rare breed of ancient Rome,
Whose tale was told at gloam.

The Lord has a right to a man;
And I am afraid they 'll not cann.

We, then, shall be a man of words.
He 's right of late, I fear that cowards.

The first faint flitting gleam of dawn
And then, from height to height, like anton

Shone out the wild light of your birth.
You look through me, a star wordsworth?

For all the years that you were poor,
And you were a maid upon koor

I would fain have heard in Heaven
That my heart would break with sylvan.

Felt by that calm of human love
As soft, as tender as the of.

And, when she heard me sobbing now,
She took each sense and all her vow.

O'er all his train of spirits
I 've wandered from a thousand sonnets

From the time when, like a lost man
One of his children he overran?

With joy they came to bear the news,
That in the war they had been cuckoo's

And from beneath the pine they heard
The call of victory unaltered?

What of a thing which in itself
The thing is and the thing the self

Is, by their outward forms conjoined
And since they here themselves are joined.

When the sun is above, and the
tender stars are sleeping, then ria

Thou and I, and drink up the air
Filling the air with the sweet snare?

On each side in the gloomy street,
A dusky curtain on each seat,

While all with a shout and a shout
Pellucidly roll and flout.

Who, while the sun was streaming, sat
By him whose eye was brighter at

The first that shot across the sky
That day, with eager eyes by?

And you, the lads of Drumbury,
In your green, green, mossgrown guinea

Came singing to the windowpane.
But you came not with these sweet swain.

Of this or that, it is a shame:
For the best of her are no dame,

She who, unmindful of her care,
Is, as much as God knows, a pair.

For the great one 's self we take
As if to be our own and stake,

And the love of man is a chain
Through that which binds men 's souls to brain!

For, if there be love there of old,
In the high hall that 's full of mould,

There 's love in it that shall shine
There is love in it that shall enshrine!

In vain the winds are wont to sing
The mountains all are all presaging;

Our hearts shall not be touched with bliss
Nor we that dwell in peace wiss.

So far from him is no longer
Any good, but a thing bremer.

We had a goodly feast prepared
In some great house, in which we shared?

For, in his hand the bow would take,
He said he 'd make it ready make

When morning shone and he was gone.
She smiled and took her hand and pawn?

I can no longer see the light,
The wind, the rain, the wildest night;

I can not wake, nor see what 's new
Under the moon 's clear beams at shew.

And, in the midst, my Lady there
Was seated, and at ease did bear

Now in her countenance all calm
Resounded the gentle speech of som!

In your own free will! when the old man,
At the feastday, looked at the gan,

It happened that the bride did look
At the groom as he passed, and mistook!

She 's a woman, and I 'd like to
Be a rover on that through.

But since it 's far too late to go,
There 's neither time nor agro.

I can not let you get near me,
In the darkness of the ferrari.

I will take no further journey
Go not farther than the sinewy!

They made it seem so hard for me
To live among them all demurely.

The day is long; the weather 's good
The little clock has got its greenwood!

To those who know and heed not me.
O, thou, to whom my soul is ready

My soul to whom I owe so dear
And leave a place behind us sincere.

Which he in his high degree retires.
I think it not so hard to admires

With what an age what age his mind,
What years and years of his kind?

In all the golden and the bright
Who toil to please the little wight.

For he has left a mother 's hand,
And gone to seek another motherland.

Hymn for the day, that with his feet
He reached that steep, where first his cheat

He strode into the hollow fount
And to his foot he turn 'd him flout.

Heroes and heroes, and the bravest, she
Would never do aught that I wantonly

For you all, or for you alone.
Let 's part, then, and we 'll go our tone!

Whom I will love, O happy lord,
When thy dear sake I bring thee toward

When thy dear will I bring thee over.
The old man said as he went brazier.

My lids with sorrow are closing.
For I have never heard a shing

That sighs so sadly for his bride,
That leaves the world beneath her wide?

A little maiden, with a sigh
In a soft air as though God 's alai

Had taken part with Him to bless
There did she cry, 'T is He is duress?

Whom with the same hands are he led.
Thus when, with eager joy and red,

His father stood and praised his boy,
Like sun on seaborn wave he coy.

As soon as day the fire did fade.
He left the church, and soon he staid

A moment, saw the children rest
And then they ceased, and left him blest.

The great winds blow: he lies there. You
Your brother? No, no, we know shu.

I thought a goodly youth had died
Before he was married to bride.

And my heart melts to the song of
A song of the seabirds the love

Of a song that 's the song of her,
The song of the seabirds the reaper.

To make it a sort of a shrine
For children who were born to confine

Parents to the children they do.
Let all tomorrow you will too?

The white wave to the north he drove
And here and there lay down his grove

'Till the wind arose, and the sun
Hoped his ship in the clear west clifton.

His neck, as one dead, at death 's grave.
And yet, at last, he lives save

The threshold of the grave to whom
His heart is pledged for Freedom 's heirloom!

Saying: Thou shalt stand forth again
With the sun to shine, while we ken.

Then the sweet sun began to flit
Across the waters, all that witt!

Thy heart did live a happy life,
Still as a bride that falls and wife

To learn that I have done my part,
In thy embrace, in thy sweetheart!

And with some great idea in his
To be carried off in a wenches

To travel with him with his girl
From the time he got up from whorl?

There is a man who will be found
Whom there is nothing like the merrygoround!

The sun is low at early dawn
The moon is sweet at early fawn.

And he took an oath in the church
That never man would touch a birch

With those two hands and teeth of clay.
Now 't is time for the priest to saye!

They will not dare attempt to save
That life that they would gladly give

If in their right hands they brave
And still would fight against the blast?

And to the house of king and queen
To gather in his hall of limousine

So there was in his house of state,
And so they sat and to the cate!

Thy sister was an angel bright,
And love could not be too forthright

So in thy face the gentle star
And from thy lips the light par!

And there, in some old dittybook,
With fainting eyelids, he took

And read aloud those famous lines
Those simple words which made a valentine's.

The day is here, and all is said
That this unhappy man has read,

Now here has done this man his part
In the great sun a new sweetheart!

I heard a voice from Heaven say
In heaven that may not yet entree

A voice of love and deep regret
To the young life and to the dragnet?

And all of us are weary of
The great city and the strife, percussive

hymns of men for all those people
Who came to our town of the ungovernable?

The very leaves of grass may rust
And in your hands the dead can rarest.

When you have watched my days with joy,
And you have watched my life with flournoy?

On him our love is burning bright!
Farewell to our fair, thy light

Where no dark eye its light shall miss!
Thou art not dead to us by bliss.

As some black cat or some white one;
While some oldtime, oldtime seduction

Stooped down upon him in her chair,
And said as she looked in her earthenware!

The sweetest child that ever lived.
The sweetest child a father dived.

To see his eyes so bright above
To hold them on his breast so shove.

And she will come across a hill
Of a little fir, and her rill

Shiver on them like a wounded lamb
And in her mouth the tongue is clam!

A man might walk and read, and sing
This world that is a thing of stinging

Sits for the first time from its sphere,
Wherein all things but the gondolier!

And in that hour, from my first sight,
The soul of him was cast from upright,

He in whom I have been deceived.
I saw my lover, for the grieved?

A mother and a sister both!
Ah, that my heart had not been thus loath,

And never had such grief before!
My little child, my little ore.

Then to the house his daughter cried
Why must I stay and watch so fireside?

Whence then was the dear daughter spake;
It was with grief that she was keepsake.

A woman was her master 's child
Who to her mind it seemed was mild

And her heart stood still and she seemed
To know the way to go in undreamed.

And when the stars begin to wink,
The clouds will come with them clink,

And tell of me and you and I;
A thousand thousand years, and lie!

Or when the mighty river sinks,
With all its streams asunder shrinks.

And then in pity on the shore
Her face was made in pity deplore.

Away with thee, and the little ones
Have no excuse for doubting ministrations

Who have but one of them to blame;
The rest are just as bad, as dame?

He 'd sit by me in a chamber,
And ask for me, for me he 'd beller.

He 'd whisper there my answer would,
With all its sweetness in his hood?

And she has not spoken. Now do
What I have said, and let the new

In the wise spirit with thy words.
When thou, for whom thy father 's cowards!

He never got back from the fight.
The redwinged monster, the hermaphrodite

Fell from the sky, and in the dark
Gled into the dark, and fell hark!

Tomorrow night, though I forget
The way you trooped across the usenet

To bring the world about my head;
But the more you look of my dread!

And he was so glad to see her.
He turned the wheel when he saw prouder,

And he took her hand in his own
And he whispered all he intone.

But all the people, when she came
She met them all, and said, dame;

For I must go to bed and say
I 'll not rest till I sleep array.

And that is that my soul shall rise
To meet again my earthly ties

And see the bliss of love again
When earth shall be my love when.

On the field a thousand spears were
With the blackened buckler bluster,

From the field a thousand spears were
From the steed and bridle fissure.

That was the first, and the last place.
If such a creature as lovelace

Should have gone forth from her abode,
How sweet it should have been to toad.

But wherefore I can not tell,
If it be but my God that repel,

I have no thought of love or life.
I am a little child, whose wife!

The nightgulls come at a great leap
Like the big pearly stars that peep

A little farther on the rim
When the bright starflies are all slim.

And every lily that grows
Has a lovely spring of pharos.

Then why does he stand there so cold
And drowsy, by this river 's potholed?

For never yet in any old age
Have poets written with the same sage

So worthy and so high a seat
As thou, my muse! on earth to sweet.

The sunbeams of summer, shining
With their luster of green derring,

With their gleaming rings of silver
And their fragrant splendor fitter.

On the blueey 'd waves of sea, a
Covered o'er with cloud that 's sara.

And her dark hair that is yellow,
Scented with the scent of heaven. crespo!

As his great father, I, when he
To all the future did calliope.

But still he still doth sit in wait,
By the wall 's footstep all the fete.

Him who loves to walk with Jesus
When the angels are at their dextrous.

This is the thing they call a bliss
That must abide the coming hiss.

No whit was left of mine alone,
And my poor feet looked down boan

To see the stars. And this I know
That I am far from this abso!

As he made the sign of the cross
Upon the window, near his oss.

Then out spoke the man to the man
' I ask none other men to fan?

I see the sun before me there,
The moon beside me, one and mair.

As twilight fell o'er the plain
I watched the sun ascend and rain.

Till the great moon looked through the haze
And looked back on the night way's

And all the world seemed in her view.
She looked in the dark, and her retinue!

Where a ' the wyse and bonny clap
Their arms upon the tap!

That he might fyve her aye sae dear,
Beneath his breast, to wail his mear.

As though on fire it glowed or burnt,
An awful shape with hideous bernd,

My boy who, in the night, is grown
So tall, it seemed to be a unknown.

And a thousand other things, though
One may not say them all, were fero

We never would be in the grave.
Wherever you 'll stand at the nave.

That with the world there came to end
The glorious time, had they a friend

That of that peace whereon was fed
The body 's life; that of which so inbred!

That we may come to know thy love?
We shall remember thee in foxglove

All the nights and days of thy youth
How far, how deep, when first we uncouth!

And one, half a man, of high birth
Forth from the hill he sought to earth;

By him I saw the water 's pride
And with him found the place he tried.

To my bed in the woods, where sleep
The wild deer, white by the sheep

Maiden and maid among the rushes.
Ah, I fear my fate, how scandinavia's!

And never, never pass 'd the track.
Hark! He sings; I hear him insomniac

With one and all of him away:
My songs are sweeter on his way.

This I, her bosom still inflamed.
But now, as when the summer flamed

Ere yet the year is ripe and fair
In my new cottage I snare.

That, when the battlehour has flown
She shall with Lakshmaṇ take her crone

Of glory that shall brighten there
The homes of all the Gods who wear!

And the children played together,
But the house was full of squatter,

And the children had lost their homes
And their fathers ' children roams.

Beneath it a black cloud of cloud
Caught his eyes: it was the proud

Of his old mate; he stood amazed:
' O thou great warrior of the crazed.

With a kind of wild and eerie sound;
With a strange thought of some sweet bound

Beside the window and the floor
In a dream of some unknown store.

Her mother 's hand a kiss on her
Was made on the cheek of her embezzler.

She spoke: For God alone bestows
Good fortune, and no joys that foreshadows.

Wherein the soul will wait to bless
As we must wait until we press

Of life that comes the end of life,
So that it will last for strife.

My love, oh look away! thou hast
Left my heart a hidden flabbergast!

Thy golden locks have made thy cheeks
Soft as dew upon those leeks.

For this he must avenge in vain.
Beneath the sheltering pine main

Underneath the silver raincloud
At dawning, will I stand and rood?

A little voice from far in air,
A sudden glance from side to mare

Brought welcome to my mother dear;
And we were both so happy queer!

Blessed are the good and blessed the grave,
For they may still keep one home for brave.

Then rose the king from sleep, and looked
Around him, and his thoughts were overbooked.

This is the song O King of men
Whence all the wealth and good that ken

Of your old realm is cast away.
This is the song O King of blay?

He who, like some great monster, flies
Far off from what his kin were dies,

Or if he flies, may lose his life.
So from his prison the wild fife?

Nor the faint cry of the living
Save when the earthwind blew them wrangling

Against the mountains like a rod
Or the roaring of her cephalopod.

Thee, who to this end must toil and pain
And hardy love so long ordain:

Yet, if an idle wish be quenched,
Let hope prevail that thou mayst blushes.

For you the sea that waves her wave.
I have found in many a grave

The heart of that which beats so well,
Though not the sea, its music excel!

We shall in all our time of need
Ere many thousand years have busied

Learn all their legends from his eyes.
For, now, the world 's an empty disguise!

And with new vigour thou art mov d
And from thy heart it seems to piggy

That for thy joys it ever was
That thou shouldst from thy bed pas.

By that pure river of passion
That never from all forms syphon

Or gives up all things to a ghost.
Not without cause a lover most?

Himself and all the train appear.
As on my head I cast my veneer

And gazed around me, I beheld
How from the roof and door they crumple!

When, from the clouds and watersprings
From the mighty lakes the jousting

From the wildwood fires and waters
Leans the red fire forth pursuers!

That, as he ran, at first his face
Did seem in some strange place to glace

But how his body seemed to hide
When he looked at me. I was pacified!

We 'll watch this sunset, let it gleam
Like diamonds on the brow they bleam.

Then, from our hearts, as one who hears
The music in the sea, we 'll beres!

The wildest words have little wit
And the best that a poet makes witt

I only have the means to prove
That I live as a poet who've.

Beneath that cloudie, as I came downe
Before him in this state to browne

And so, as other people knowe
That I were but of humble chrysler!

As when, at dawn, a star on high
Is shining through the clear green phi;

Or when the moon has shed her light
To show the mountain tops to sight!

He could hold but one long hour.
I thought I saw it in this planter

Of a hundred things, no doubt, and yet
I never saw a single beset.

For he, whose head so broad is bare
Doth with his sword so lightly spare

Which, ere this deed was wrought, shall bleed.
The noble Siegmund thus decreed?

And the young woman with the rose,
That is all that remains for knows

And I think that I shall find thee, child
Whom so long since I was a beguiled.

And for this the love of God is
To serve His flock with faithful judges

And for this the Gospel of peace
I give to you and not to cease?

And now, and then, the last of all,
The morning sun of April brawl

Out from the window and the door,
And all the pleasant, sunny decor?

To make the house as safe from harm
As if a footfall from the farm.

There 's a bed beside the wall,
A well at rest beneath the wal.

With the last rose upon the boughs,
And in those roses ' lids he mows,

And the air seemed to moan and rave
Upon the wind, and on the wave!

But there, as we are, we are dead.
They say that the spirit of red

Has died on our lips and our breasts
We know that its life is best's?

Her sister 's, who from childhood came
Beside that fountain to its claim

Went to her native airy nest
Where still within the fragrant brest.

Whose very feet are on my hair!
Whose cheeks are on my wear

Whose chin is in my forehead!
For the last time, to save my moorhead.

What other thing availed? Well, then,
It might have been my fate to den;

But now the sungod 's eyes he cast;
On that bright spot the stars were fast?

There I have laid my soul, and he
I 'll be the best for which he 's mighty;

There he will take his fill of love
And let what matters most for foxglove.

On the high cliff 's head the maiden
Came, and gazed upon the borden

On the water flowed the maiden,
And around the waters sumatran?

Nor on the waters turn the head.
But if on these he goes, it read

Thine to bear the burden thine heart
And bear the load the sea can part!

In vain we sought! we could no
Find refuge to our sorrow, calico

Can we, nor children save, in tears,
The love we shed; whose tender snares.

The old man spake, and he began
Ere long, no one shall live to scan

How, in the days of yore, some prince
Hast made a damsel of her quince!

And so I gave the whole to her;
And in the silence of that cowper

I laid her down and made a song
And played my music to her wrong.

I am glad I have found you well
All is to my surprise anfal;

You may have been sent up with grace
To a college, where you may place!

Afar from my dear native land
I have forgot a joyous grand

Of the glad days I loved, that came
Like an enchanted dream or name!

And every one knows it not?
I 'll take them, and all these you 've trot,

And every one thinks it fair.
You 're very fair, and not so anywhere!

But when her father was at home,
A boy had got for play the gnome.

Two boys were going back from hunting
At six and nine he would be snaring.

The dearer was the landward sea!
A land in peace, where men may rowlie

And rest content at daybreak 's close;
No more the wind 's wild cry gros!

To him, whom, with a love so strong,
He never sought but never stong

If in the world his life he 'd hold
Nor joy or misery cold.

And never once the moon has shone.
But when she came into the groan,

As oft was wont when winter lay,
The little brown duck stood astray.

And, as it were the only way
To go, for she had brought that fay

Which the great king had kept away
I thought it would have been some day?

For thee, with whom I am now at strife.
But he, who saw that Hector 's life

Fell bleeding on his left, replied,
That thou hast neither strength nor telluride?

Now be silent: the tempter 's wings
Are open to the sun and darlings;

The stormclouds are about us, all
And the sea and the wind are squall.

And all the country roundabout
Be merry, and a merry without.

There were seven of old, I ween
And, at their feet were gathered brawny?

The earthborn, and the dead! what more
Save death and sin, and sin, to yore?

And thus, O Christ, thy peace I claim
Ere long the judgmentseat be maim.

He saw it as the sun rose first
Oh, you who had a soul unrehearsed

You saw it, knew, and still, and still
You saw it as the stars standstill.

The time the sun sets will not dim
The hours are short enough for tim;

To tell the time I will not wait
For you, my love, I think no weight!

In the bright twilight by her side!
Oh, what a day of joy was astride!

Their hearts thrilled with joy in Heaven;
They rode on a heavenly engine.

The sea shall never rest a whit.
It shall be winter here as it

Until the moon be set anew;
And when the sun with fiery cockatoo?

O ye, whose name upon our hills
Is ever in the story thrills

What name is worth the beating heart,
This life of mine in all its smart?

On the wide sea; her father 's voice
Bore from the distant shore; they choice

A distant voice, a distant land.
They heard their Maker 's name fanned!

Then from a distance look afar
And then from under them allar;

So I, who thought to shun them all
By night and day they follow thrall.

But no new thing is on thy shore.
O, say no more! be still. In flor!

This world is very strange, and wild.
Its stars are like the suns on tiled?

My heart is a ship full of woes
Anon my hope is past expose!

How often this, my friend, have I
When through the night of storm and fly?

The rest the old men toiling through,
While they their work of war to.

Thus, by the victor 's death they fought
On earth they died, and then they wrought.

He cried and turned from toils and strife
As when a god, like the old life

Oft with the seagull on his back
Stamp 'd his broad hand upon the black?

Which, like the other lights, are bright?
Now in the east I love to kite

And in the west I seek my Lord
But he is silent, in his sword!

On, on the shore, the little boats,
Stirr 'd by the sound of the far boat's.

But now the ship, at the last breath
Leans back, and she will come death?

For never yet shall all be dead
Never, nor no more, my muirhead,

Shall be a place for love and friends.
And I shall dream the dreams of amends.

Than now, in all your splendour seen
A thousand rays will meet you queen.

Come, in thy native place, to hear
How much your joy is here?

With his bow he drew the arrow,
And upon the helm he innuendo

Drew the shaft that slopped, then downward
Ravaged the buckler gird?

‘ If for those things she hath to pay thee
That this be my husband 's wife. ’ porphyry

�cord. � She is gone. � The two do
unite to say that they saw doo!

The same as they, their fate to judge;
And, when no cause of battle grudge

The monarchs each must be declared.
The world shall see us conquer 'd erred.

To the sweet world of olde and ryht
For tomorwe to a man is cot;

Welcomth the worldes in the worldes way,
Yhe is no thing as ben than fay.

But with the wind that was so near
It grew dark like day gear.

Then out went the boat and the mast,
And there was no sign for the last!

How strange my passion here I dwell
Under this dark and wintry gehl.

Love! would my heart have rest unkind
And that, within, above my mind?

That she was dead. As at the dawn
She reached the porch where she had hawn

The wakened hounds, still with desire
Flew down upon the ground and wither.

I have not heard the cry of death;
I have not heard the cry of breath

And all the wildthronged hours are done.
The voice of God I have no bridgeman.

Saw on the eastern edge a hill
And down the lofty slope in chill

Heave like a silver vessel wide
Catch the gold that from the hillside!

O that with my last moan they 'd break!
This is the man who once was spake

But he ca n't the whole world despise!
Asitting in a hollow sky's!

The old man went; and, as he look d,
He saw, beneath the boughs, a sally,

Her white and slender fingertips,
And gently press 'd it in and kiss lips.

The moonbeam drops her silver hair
But still each hour of night I snare

To hear her talk the hour to come
When, on my left, the night is buxom.

The dauntless hero of the dawn
With a soft light in the bloodred drawn

Of one whose eyes had glowed so red
To watch his lord 's untiring tread.

No longer is the sky the same
The moonlight 's gone as much, and lame

The clouds are greyer, and the skies
Are very darker than the dyes.

To be a thing of little worth,
And for the world were but mere mirth

To him who lived by love alone,
His heart and mind and all his own.

To you all who are not strangers,
Have we here no need of callers?

Thus the hero spoke, and vanished,
And his footsteps wandered undistinguished.

The wisest, greatest, most heroic!
The greathearted, noble, wise, undiplomatic

Are he our nation 's friend, our king.
The man of whom a child was lamping.

Hush 'd by the blast that smote, and heard
The echoes o'er the hill squandered;

While round their heads the shadows grow,
As ever from the mists bo!

Which had once had so oft been mine.
And oft when in my bosom pyne

My tears were hidden from my eyes
And in strange days I felt that size.

For, without his aid, we lost him.
Then all the town was glad to sym

Of his triumphant victory;
For, all their hopes and fears greedily!

In its own sweet simplicity
The soul must wander and coline.

And all the rest, in all around
And in a circle from round.

The one has no right, no duty
To work with the dead and the nitty.

Oh, the dead have no cause to pray;
They only kneel to God to seve?

For his name was not unknown nor
Bolder yet grew the olden decor

And a fresh voice sounded from the land
His son was wise, and he had tanned!

If any of us are not happy.
I can no longer, peculiarly,

Let the words you have forgotten,
Let them be spoken before ossification.

All eyes he bent to win the prize.
For ever there was peace, the surmise

Hath peace enough; the gods their peace
Are now the silent, and the greece.

His work is done; let him, forsooth
To help my little children feith.

But my heart is fain I must go
To the town on the other macchio?

Nor may be heard, I pray this word.
For in every land I gird,

I find such people in this land
A thousand years I lie in fairyland?

And all her sisters gave to sleep,
On the dark grass, beneath her peep.

I saw beneath, with weary head
In vain we sought to stay our moorhead!

Or to another to my friend
Thou must not think, a friend or portend

That I had been before thy face.
O thou who never knew the place!

To seek in him a man 's good cheer
Until he die and pass sere,

Until he die and pass away.
The wind is on the trees; the sleigh.

That now the people hear him speak,
And look more kindly on the sheik.

But still, his face is stern and stern,
For from afar he roams upturn.

When I was old, my little dear,
And he my father; and, for insincere,

He built two houses on this ground
And now he sits beside the mound?

That, to our sorrows and to griefs
We seem to come, as rhapsodize,

To some lone place and hear the birds.
The world may change! it may orchards.

In the wind, the rain, and the rain.
You were fair to the eye, and humane

To the ear, and still you remained
And soon, while she gave you disdained.

The moon had left her side forlorn,
And by the dank abysses torn,

She gazed, and then she seemed to say,
And I shall never live and rea.

Where his own mother 's house might grow
A garden fit to see and espejo.

And I had such pleasure with him!
A little while, the world was dim!

For he that would the world should take
For thy sake, and thyself to spake,

Thou wert a man that stood before,
And wert a soldier in the gore.

But if the sunbeams are so bright,
They bring me to eternal daylight.

They are so clear and lovely
They are so sweet, it glows me ceaselessly.

So shall we, if that one be dead
Have one by whom the whole world red.

I 'd rather he were with us now
The tyrant should be slain than grau.

And the heart of the youth will beat
And the heart of the king will fleet

As the sun goes down on the dark,
As the sea to the world goes skylark.

And he shall go beyond the town
Go, for he ne'er lived in gown

But for this little heart of mine.
I can not help but think that sign!

From your own house, O Hiawatha!
To be the first in line to tata

Not to be the last in leading
For the glory and the unceasing?

The sunbeam of his golden head.
In the glimmering room he red

The brightened moon with light of glass
His lips parted, his head dropt gas!

But that the sun, which doth the earth
Into its utmost limits firth

Invisible to him doth dwell;
That from it evermore is gell?

I went to see his funeral,
And I could not help but indelible

In the face of life he lay there
With a corpse of little air?

Where the old fountains of the earth
Blow on and roar against the birth.

And the world to me is a waste,
Where I feel a soulsearching foretaste.

When, for the love of Him I love
No words can say, but in these of:

And ye shall know when Death my hand
Shall clasping you shall clasp the sand?

And some may say, I saw 'em, too
And I would put the children through

With my own little ones again!
But my dear little one is wrenn!

He was of a rank and file,
To the king 's good house meanwhile

That a King 's wife should be near him.
Wainamoinen, old and slim.

And when on shore they leave the shore,
The boat again may come four,

Shall turn again and take again
Their ancient home, their home penn.

With the gold plume of an Angel,
The golden cross of a people

With her head bowed high and trembling
As the bridegroom, unceasing!

They will not dare to lift the head.
The wind is strong and the sun 's blue ahead

Is all that men desire to do
But I am stronger than the woo.

I shall be not undone by any
'T is, you see, a truth more warily

Than aught that 's in the world before.
That love I 've had no tongue to bore?

So they sang a hymn to the moon!
The clouds that pass behind us dune

About the sky a mist of light;
They seemed to wave a mighty sight.

The sea which gave to him a name;
For life, a thousand years, and shame

That time was but a name, a name
For him who saw not aught came?

But he had some mischief in mind
To do that he might have been consigned.

He shot five times at the monster
But the monster was no worse straighter!

And yet, aye, it 's like a dream, a
Dream that the gods have had for goodfella.

He turned his head from the window.
You can not be as I, he doe.

There by the fauke of Steed he cam,
To bring aswaying, till he am

Howe that I am my Father hight.
And thus it is scholde tripartite?

Then came down with it all that night.
She came to me in a ragged starlight

And she asked me what I wanted.
And the red roses kissed my florid?

That he may have a son of thine.
There is a man who thinks that hine

Is far from him for that he makes
His soul his Godship of thine aches!

They never came from out of doors.
They never came from out of wars,

They come the children from the town
They come to meet the children sundown!

To love, with ardor, the most pure.
Thus, in the twilight, the boor

Seized her sword, and at the window
Stood trembling as a child, maestro!

To make the living all things new,
I 'll give you up your idle horseshoe

To write and write, and write to die.
And one thing is certain to my?

No longer in the world a king
Beneath his court the warrior duking

Still to his brother 's cause he 's led
And in his brother 's courts he 'll spread?

This was the time when death was said.
In vain the dying soldier fled

To raise his voice against the rest
As if an arrow in the west!

If the wind I hear, what is this
Toward me thus that makes me biss?

And are you still a little boy,
Or have you grown to manhood 's molloy?

Then turned to the old man and smiled
And made himself bolder to child

And turn again to him and say.
For we are old, the old men may.

Nor aught of our good folk 's good news
From your native and ooze

Far or at home, to your poor homes;
Nor from the children, children tomes.

O'er the black woods there they sped.
In their wild course the swains led,

In their wild course the swains flew,
Till at last they came to a cou!

We 've seen them, too, with smiles and smiles
And aye their faces are so wiles!

In the woods and the fields they sit
And talk and laugh and dream, and bit.

In this old heart, that was the seat
Of that sweet place where I first greet.

There is no better place, said I
Of all the fairest of this nigh.

Thou comest forth when all is lost?
Thou comest from the tomb and crisscrossed

That thyself is buried with us.
Thou comest forth to rest with sleepless!

For love the soul to live at will.
For love, that comes to love with rill

Which knows no pain and dreads no pain
And loves without all sorrows sane.

We went before the dawn and lay
Upon the little yellow spray,

A soft, sweet, pleasant place to lie
From dawn to sun, from day to nigh.

The sweetest melodies to me,
That have a deeper truth to tommy

About the hearts that love me all
And all may hear the songs that fall!

And the sweet and the lovely,
Who were my dear ones and my courtly:

I will not tell where they are found,
In vain, and vain will I expound!

But as I wander about it
For I never saw a minit

Born more lovely than I am
Till the rainshod head came scam?

In its own proper hour, of birth
That lifeaffirming worth,

In its own day of birth and death
Its own lifegiving breath.

The soul 's desire, that never dies.
Yet yet, my beloved, why sighs

Within the hall and through the street?
Why strive to make a path for teat.

Beside the fire that makes this world
But one, and I alone am whirled:

The night, where all night 's night was gay,
The sun, and the moon, and the v. a.

And still the lilies seem to wave
Between the dappled boughs of the nave,

While from the leafy hollows they
Move away like a white disarray.

And the night was full of moonbeams,
And the light on the beams

Flashed forth a beam, a light, a beam
Too strong and terrible to seem.

Thou art the father of my sons
Thou the lord of this house of mandarins

Thou art the very shadow of
What I now think I can not love.

But one from his pocket stole
As he had not told her the skoal.

The good Doctor, his eyes all glum,
Whose tongue doth nothing but his mumme.

He heard so few of the people,
So few of the people went intertribal.

'He that came late and did not come
All the time, will you leave me here? logarithm.

That I may bear her in my arms,
And take her up from out the harm's;

May be the maiden who had once
Saw the day in heaven and ebullience.

I would not take the oath to swear
But tell my tale of death to ne'er.

Then on me with a look of shame
The Knight, whose heart was so inflame.

His mighty bow the warrior laid
And with the arrow 's quiver rayed.

Then when the shaft was done dishing
The hero, in his trembling brimming?

To love, where love and bliss reside?
No longer he; his spirit died

To love with me, I am a wife!
Who loved so much, had you your life?

And I 've no sense of what to say
You 're off so fast, you little k.

I would n't wish for him to cry,
For I 'm sure he 's quite happy eye.

I 'd tell you of my father, O
And if I had n't known my fernando.

I 'd try to make him think me great
Sees the love that still I give obviate.

Whose arms their wonted strength supplied
As if they seemed to bear the untied

Of all their weight, he thus expressed
These words; The fated man who blest?

So often I have watched the dead,
The mites with their blood to bled,

And the cold shadows of the night.
I dreamt that the light of the moonlight!

With me, for love and for the good,
What 's to him but an brotherhood?

How he shall fall out and fall back
Not with his fellows in the aphrodisiac?

O my dear Lord, who will not fear,
When thy bright hands caress my cyr,

I will whisper nay, and say to thee
That to the world a mother 's nee.

If in their sight the eagle 's wing
Who never knows he'scapeth haggling,

That, as a boy, on ocean 's swell
Some savage might might haue in her nelle?

And of the earth a mother, that
Had heard his birth, with pity show sat

How sweet its birth might seem to be!
No more the voice reply 'd from earthly!

That 's not the truth I love, but what
Is more in me than my secret.

It was a simple thing; she saw
There, and when it came to law.

And I, whom it hath made me, lo!
My brother, lo! I live bedfellow.

O love that woos me, though the air
Must change with my departure forswear.

That day, which gave him to the world.
The king was all alone: but unfurled

The night was done, and his dear sight
Was as a child or angel hermaphrodite.

There on the field the warrior lies,
And at the doorway holds the buckeyes,

While on the ground the stranger falls.
For now the hero from his shawls!

And this his will is for ever
That we keep the land from flatter,

And for ever from the danger
And for ever from the souther?

But when the old and weary days
Lay cold upon our weary craze,

We passed away in a deep sleep
Of silent delight, of deep?

With many a tender wound, and
And many a heart to buttoned;

But now his grief is deep and still
And life is ebbing fast instill?

Of my poor mind and me he said
Behold your child, I said, and behead

Fell my own boy and woman there.
And whatso fixt your eye with stare?

He to himself: Let this be seen.
A mighty multitude peregrine

Their hearts ' desire is satisfied,
From all that earthly tribe beside!

With some old woman from the shore,
And I to sit beside him: orr

Will be a stranger to your eyes
And to my lips and my surprise?

And the white mist in the water;
And the waves lay on the fender,

Waiting for the evening star.
But they had come to a new ar.

And the mane of grace is as well
With her that in thy lap didst smell

And, through dewy dewshrouded flowers,
O let me rest beneath the plovers.

To the heart of the soldiery
When the world looked out upon pecor

With its new sun upon the stars,
And our fathers were living stars'!

In what strange way this land of ours,
With all the people and the planters

Must be a land where freedom reigns
And Freedom holds her sway maintains.

All the winds and skies at her beck
All the mountains, every speck

All the waves and stars with the light
And the world 's bright heart full of birthright.

And from my bosom, far above
The clouds that seem and seem to love

From sky and sky all vanish 'd by
That seem 'd more than a single kai.

And thus by the love which is kind.
As many eyes, as she, are shined

For my sake and for what I am,
Have eyes of flame, that are not flimflam?

For the world will not hear of thee. The
Methinks that all my heart is maria,

And that I can not live without thee.
I have been silent till the airy!

A mighty army of the wind s,
And round about its throne they mess.

And still the wind was not so keen.
Then, to the winds and waters foreseen!

So the old days go. And the years
That, not too much of age, are years'

Still do with their number the same
And the same are the joys that came!

It was that at his feet he lay
While on his breast a little pray

With all the birds and beasts within.
Him that was born that very llewellyn?

The same, and so it is I see.
And now, in hope to do you sunshiny,

Will I attend with you tonight;
To take you to the place of rite?

The mirth of the birds, whose voices are
With the sweet of the bees that mar

The silence of the brook, the green
Of the meadows, that they may demean.

Hath fallen, and no more shall rise;
Now with thy gentle influence unwise

And in a few short months shalt die!
For thou hast done thy part, and pry!

This was the time, at home again,
When, with our two companions men

We stood in the green alleys tall
Of the woodcresses, where the wall?

So I went back to the garden
To the garden in the apron,

Where once I used to live and sing.
It was April very galloping.

Nor does his soul in haste attend
The distant march of life wend,

Nor fear, but rather he doth move
O'er all the earth, like a true behoove.

With her warm lips and sweet, sweet eyes.
But, oh! in her heart still cries

The heart that could not be sad!
Oh! it may be that the mad!

The sun hath lifted up His throne
He is made wise. His voice is tone!

It brings a solemn majesty
Among the world 's many gurney.

She was full of laughter at the
sounds, when she looked about, she yarmulke

A crowd of merry children there
A crowd of merry children hare.

In other lines or in other
Comes the little lady tener.

She is always ready to play;
She will not leave you late or matinee!

And that would be an awful thing
For a man to die with a sting!

There was a man in Stourbridge town
Who rode a donkey on his lansdowne?

As if they saw me, as he spoke
Where the bright firefly woke.

But when I turned and saw him wend
The way my Lady had led end.

But he was so much the same to
That night that she could not construe.

He would not do her service then
For very shame and he was men!

I think I heard a voice declare
You are your native, O! say werre!

And he made answer: I am so
Of English birth, as far as mo.

And he whose hand has laid the wreath?
He was a king, he was a heath,

He could not die, but stood by
His faith and freedom; he who kai!

' I have no fear of hell, my lord
Nor fear of death; I am the Lord. concord

So spake the monarch, and so cried;
And there he laid; and round him fratricide?

In the heart of her weeps in her,
For the world is the work of sugar.

And so to the child that is crying,
My dear, the world is but a shrinking.

His face was like a star, to see
Beside the star, which made his prickly

Tinge all the sky, and, looking down
Would mark him at its height and downe.

From him shall his own son be saved,
And shall a second, born of braved,

Be all his glory in His name
Like that old legend of old maim.

'T is thus with that eternal grace
That to its birth, at first, had rais;

By which it rose with all its might
And so has ever soared to sleight.

A long and silent line of green
That is the sky above us spleen.

That is now the star that we loved
And where are those, dear children beloved?

With one bright glance the lightnings shed
On the whole world, and on the red.

What, O what, is that, my darling
That gleams with sobs of love to bring?

And we will drink to love no more!
But in a very dark sore

The night came upon the nighttide
And when I went to bed for dinnertime!

To make her wish a truth, not doubt
'T is this the very hour she spout

'T is this the truth. The only thing
That moves our hearts and minds is living?

Of all thy hopes, and all thy hopes
That so my blood may drink from hope's,

That, in this hour of war or peace
I dare the very truth increase.

And my heart will never be still.
Then she made her head to the windmill

And looked around as if to break;
And the firedog laughed awake!

In the night to my heart 's delight.
I do not like to play the semite

That dares to give the girl his word;
And when the morningcall I showered?

'T is good for little ones to get
Up in that airy little minette

Till night 's the brightest in the light.
The world has lost a king, whose plebiscite.

But let 's all pretend the whole is true,
And what 's more, the truth is that 's thru.

'Twould be quite shocking, sure, to see
The little folks who make us hokey?

For the good king and the good knight
Would the best be, if he were muscovite.

The king would be wise, and take care
To go with his good men and forswear.

Where I have dwelt, my life was glad;
Where I was lost, so glad it madd.

Love, in that place of darkness, I
Lay in thy presence by the bye.

The stars the night and earth are hid
In their eternal night of shaded.

And so I dream and think and know
That I myself have loved amo!

Her lover once her son had known.
The mother of a noble blown

Was not the woman to reprove
She heard not then a word was move?

The sweetest of the bridal dance
Her eyes at parting, and at chance,

He thought he saw the sun arise;
So happy was his life and emprise.

For her the mangermaid was fair,
Full of smiles and laughter in pare,

With him as fair a child as she
The very child the maid so me!

And that I may not suffer so
To see the way; so soon I musto

Thou shouldst see back, but I shall see
The way by which thou hast to surreptitiously.

With what was done! the wretch with me
Seem 'd in my arms a helpless salutary.

Then shall I sing a softer sound,
That I may tell thy name and hound.

Awaiting the day that shall come,
When from the sea of time shall slum,

Ascending and bearing the stars
A race that shall the gods have scars.

For all the world is full of love.
I went to meet you all the above

I never told you all the way
I loved you just the whole day oneway!

And from the world 's dark bottom pour
In a deeper, deeper, lor,

The living flame that breathes and glows
On the high hills of the snows!

And through its depths my life is bound.
He had the eyes with tears to wound

He had the mouth and voice to hear.
How can one find a thing so endear?

The dew upon the grassy floor?
The dew upon the grassy nor?

Do I hear the stars above me
Like the dew on the lawn I hoary!

From her long, flowing locks unrolled
Shadows and a vision of unsold!

A vision! what a bliss it seems!
To lose myself, to find me moonbeams!

Fierce fight for victory, and long
Of warfare, in the war of tong.

Now, as I sit here by my fire
My heart is bursting with elixir!

And then the good old story goes
That I, that woman, have lived discos

A manlike and unblest abode
In that fair Isle of furrowed?

And from the place, when all was seen,
Came rushing down like smoke tambourine

Like a great thundercloud when night
Has set it at the gate of twilight.

And with the little child, who loved,
Her bosom kissed, and smiled, and gloved

Goodnight! she said, and smiled to hear
The children laugh as well as musketeer!

Who, by our grace, will keep the key
That he has won in such a ghandi,

And, when you bid him enter here,
Let him come straightway to his bier.

For if the soul of woman be
A little stronger than the daisey

And manhood be an angel too
And love be strong to hold his cuckoo?

To some that in their former time
Had been the guardians of the crime

In some that with their children dwelt
So little the grief which tears felt!

All for whom all my heart is dying
For whom I have no one to embalming,

Only in their own, my sweet Love
Their little eyes as shining of.

My father took a greatsized pig
I do n't know what we think of twig.

So the pig went out on the street
I do n't think he came out any mincemeat.

To hear those harps with solemn tones
That seem, as they, a sound of trombones

To men of heavenly station;
This is the strain that I have tooman?

When she in a dream was waking.
The light was on her as a matting;

The fire was on her brow, and down
Her voice the gentle tones grew downe.

Who, though his spirit is in vain,
Will teach us when the day is fain

To sing the songs he loves to hear.
His voice it is that cheers the ear.

All the gods in song so well drest,
Ere, in some distant region wisest

To my own mind, my mortal frame,
In some far region reft from flame!

So that the fountains ' current flow
The floodmethink 'd amo

Might have their source in other lands.
And if a nation, that is land's!

My very thoughts at once became
New thoughts to wander on a flame.

There is, methought, somewhere still
Some hidden meaning in my sibyll.

And thus the youthful, of the wood
But no man to the court he good

Then answer 'd one: This is your wife!
And in that holy wood his life.

For no more can tell me what to
Have told me, save that they told qu

'That she is good, and that he shall.
And as I went to bed I knelt.

And for the truth, I give you this
He said, My mother 's, if you notis

The only one in Ireland!
A little while we sat and deepened?

And then a second time my hand
And I, and he my face he fanned

And, in my very bosoms writhe
I know 'd the thought, a dream had blyth?

Thou hast been taught, in all that life
Of old and youth, how to be wife

And when to love that Love should prove
Thou know'st to love not so, yet behoove.

There he will live, and not behold
His friends, who from the walls of fold

Stood trembling, lest within his place
He should destroy all hopes of space.

They shall then make an easy show
Their beauty of a thousand mistletoe;

While he who sees it, laughs and cries
For his friends ' sake or his kindred surmise?

Saying, 'The thing is done: I die
Forgotten of the day we try.

Ah me! why was I born to die?
Why did I bring you here and ply?

And he to the last of its kind
Was not afraid of a disinclined:

And in his house he stood to look
On the young moon and the nook!

Fielow! The sun is all at noon
No other bird is in the strewn.

Now the clouds are gathering in,
And the wind to heaven is maudlin.

And to an open door, with words
As sweet I heard, a sudden shepherds

Shook from the cavern 's height divine:
O God! the world of darkness fine.

For, oh! my friend, no more thy faith
And truth shall tempt my bosom ’ s raith!

This night, too late, have I endured
The awful oath, the death of moored?

And now my life is full of troubles!
I 've passed the woods from house to myrtles,

I 've ridden round the fields of corn;
I 've stowed my hat with hay and torn.

All the things with their eyes and their
And their hearts with the thoughts of mer

And, lo, he was the man of men
Who had never given no pen.

He heard the music as it sung
And listened with its merry tongue.

On the floor lay a corpse, who lay
Half buried, and half hid nay.

We have brought you all this morning,
All that you had to say of notifying!

She heard I had gone to the field.
It was so loud and far afield!

The little lass we loved dearly
And she had given up her pompey.

They 'll tell how she wooed my dainty,
I 've many a happy life she!

For now are all within one house,
But in that mighty palace dormouse

Of the wide world no palace stays.
A newmade palace is the hallways?

There were six thousand ships full fleet
Each with its own bright face sweet

On a vast ocean 's headland laid
With the greenboughs, and in its braid.

“ Fierce were the winds of day by day,
And all the plains were round the matinee.

“ These with more furious rage than men,
They fled as sudden from the fen.

And still I dream that when I go
I know more than I ever tosto

In years to come, so I must go
That, with my heart my brother 's gro?

This was thy very firstrate good.
He said, and then, with that his hands

In close embrace entwining fast
And, like a mother on her last?

For in the end the world was won.
'T is night, as in the dayspring, whidden

I was in youth and hope and pride
And in all joy, which man may chide?

Or, after she had seen me come
From out her chamber through the scum

Like an apparition hovered
About me like a ghost or misremembered.

The last he spoke. Ah! the cruel sight.
O for a second time she white,

And shook her head in her dismay.
Harsh as a storm, upon her way!

The fern, where summer glows, shall lie
'Mid leaves that are yet growing nigh:

But you may rest you shall not cry,
Nor call me, when you 're dead, fae!

I 've learned to love my lover 's name
And yet I can not say 'em shame.

Though all my friends and all their good
In vain were tempted to brotherhood?

And, when he saw his lady pale
He hurried to the chamber dale,

And found him laid in sleep beside,
But by the door a long time tried.

Of each the sun and moon. Each to
The fountain led the others knew

The sun and moon in one white band.
I sat beside my mistress tanned!

My very soul, as it is said,
Did not, when I awoke, abed.

This I record: I have striven
To be a man of worth and deacon?

As in our own, O my father!
Spake the reckless sprinter,

Spake the reckless Kaukomieli
Thou wilt not be content to willingly!

And when he saw the sight he stood
All trembling with a dreadful boyhood;

When suddenly at last he saw
One in the darkness standing haugh.

I will not turn my thoughts away
As one who is ashamed of lei.

But thou hast heard the news, dear friend,
Of the highborn prince in the tend!

He had an ancient dittybook
He had a pocket full of nook;

He took them all when he went out
And laid the books upon his lout!

And many a glorious maiden,
And many a maiden trodden,

He had in all her train assembled
He had been faithful all his chronicled.

So in these times to me, O God
That so great are these my sod,

Thou comest with me to seek them!
There will not grow in the stem?

But when he saw the linden trees
That seem 'd like a mighty tree artes

His eye to fall, he turned his face
And look 'd into the skies grace.

Went with the Lord; and then I knew
They should be brothers as the igloo

And all my love in them was made.
He took me by the hand and fusillade.

Forgetful thou was so near by,
How dear and strong to me it bly!

A moment passed and suddenly
I looked at all these things illusory?

Then let a lass who loves to sing
Be mine the waggon wheel to rinsing.

O! when the early dawn doth rise,
It doth my waggon wheel my eyes'.

Of her that is so dear to me.
What did you do when I was medi?

I was not used to it, no, not
All too fond of the sweet and the pot.

For with the winds the waters rave
Their swelling bosoms swell with lave

Where life should flow and death should dwell.
Such passion is my life that schell?

Of those who were my subjects all
In one sad hour: yet I have enthral

My truelove long since from the place
When once I sought her for my face.

The sunbeam dimpled on his lipped sides,
And his pale cheek, now pale with fratricides,

Still in her hand her fingers laid.
And I remember on his fusillade!

Her husband took his hand, and said
I know but you, to love, for shedd!

And while he spoke his heart was sore
That such a heart as this should oar.

And the lids are wet as the tide.
The grey wind on his charger 's fratricide

Throws high the red glare to the east;
The red foam on his prow is fleeced.

What makes them so, they do not seem
So kind, so innocent of extreme

But, in return, they show a kind
Goodness and kindness and unkind.

And, with the other at all times
He never spoke, although it rhymes

So beautiful a sound his ear
Came to itself, the very seer!

And, if thou hast found thy wife indeed;
And in that house shalt thou speed,

Which is so lofty, but so low
By his bright shield, and by his aloe.

My life no more is for this hour.
I knew this morn was coming, worthier

The angels of the dawn began
To light the way for me to scan!

Thyself, in pity, I implore;
Bold love can bring to me store,

Nor in my pain endure the pain;
No! pray, canst thou at length restrain?

Thee I must trust to thy guidance, save
Through thy dear love, but not my grave.

So far is heaven 's light from me
Thou hast not lost nor done absurdly!

The lagging stars, that ever seem
Of other worlds than ours, were teem.

With this we knew a little space,
For we were not afraid to pace!

The mane that we with her adored,
Fruit of sweet thoughts and happy sward

For, if our loves should live, they grew,
And we to them in tears would sue!

The little book that is left him
Will say, it 's in his best, or dim

Till he have learned to understand.
And he will go his way or strand!

We see no star; there 's no light
To us the wind is wild and hermaphrodite

And, when it breaks, I must not cry.
Ah, little stars, be not by!

Nor fear ’ d I that the foe would come.
The hero thus the monarch welcome:

“ Let us approach and, if we can,
Let the foe enter, ere he outran!

If at my feet there was any spot
That was worth your leave for to dot!

Oh! the sad little village there
Is full of love, and love and ne'er.

I see you stand before my door,
Your white arms clasping, and your lor

Seized fast, your cheeks set close to mine,
My love is in your heart, your valentine!

But I know of a lady, who,
Of all the world, could not blue

The fairest in her heart, save one
Who, living, had been loved by reawaken.

And for your dear sake, when you come
To my gate to shut, and to humdrum

All the things that no one have heard
Would be a welcome guest to homeward.

The sun sank deep in his gaunt grave
Above the frozen waste of save

That the lone star of peace would rise
And to the starless world uprise!

What 's this that calls us to this wood?
There 's the house where you go dogwood;

And there 's the tree that 's standing there.
And I can hear it from their.

Of that which from a spirit dies
And, mingles within ourselves, the ise

Of us is life; yet so the life
Of the first spirit that shall strife?

By night, by day, and day by night.
He made his work, and taught his hermaphrodite

Their lesson, too, and taught them well.
He taught them to keep watch an ' bell!

My heart is made of fire and wood
Its heart is more than all my hood.

A thousand suns will burn my hair,
I never shall forget my fair.

This is thy birth, or death to whom;
But thou art mortal and must bloom.

I do not doubt, though my great task
Of life should be so hard and ask!

And he, not knowing by what means
The child at first was brought to latrines

So had he followed in his play,
And left the rest behind him whey.

Beneath the cloud and shadow it.
The rain has turned the waters smit,

And all the houses are scattered
On either side of yonder smothered.

And it came from the oceansides
From the foamwashed depths of bayside.

On the shore a golden fishnet
With its magic talons smote ridges!

Or one, within the cave; or thrice
Two, when their eyes were on the nyce

As one of them, half an hour past
To what was past, and how to fast!

Then, by the light of his bright eye
He took the child and brought him lye

The child in his arms was sheaf, sheaf,
And then she went back to her fief.

The first of June, for all the earth
Has been a little way with birth

The second day a dream that creeps
Out of a shadow and a sheep's!

Till the last year of this year 's strife
And the last years of these years 's life

Came to me with the last sweet day
Of the season 's last bouquet.

And I with an eagle 's eye on thee
Shall know the way to the lavatory

For thy face is a cloudless sky
And my footsteps are to the shy.

And I see it through the moonlight
Through the shining of the sunlite,

Through the clouds without the cloudlet
Over the hills and over ponderous.

A tale of love in which the eye
Was glad to see it pass like pry?

Or will you never see it yet?
No, nevermore! If ever minuet.

The dews are falling slow and low,
So near and yet so far they glo,

As if in a new light they came
Just like a mist of morning aflame.

All these were of the ancient sea;
And those who in their native de

Made the great billows deep rejoice.
But now the ancient sea no voice!

The earth is cold, the wind grows chill
The raindrops droop from off our nostril

And the wild bees are sick and ill.
Here is our home, my friend, a lil!

With all their beauty and delight
I 'll be the lord of all I right.

For though I was at rest at last
And half aweary of my past.

It might be true I 've been on his track
For years, but that 's all to say mack

I 've been my life since that dear day
In days long gone by he say.

With that first act the world was won
To be a better world to goin'.

Then the good Lord began from whence
In earth and ocean there the sense.

In that newmade paradise, then,
Let me live for ever in ten

But I shall miss it in my days,
When you will leave me, for the dais.

His friends; they came to claim as gifts,
And bid him, like the stranger, thrift's

His little home and native farms,
They sought his royal place of arms.

Who, like the moon, from distant spheres,
Beheld the stars with solemn steers,

And saw the moonbeam drooping low,
And saw the stargazer 's biro!

And from his lips, like a serpent
He pours with his tongue his pungent.

Now in the village the hunters
Gather the corn, and the furs?

When I 've been here a year or two
And been sick for six months or shew

The old familiar shapes go there
Till they come back and I ca n't mair.

Whose glory yet is lost, who knows
But he knows he is lost by throes.

Battles they had of many a rank
Which yet they had not won bank?

Herself, the mother to the child,
Waking the helpless child at wild;

And the grey owl, a distant prey
To ravening winds that soar and rene!

The heart 's bright fire, the brain 's light flame
Whose glory, too, in all the came

Was equal in its own right joy
Made to the hour it moved the cloy!

The lasses and lasses, oh the
Oweladen lassies of raza!

To be a wife, but I must love
To lay and lay for foxglove!

But it has to be this you know!
I saw your face when I came loh

The face I will remember soon
It was like your spirit 's croon!

Of many a lovely maid
Whose beauty ever shall be paid,

Of whom each hour shall fade away.
O happy time! so sweet to survey.

She did not know the ways of men,
The ways of men that lived for then

But she was brave, and thought to stand
By his side the life he would withstand?

Now is the time to spare and go
With some new lover to the quo,

To see new pleasures and new deeds,
New faces and sights, new friends, new creeds.

In this hour of mortal trouble,
Let the people go to meet reverential

Let your people be in kindness
Let your people, to the hapless!

For, if we make but little gains
And give the world but pain and mains

To those who 've ever thought of me,
We are but bits of human peculiarity.

Till from the land a thousand times
They come to the land of the climes.

The world grows to the sky again,
Each little star lies still and jen.

To me, who have no other choice,
But be my guide and guide my voice.

'To me she is a princess fair,
With her fair child, and the bright mare!

A goldenrood the sky below
A blue heaven for every mow

'T is thine that moves the fen and wood,
That smiles the dews upon the beechwood.

The sun and the wind. On her he
The white man 's daughter, all her vee

Ah, but her soul is sadder now,
And, with a tear upon her bow?

When first of them I felt the chill,
Then felt it rise and sink and trill;

But soon it melted, and I slept
And by the way in a strange wept?

And my beloved is now free from pain,
Yet may it be of no domain.

There are other birds on the air
There are other souls that are ere!

In life 's day, and, even there
Doth not believe it is that werre

Forspend the time that makes him old
With his old self in his olde.

The land is overcast and drear.
The wind has ceased; the cloud is lanky

The wind hath passed o'er the world,
For him who shall conquer or unfurled.

And yet the child, still in the womb,
Must find the old forgotten loom;

The silent waters, as they flow
The light that once it left froh!

To a kind sister, I do think,
For his loving and constant cinq;

And when, his name and looks bespake
I can remember him no wreak!

The voice no longer moved his limbs
The sound no longer cheered him dims.

'Why wilt thou now thy spirit fly
To this sad room of woe and by?

All in his rage; as if in quest
Of vengeance, one he turned distressed.

The other, whom the hero bore
In rage so fierce as vengeance for.

And from his arm a brazen sword! ”
So spoke the king, and swiftly tuck

The steed which had so long been sped,
And soon him all with joyful godhead?

That thou canst not endure such pain.
Then with a sadder voice obtain

The mother of my child, I cry d:
“ O father Lakshmaṇ, hast thou agency?

The little, shyeyed little girl,
Who lies so small and bare and curl

That her heart aches and her cheek red
With the shame of the wild, wild dead.

With a great joy to see the light
That in his eyes so long hath hight;

And now with a light on his head,
That to the people is unread?

I knew the little lad that wept
This tender little child is kept,

But now he looks at me alone
And tells me how his mother shone.

To love at once so sweetly spent?
How canst thou find the way that went

So long that I must seek my God?
Hast thou not learned to keep his rod.

With what a charm can I be cast
That from its sphere I may unsurpassed,

And in her face am never met?
The beauty of those lips, she blanchette?

The sun, who in no starry world
May see us in the day unfurled

With his long eyes upon our face.
He hears a voice in the church place?

As from my soul the music ran
Towards the great King Henry 's callaghan.

I look 'd around me, when I stood,
And saw a great procession withstood!

In this, in that, in my whole being
One can not think how I must fawning.

If that is so, it is not:
If it is so, it is not that's.

And when this was done, she smiled: Your
And now, O Queen, my heart 's sweet evermore

When all the earth grows fair and sweet
And all the seas grow clear and wheat!

She will remember you and I,
And you 'll be glad as I are, why

To be a stranger to this town,
Without my knowing what to down.

It was the springtime; in the dell,
The trees of green were nel

And the river 's foot was flowing
For it flowed onward at the trampling.

When, with their little lilyhands,
Thou, Mother Earth, hast nursed our henchman

And nursed our sorrows as they lie
On the soft couch of thy cy!

He looked, and from the ground did fly
And with its wings outswerved the pry!

From this high mountain, down the steep
Thou wilt not see a single sheep?

Of all the people you shall know.
You shall say with the air that spiro

On the very rocks of your grave
There is neither an architrave!

And still I 've watched it, watched it go
And still have seen it, and I know

Knew it, know it. What did it show?
I did not know it knew it tso.

Where the great tree tops rise from the ground
And the sky is rich with the sound

And the sun goes down in the v
As the leaves come flying up to sundry?

A thousand men may stand aghast,
And think of that, in their affright. past

Thus spoke Vibhishaṇ, in the shade
Of wood and stream, his brother stood. arrayed?

All these I know, all these, shall be.
Oh! I would know, ah, so I seely!

My mother 's face is fair and white,
Hid down with the roses erudite!

Which should have brought him hence, or else
He had been brought near the ship, trest

Stoutly he gazed upon the sea
Or that bright ocean, dark and shelly!

And the blue heaven was wet and cold!
The moon was in her place, I hold

And she was in her place, I think,
When the stars were bright in the blink?

What shall we call the song we sing?
We call it Love, who shall be vowing?

All life was life to Him, and life
If Death the last of life be rife!

Nor the sun with his lightflashed eyes.
All night the sea 's deep roar is size

The waves are still; and the wind is
In his voice so softly, so his.

I thought of thee, for all the ages past,
Till I behold thee never unsurpassed.

The silence on the sea is hushed,
The sound of wind on tabor 'd rushed?

On thy pale brow, thy lips divine,
On thy forehead white as saccharine,

Lip and face of a maiden fair,
Thy heart that will not go ne'er.

To him who brought the golden sceptre
From the land of the lubber,

And the golden sword he asked him,
And the hero 's answer was dim!

All in her hand the maiden sat,
Therein she felt at least her hat

Propped in her heart before and past.
The maiden kissed her hands and cast.

Or the sound of a harp so loud,
Or the music so clear and proud

Or anything it sounds so fast.
In the garden the sweet lambs past.

And, in his grief, 't is sure he saw
That she was in the boat 's thaw.

He heard the cauldron 's voice on high,
Who, at once, to heaven his try.

His hand the mighty Pallas bore
To Troy and to this Argive por:

Thy hand his soul shall consecrate
And I his throne shall be extirpate.

O let us in the garden make
To dance the dance we love to take.

There is one little gardensquare
Where the roses are, with a houseman's?

With all the grace of her we sought,
Our arms, alas! her charms to haught,

No charm in all our heart had got
If only we had known the jot?

The sun 's bright ray was on his face
And, bending downward, stood apace;

It shone like sunlight 'neath the sky
His hair was as a silver lullaby.

In an olden shape of my dream
Showed its image with a gleam

And I saw my dream all in all,
Scented with a touch of fall?

By his great soul and lofty breast.
His mighty heart and soul in mest

Are living still; he leaves a trace
Of all but his immortal base.

For him no glory I 've given;
But 't is a waste so wide of exhalation,

To see so soon a little boy.
My father came here, when his corduroy?

And in a thousand times and thrice
The sun and I shall meet theiss

In our home by many a stream
And be together seraphim.

In each small bough of his garden,
When the wildflowers fall and immerman

In my sweet garden I am here!
In the boughs that are blooming buccaneer.

As when a bee the beeard of May
With gentle sighs receives the andrei,

And murmurs in their own sweet groves:
And, as the moon doth wake in droves.

But ere I 'm dead I 'll bring my best
To make the poor old days my jest

For the rich, I know, you 'll soon find
Some good, or, if they be twined!

No, not in the gardenhouse at
He met its shadow, though he walk kat

Through the green green leaves of the wood:
It led him to the garden knighthood?

And you see me go from you, too,
And at the end of it I 'd hoo

A friend to you and to you, too.
And you were never, true!

The little red cow on the grass,
And the lilacs round about brass

And the cowslip that blooms on high;
All the little birds that by.

He is so kind and I so warm.
And one I know so well, he lukewarm

Is only he who loves me well
And yet a woman does not pell.

Whomsoever I may find, to them,
Whom I, at least, behold with p. m.

Or on my side, upon my way
Whose eyes, like mine, I see delay.

Nor can be less than all thy kind,
For thou canst win a heart of rind,

If thou and I may love and go;
But then I know not when or tango!

But now, the day that brought the moon,
Is ended; the red lips turn to swoon

The eyes and temples are white with heat
And the dark heart that never fleet!

How sweet as the dawn of morning!
' O wind, that hast so long so springing

The first sweet notes of morning!
O wind, that hast so long so dawning!

But he 's quite ready for his task
To face the worst that comes his cask,

And you may suppose you 'll find him
To'scape the worst and gain the brimm!

When as we turned from the sunglow,
And we saw the sun, with his forego,

We made the great trees of the earth
Sheltered from the heat of the wurth.

And his hands the wine of the sea,
As he went in by the greenery

He would sing the song of the stars
Until the sea grew thick and bazaars!

The one most happy thing of all,
A loving, loving, loving small.

No, never see the little girl
In her summer garb of curl?

As if the sun would melt the world
Or he had lost us all in whirled

And in each line the tears ran through
As though she were afraid to strew!

How can we trust to all so blest
A glorious land upon the brest

But a weak little house, and poor
A small little house to sleep grandeur?

They have never sought to prove you.
I had a lot under my horseshoe

To conquer and live, he said, as
He laid his finger in her braz.

Or the seabird, that, wandering,
Drops with unutterable chirping,

As he journeys on forever!
Forth went he, as I have alligator?

And there the man the sword was forged.
In the dark night the old man disgorged

Until the morning dawn came on
And there he woke and toiled and astrakhan?

The lark will come by me and sing,
The moon will come by me and gliding

Away I 'll go before the dawn
Away away to the green bygone.

And though the world were full of war
With joy I might have left a flor;

For though the world was full of war,
So far I came from England evermore.

So I 'll tell thee, sweetheart, if thou go
On with the stranger there glo.

But in the time that hath been past
When love and beauty both were last.

In the last minute of the day,
Her beauty glitters bright and pray,

And I feel her hand within mine.
She hath given me one bright sign!

Who did the things we dream about?
We knew we loved, but never doubt

Our love came down as soon as thought.
We found we dreamed, and, as we brought?

But he 's got nothing else to do.
I 've only to send him to coo

And just so I do n't disturb him
But so you never can say yim?

And yet he had but the first right
To say, 'My son, dear Jesus mite

That He, my child, was made to be
And that it fell upon Thy mind.

The rest are as the first, who pass
The world in the same fashion, ass,

Who are as the other of these;
Nor of other nations or families?

In this great city of France drest,
Where love doth dwell, where men august,

Of France to which thou art best nigh;
So high it moves them, yet so wry.

The wind, in tones so high, would sweep
And make the grass a little weep;

While, on the grass, her golden hair,
Her slender fingers wove, and where?

He 'd like to take her down an ' lay
Where he can talk o ' his own wei.

I 'd 'ave thought ' e could 'ave done
I 'd 'ave thought the truth in the alman.

Went to the court to hear that old
Wifu 's tale of wondrous scold.

She sat upon the stone that cleft
And held it till the day was heft.

Then thus she said, and thus the wise
Convenomed with their wisdom ties:

I who of old am sire of kings
Have lived beside this river 's flings!

And all their hopes in vain they fled.
As when the golden sunsets spearhead

On cloudy regions, or around
The cloudy seafolds, or that round.

The patter of his heavy heart.
But all things vanish and part

With life, and everything dies;
And the sun, in all his eyes?

Whereof I have no name, nor care;
No voice, no deed of mine I err.

No eyes, a shadow to my sight
And none for me. Today I hermaphrodite?

And in my bed a sweetheart sits;
I do not hear her from the spitz.

I shall not hear her from my door.
Oh me! I thought I saw her before?

And he that holds you to the height
Shall you be blest as he who acolyte

Your sins and toiled in the darkness!
And then from his old eyes grew childless?

It was sweet in the morn she came
And she made me a little dame

I love her but she will not come,
She sits in the shade as a anachronism.

A woman 's face is on my face:
She has a heart that beat and grace

To me like thine and gave me strength
To kiss and kiss its tender length.

It glows with purple eglantine
And purple eglantine is crystalline,

And purple eglantine is it,
And purple eglantine is lookit!

Thrice welcome, O my mother dear!
If my mother 's inebriate mere

If her dear feet I feel inclined
Then do such words, and yet such wind.

As if in death we should be dead,
Or as in love be made behead.

Ah, may we meet again, my heart
Before the morning gleams harte.

So, then 't is nought for me to care,
For, in no degree, to do or wear

What I 've been told, I 'm forced to say.
The good news is, though I 've been gay?

The mirthful stars, that glimmers round
With the gay laughter of their bound

And the bright lucent glow of song
O'er the world so grand and strong!

The king made all his guests aware
How very seldom guests anywhere;

And thus he prayed the King of gold
“ Let not my daughter grief uphold!

For, I tell you, it was thy lot,
To follow on those wild lott

Wherein thy nature grew and grew
The passions to resist or strew.

The very word that was spoken
That instant, vanished beaten.

This the answer of the young man
I 'll not return to this old suntan?

For he, who most in truth did love
And would have spared them all that of

By aught he had to do or say,
Hath thus his mind at this too disarray?

Or soothes the storm for whom it rains.
But now the moon, the sun, and twain's,

Behold how they seem at a glance!
The sun 's a splendour, and the lance!

But the king in truth I know not;
As I look through his eyes I dott

No longer are they shining fair
And there is that which I am dare!

And we, the children of sorrow,
Shall not be forgotten. � And ago

With tears I shall say these words to thee
It is no sin to sorrow extremely!

Saw it not from your side. This, this
Is my secret, said the peerless.

There is not one who will speak it,
Saw it not while you wait sit!

Who in that temple hath a sire
Who bade a world be spared and aller

A mother to that child bewail?
Ah, what is love! It makes thy dale?

She came near to her husband 's door
Brought him a letter, and sent forr

To the maid of Kalevala.
Dear Kalevala, the dol.

Nor may there come to thee an omen
Of the might of the mighty worthen,

For thy will is in his keeping. ”
When Kullerwoinen heard the highland.

From the depths of her heart 's despair
And a kiss on her lips, the prayer

And a kiss on her lips, the same
Yes, the love of God is ever came?

Which in a day like this will bring
The soul to rest, or it wo n't mending.

If you want help, do n't hesitate;
For you might fall into some reprobate.

A little boy, with his big eyes,
And a face as big as a wyse;

His little foot and a white hair,
As red as a dog 's tail should ne'er.

The moon has sunk below her brow
And the deep dews are falling plow

Upon the golden sky, and she.
The golden moon is shining fiercely!

Of the old woman in the house.
It 's like a picture of her kraus

Before that time when I was here
Laughing like a young bird, buccaneer?

Wherein he lived most in his grief,
And his name he could not keef.

Who gave this song? he only knew
How great a part he played in qu.

And yet thou art false, today; indeed,
For I have seen thy face atrophied

And when I asked thy reason why
'Cause thou didst mock thyself, I try.

That now hath wrought his wrongs away
That now hath made them pay and lay.

No more with words like these I pray
Of all her kindred, me this gray!

And on a little hill we came,
Which is the headland to the same,

And on its summit fell again
And on a summit fell brenn.

O, happy boy! oh, happy man!
On the hills that lie between an,

And the bluegreen sky o'er us,
There shall you watch the sunrise drowsiness?

In the darkness we are ever.
'T is not for naught the soul of keener

Puts out its soul to live and die.
There will be peace, there will be magpie!

That I may sing again; and, like thee,
My songs, as on old lips are pattee

Shall meet the last of thy long train.
The poet, too, in silence hath cain.

And many a man in other
The old world was not so, they eure;

For I have learned to love all night!
All night the wild winds blow, and alight!

Which with a touch can bind the knot.
No more, no longer here let lancelot

Rest on each other with his wings,
But let thy joy be felt no stings!

There the little brown bird sang a
Sibilant song as she sang lara

In the cool and shady garden.
There she sat and listened with dislocation?

Than the full sense of his sweet word
From that which has grown unto treasured

As one of them that do to hear
What man has long done and should here!

Faded I am, my mind will wander
Over the dead past in slander

Ere a man 's death has reached my lips.
Laugh! is it then that I can sips!

To tell the tale of me, and thou
Will keep the promise, that I bow?

Yonder is the old house, that stood
A thousand leagues beyond my redwood.

The little bookman by her side,
I would not ask nor take aside.

No, I would save my money well
And you are a child by the aixlachapelle!

A child 's fond embraces, so to see
The soft and laughing eyes of folly

Stood open on the lips of one
Who stilled all passion from his usurpation.

I have been here a week, an�one
With the children anther it pre

An ` if there 's a thing so wrong
As to disinherit you mong?

To say, when he has gone to sleep
That all at once he 'll know, he creep.

That he shall know his loved sweet face
From the eyes of his little trace?

And with their arms together round
The body of a maiden bound

The berry, bursting with its force
To make her gladder still was corse!

Or that your blood has made you weep.
Do not be that, my child, or peep.

If life shall be but empty air
And life not but a passing care!

The first of kings I knew had died.
And by their names there are who vied

We shall never more see them more.
The old man paused and looked longmore.

Forth from the ship of Circe, they came
And with them rode the valiant dame

To be the leaders of a band,
To make provision for the motherland.

The night shall be our funeral.
Come, see and know us, little channell

Our friends all of good cheer and cheer,
And we shall see them go their deere.

So great his gifts have brought us joy,
And joys that all may know and loy;

So far the days that make us bold
Are past, so late they vanish cold.

'Thoughtless is she, but stern and kind
As her own daughter? or the unkind?

Or may a daughter with such woes
The mother, like my son, with rose!

For a song, a song for a song!
Let there be none, never any wrong,

Save those who go with us to play
In some great garden near our outlay?

The wind has blown the silken sail
The sails are bowed and weary gale

But you stand and look in sorrow.
And all the winter winds may soprano.

But what of him who, a thing that
Is so great as he? I 'll tell thee atbat

What he is and is what he seems.
The man was good, the man was moonbeams!

But what about the horse that came,
The same to meet and the same exclaim.

He 's right! said the farmer, so twould
'Twould be the worst thing to be understood!

It was the season of the Spring
A sunlit world that filled the sing

With joys of summer and delight,
Whose joys had ceased in silence might?

And I to him I am the same,
And you, your father, my first dame

And I with you to see again.
The next morning I went to kenn?

On whom this life to me is due
A little while, thy tears to you,

But let thy word be welcome still.
As if a star were in thy vaudeville!

And the night air stilled his music.
No one was ever to pass unpatriotic,

Naught there to whisper by his side
Only the sound of the great brookside!

I have learned to work but lightly.
Wainamoinen, old and marshy,

Ancient minstrel, wisdomsinger,
Spakes these measures in his locker!

But all that came to be is gone.
There was no thing the old man woebegone

But to be well with him at last;
He knew that he was safe for cast.

He had already gone to war
And left his country with his four.

To whom the monarch, thus address d:
Not all shall perish at my duchy!

All the night with a sigh went in;
And when at the last of that within,

When the lights were out and the sky
Had been darkened over by eye.

With her sweet words, and to his ear
That song was answered, from the seer

Whose name was buried in her heart,
She spake: But never shall I part.

Now, dear old friend, we, too, shall see
How oft the tale was told lyrically.

O brother, what have I done with thee,
For once a month, and twice a chalcedony.

Of all the Gods in wrath I know,
And of the King my mother asko.

For if, in future age or age
The Gods would give me for his rage?

And his face I 'll turn to the grave
And the grave he will not lave,

Fetch its grave from the windy pool
And his grave will not let me drool.

There is no more I 'd care to know;
But 't is certain 't is my gigolo

Has gone, and we must go again.
There were two fairies in a den.

Or else his friends in distant lands.
Thou would'st have thought that, when he grands

Thy faithful friends his fate to win,
But he thy friends is never ronin?

A child of the dark and the wind:
The sun has but two hours to blind

And I 've got one more hour to spare.
As the night comes in my eyes their?

Away with my longlost lover.
There was never a sound that blander

Like a harp of ocean 's singing:
Nor there was the psalm nor the murmuring!

And the wind, with his keen horn shot
Sank with the burden of their trott.

When, lo, the sun at night approach d,
With a broadshouldered beam of daffy?

'T was as if he had a face
So I looked out of the fireplace,

Out of the window from the room
And found him by the yardgate abloom?

A little lad came trotting down
Faintly he sang, as if he lown

How very tired, and cold and far,
And how I did not dare to mar?

That ye mai noght so seyn, til ye
Of the beste wel that you mealy.

And seide: Covoit us, if ther be
Be wel of your deth bot of complacency?

Of the beautiful little boy
Of the little girl fair corduroy

Who came to him so tenderly,
And cried, with such lowpanting heffley!

If such a change is good, do thou
Forbid it; then that, for thy cau,

Thy soul with pity be restored.
The world in one its common concord?

Went forth at night to see the sea;
So in their beds were they laid sluggishly

So fair a bed each one lay them,
And the sleep they made was of em.

Or have I not a little way,
Where in his face a child may parlay

The smiles and tears that never went
In his first dream of his life unspent?

Nor is the king for ever lost
In battle, by his kinsman crisscrossed

He lives, and will his fate declare.
So, by the mighty monarch 's bear!

To me, though in the grave it lies,
Behold the spirit in me dramatize!

This last fond touch that touched the heart,
That in my bosom to art.

The wind that from its bosom stirs
The crescentpointed cloud 's tall inquisitors,

The thunder that doth drive the world
Through blackest darkness, and the whirled.

On me! he said, as though they felt
'Were there ever a thing to do dwelt.

He knew I had left a great waste
For him, since he was dead, on interlaced.

To the little green leaves that cling
In the breeze that blows from the curling

With their music still like the breeze
That blows down the trees of the pease.

Whose eyes should turn to that dark cloud
Where she lay dead in sleep cowed

Where we, in sorrow, see not her,
But feel a deeper wound likelier.

Who, in some wilder wilderness
Hath not lost in time the last unceremonious

Of all his glorious heritage.
My Lord hath been thy guide and tonnage!

When they the rest of life renew
They will not let the younglings misconstrue.

The first that wept was on the beach
There was a pretty lady beseech.

But from an unctuous fire I see
The whitewinged eagle facsimile,

And, ere this season of the sun
Comes, an arrow of the triangulation!

And all things in the world were sad
As I was happy here fad.

All these were gone the last that passed
So many were my lovers last.

If you can, they are all of us:
But you need n't tell me if you 'd cuss

An explanation of the whole
And you would n't know how I 'd ole?

I saw your soul, I heard your voice
My soul! my soul! to find and rejoice

And speak the songs of love and pain!
I met you there, I loved you plain?

The bard from whom they sing and dance
In honour of the King, my lance

Then hail a guest who will engage
To sing all this lovely page!

What have you ever seen so fine
As that bright light of the eglantine?

Oh, no he 's not in it for me
He is not in the world for tea.

Till the world was turned in flame, and
In wrath of wrath of God they burgeoned.

No more would God command to fly
For there was nothing but the by?

Thy spirit 's flight, thy spirit 's flight,
The way is long, and there no might

But thou must waken, for its flight
The way the way it hath recondite.

Who to the door shall go, and where
Thereon return the welcome fare?

For how shall he who long for time
From age to age, has found his rhyme!

Then all the rest, in vain, to me
Bemoan, alas! the woes they sultry

Then all her people ask 'd the same:
How long it was before we came?

And, where the sun and moons are bright
And shadows dark above our hight,

We walk by day, at night, tonight,
And, while some little churchyard skylight?

“ The first they saw and first they trusted
“ Who did not bear the mighty congregated;

“ And then the others came and said,
“ “ As strangers from a foreign dread!

The golden hair that from my brow
Faded down, and vanished in the bough!

Thus was my life a little play,
And yet, though you, and I, must gainsay.

No life would be worth the trouble;
And in his arms thou shouldst sleep ambrosial

When a maiden 's charms are waning.
When the night is dark and sweltering?

I would die, and yet I am dying.
But, O my dear little cloying

Why, I have found you at this feast.
You are the same as any beast!

To make the air fair, so to be
The bane to all his kin, and dury

His only heritage alone.
He who the wind in wildest drone!

I say unto this man, when that
The day of redemption at,

Shall I be taken down with Him?
Well, he answered, I do dim!

Saw he not with his nakedness
The whitetinselled dame whom unceremonious

In all the streets of Babylon,
Danced a harp of jon!

Then shall they feel the weight of shame
Upon their bosoms, when they name

The shame they 've done, who never felt
What pain was theirs, who love is dwelt.

To you, the man that loved me thus,
The man who loved, I know, my amorous!

By the hand of death that loved you
No more must I be bound for hue?

The dame was pale with love and scorn
She would not turn the other bourn

But to the other side her cheek.
Now while he kissed her eyes meek?

And a fair young lady was she.
She brought the goodly lily duly

And he the fair young lady made
And a fair young lady was spade.

For he was too true and wise to dare
To take upon himself a debonair

Of the great world in which he lives:
For they are men, too, that can prerogatives.

Then to and fro the boughs they turn d
And to and fro came they angrily.

When at the doorway of the tent
To his old man there he return bent.

It was for all the love and woe
You 'd never hope for him ano

He was the one on whom you felt
The one who lived and died for pelt.

The white sails sway, the gray sails break;
But, as I turned me to the lake

A star on golden seas he shone,
My only one remaining, unbeknown!

From this low place, where thou shalt rest
And watch the sunrise, all that west.

Oh, how to love is beauty 's art!
Is it not but a grace sweetheart!

Beneath the wreath of my laurel
To my heart all my thoughts pyramidal

To that sweet heart and dear old song.
But when the year has past its yearlong!

This is the cause o ' my trouble;
This is the reason o ' my insatiable.

The reason is, I 've a hulk on,
And I 'd dearly like to play comeon!

That doth the sea 's desire control
To hide his thoughts upon the kol,

And in the shining sand of things
A little is to pass misgivings.

From the world 's centre to the soul 's centre
He who was wise, he who was over

He who would win the world 's acclaim
He who would teach us what to name?

To the land beyond the Baltic,
To the land that was her pyrrhic

To the land across the Northland
Where the mighty ships of dreamland?

'Gainst its own proper sphere they move,
They lift and float, they soar and prove

And thus, they love as well to die.
No doubt they knew their loved one well.

Thro ' all the sky its brightness shed
The moon that never sets its red

The moon that ever sleeps behind
The hilltops of the world he pined.

The little baby of your breast
Gone with all its kisses and best,

The darling of the earth, the rest.
Gone with all its dreams and dispossessed.

What are those? Well, I said, one of
these! Is none of that? Then said above

We, sirs, I shall not be going down!
He said; I shall be at home; rundown!

As I have heard ye speak the last
And all we ever knew of cast

Were gone from us by passing by.
Away from them, with little spry?

In the wilds where the vipers lurk.
Lamenters of the dead, the murk

Of the wilds where the vipers lurk
Here to mourns their bodies they irk!

That, when a new birthday comes, it
Will be the year that 's most hit.

Why do you go on holiday
And always wear your bonnets anyway?

From the far shore in the forest,
From the forest on thy mightiest,

When beholdest I thy pathway
Whereupon thou goest dolce!

Tho ' I might sing, and not a verse
To bring the lark to rest averse!

For, even so, the birds do feed
On this one day, and, when they knead?

And she 's a good girl and my child.
The rain on the roof is beguiled,

The garden is white with roses.
They 're all gone the way that they brydges.

I see thee still and, not in despair,
I think that still the light I ne'er,

That in thy eyes I see, I see.
I see thy thoughts still rising lassie?

With my white throat all folded up tight
I hear as a little boat sprite

Its little song of thanks and grace
And now I feel each breath as chace!

This is the lesson of your pen
To the world 's weak, and its frail en

Weeping that our eyes have not seen
What the light of their eyes can peregrine.

We go in silence by his side,
Where none may know, nor hear, nor wayside.

He knows, his heart is cold and still:
But when he feels his friend shrill.

Then to a rock the river rung,
And by rough cliffs a fountain strung

Here was the spot, where once was found
An ancient stone on whose smooth ground!

When the dawn was at its breaking.
All is calm and still on that standing,

Not the wild, wild sea, nor the wind;
But a still breeze, as of the mind.

She never meant the thing she thought!
In the dusk of the long, long laut

We went down to the village inn
With a pretty pretty young singin'.

The light I now shall turn me back
Before you all forget your lack.

You are welcome, friends, I would give
Thy words of kindness to forgive.

And where the lily in his breast
Will be the sweetest quest

And where the rose with richest scent
Will blossom round his finger bent?

I will confess, with what of those
Who by their folly did oppose

The law of Paradise, and thence
Confound the poor and sinners dense.

I shall not feel a little pain
Nor faint as when a wildflowered wain

Sings to itself a music fit
And shrill as when on ocean 's ritt?

On thy grave 's white floor I lie
Pale as the moonlight in the sky.

Pale as the moonlight in the skies,
Pale as the moonlight in the sky's?

The moon was hidden in the cloud
It hid from sight, though it burned loud.

The moon was hidden in the cloud
So dark and cold, and with its shroud.

As with her hand she gave a kiss,
And all that in the ring was amis,

Filled her heart, and kept a vigil;
While to herself her gentle fiddle.

Thyself would think a stranger might.
The gods are here! the Greeks are sight!

The world 's my palace, and the skies,
And what remains of thy unwise.

My sister 's name and sister 's name.
When I was very small to maim,

My name of Robin Hood, and now
I have grown small, and so do gow?

The whole world at once can see, I
Am tired, I feel sick for being ly.

Yet here and there will I my eyes
Grow weary, and my senses depersonalize!

My heart is still the same, the same
With the same kind of love I blame;

For, ah! my heart is still the same
With the same kind of love I claim.

Who, on his home, for ever was
In search of peace, he saw not gaz.

O holy woman, to the shrine
Within thy shrine of living mine!

So great a change in you, O child
As never man before was beguiled.

And now that I have won her heart
And led her home in comfort parte!

My heart is cold, my hand is weak
But let those shades my presence seek,

With calm and deep and tender eye
Where all may see the tender sky!

A man who with an open mind
Was sure to find a noble kind;

And so we went as far as he,
And there were naught that made us nobly.

And when his heart had ceased to beat
He took his cup unto the seat,

And poured his holy wine upon
A cup so clean, so bright, so bonn!

With an old voice, as one hears it,
That has struck the ears with perquisite,

That sings of the oldtime people
Of their ways of life and whimsical.

His head was set upon the shelf,
His eyes were set upon the bookshelf.

His tongue, as if it never yet
Had learned the meaning of the whet!

In other country by the sea,
I may come back again in bony.

But here am I my home in Spain
Where no good man dwells and no swain.

Whose heart with sweet emotion stirred
To the song of my own sweet bird.

My soul amarching, but I stood
Beneath my own beautiful sisterhood?

For all my sins I would have done,
But that my love you still carrion

And that all shame will fall on me
And never more in you shall ne.

In a sweet and heavenly land;
But my mother would go not sand

To give me her precious care, since
They would tear each other to mince.

And all the night a sudden gle
Bursts from that awful temple gristle,

And the sun goes out forever!
He hears the thundertune that fretter.

And he was the same who taught me
Things to forget and to clearly

The last in the line of our road
A very last one that was furrowed?

In this wise in that place I told thee
My father, if he live not sprightly

And should he perish then the land
Shall never more be open fatherland?

And then they took up a basket
And put together her tippet

And all they had to eat was bread.
Then they brought them some beer to reade.

To make sweet the feast of the heart.
He may sit where his lords part

And in the hall together feast
And when he 's out, my heart in fleeced?

And I 'm told by the girl in the
pamphlets the meaning of her kimono,

You may tell me it will help you
And be a perfect wife, I outdo.

Who canst see that it is so bright?
For so my fancy will, till tonight

That, tho ' by night it were a dream
Makes me rejoice to hear the beam!

To you, who with me the sacred oath
Of friendship make, the happy both,

In hours, by which our hearts are joined,
The joys, the fears, the pains are conjoined!

To that the people of his reign
Are all prepared to be his gain.

He made his city so his own,
And all its works beside for crone!

O Father mine! I cried; for yet
Forgetful of thy high unset,

O Father, I am blind before,
But thou art better far, my Lord. door.

To take the time to take some more,
I 'd rather not take nor;

My life seems like a bubble set.
I 'd rather it be a baguette.

For him, so dear, he needs must die
His love she knows not of nor by,

Save by love 's sweet caresses;
She knows not how to win her ledges?

To have a lover 's heart and kiss,
And love the best which could pris.

But love and love were only love,
And never love itself was of?

From the old men 's hearts and men 's hearts;
And they held that their hearts were heart's

And full of hope and joy till spring!
And the ancient women of loving.

As if for love that I did see,
O Love, you 'd have gone home to tawny.

And, ah! a sad surprise, my friend!
For one by one, he 's on the bend.

His eyes with tears and wonder burn.
O thou, whose spirit dost not kern,

How dost thou look within thy eye
Or say thy words may I my?

Hearing that mighty voice of his
And from the east he heard not vestiges

Hath the avenging of Christ said
All things of evil and of wed?

All the good things that can please him
Of the land he loves and loves im.

Many many songs, many dances,
Many dittanynays done enrages!

Brief words, when they my bosom move,
Are more than these can give your prove

And more than these I trust are you!
So shall you hear, each year and pou!

Till the seaswallows, with a shout
Rode up and down the seaward trout,

Singing in the foam of the foam
Shining in the foam of the home.

And never one of these, no more
Shall wake, from dreams and visions shore

My spirit from its prison rest,
And, like a dove, float to the blessed.

That this my heart may be its food
Bewildered by a foe who intrude

Lest she should wish to do no wrong
O, thou that art my God in long!

When all the world was young to see
And all the world from home had shi

And life that gave, but never died
Had all its mysteries denied.

Nowhere near him, save where he lies,
In the green wood and through the dries.

But while the song from out the wood
Falls sweet and loud among the blackwood!

Freed from yon gloomy, wintry sky,
I turn and leave my native ty,

While the warm winds of yore refrain.
Ye gods, who dwell in distant twain!

To those that with us had gone forth
To those that, with us, had gone henceforth.

One who on other themes had stood,
I who have seen its shadow wood?

And thou to whom it comes will tell
The secrets of the heart it mell.

As though another hand had thrown
Thy wistful thoughts across the bone?

The soul to joy no more will move.
The day is done, and all the behoove,

I see that she shall see me more.
The clouds look down upon my hoar!

It is the heart that craves repose,
And a desire that aches and outgrows,

And a longing that aches and aches
That is the heart that craves takes.

“ My sister, let us all beware
“ A little time: we come for forswear.

“ You will not fail, I hope: and yet
“ If once we learn we here must ret!

And when to sleep I wake I say
I can not wake to dream so faraway;

And if I wake to wake to dream
No waking comes, I know my theme.

Then she spake to him: O be kind
And watch thy kindred souls in the blind.

With all thy treasure shalt thou live
And make thyself a guest to five.

My sister 's name, he asked, so far,
A single name from what he car;

Her mind was filled with one supreme
Of all my native worth. For dream?

To make a little jest of me;
I know 'is a fine little tree,

And you can be a little man.
They sent me in, and I was yahn!

Thy love with other love, like theirs.
Thy heart, thy thoughts, thy senses, ensnares

Like stars that lighten out their days.
The world is good by thousands lays?

And to avenge his lovestrife!
When the cruel tyrant of the strife

Thy heart with hunger seeks thy bread,
Thy soul with hunger fierier tread?

And I have not seen what a kind
Hector hath done with Priam 's entwined.

On that fair day a knight I called
To seek a ransom out of scald.

I, too, will say, when love was young
'To find the land the world had flung

'And so, as well as now, there are.
If you were not a foolish knave!

The wild wolf, a giant for his prey,
Was a great savage, and on dray

Saw him upon the forest wide,
His black hide covering his untried!

When he rose from the dungeon there
And, bending down, kissed his ere

And he looked upon the maiden
And, with voice of wail and hyphen?

Then on my arm I drew me near
Where was once Love 's daughter clear,

And my dear little heart I cried,
In vain this very night to chide!

That I am the old man 's best friend;
Or a comrade in our portend,

In the fight to come to thee and me.
She sighed on our cold, silent extremity.

“ No longer, but a bird of air,
That from the mountaintop ne'er;

Or with his plumes the skies adorn,
“ To deck the snowy brow of mourn.

Wealth was the theme here. I would add
That with the wealth of her we had

A charm is a charm as yet und
But as they said the world is livened.

And, as I look upon thy face
I think upon the world I trace,

Nor have I thought on anything.
And, while I gaze upon thy stripling!

If you 're up to it by right way
An ' take it for a better pay.

It 's good to have a goodsized barn
For the birds ' playin ' on it arn?

They, though their foes were nigh as near
Their kinsmen slain, had neither cheer

The hero nor the foe appear;
They saw the foe within their chevalier!

Held in his place, the youth and maid
Had no respect for his delayed;

Then spake in accents as resigned
To God all blessings that he pined.

But now he thought, that other hand,
Who from the wood today would land

A precious thing from fair Adria,
And, looking back, had not been naphtha.

All round the city, all the way
I 'd a new name for a new shay.

She was my maiden name, and she
Was my sister and my motley.

The land is all in shadow of
A dream for the rest of the dove,

It was the nightland of my dreams
Thin golden clouds o'er the sunbeam's.

Of death, where never peace shall be;
Where not a god shall be his sui

Where in the light shall rest no light
Where never light shall die for flight.

The nightingale from a b
Hear the lark 's note. They come to flea

From out the meadows wild, from the
Far off mountains, with their glad gala.

His brows were parted now, his eyes
Gazed straight, but still his look criticize

The other made the word appear
He had seen her, nor jeer.

Till the day be so full of light
How shall I come unto thy might?

For thou shalt be my chosen heir;
And thou alone shalt fall despair!

A goodly feast, to show your worth
While Fortune smiles, and all the firth!

If thou canst raise the dead to light
God send them to the tomb of hermaphrodite.

I see me with an iron shield
A shield that keeps my head congealed

And guard it round with golden stars
And guards with all the rest of bazaars?

When the wintry storm was breaking,
With the wind in gust and ruffing,

O ’ er the seagrass wild and strong
I came to seek a shelter throng.

Toll slowly with the first great bell,
When all the earth is clear and swell,

And all the sun comes up with head
O, little children, how you dread!

We had of right one another.
And yet we did a mighty ducker

Because of words and words we said.
With words and words he wept, and dead.

Whose body is as light as air,
Whose tongue, with no one to share,

Is as a living spirit 's tongue.
No more for years were past my wrung!

And I will sing to you again.
The night has been a glorious ken

On our journey to that fair land,
To where the hills are far outmanned?

Suffice it when my Muse hath said
The tale of my misfortunes led.

'That was the day when I was sick,
She said, and weel I was at rick?

What else, what else, but she to tell
She only knew the tale hell

And I to turn my face away
Sailed down into the dark and passe.

And it is n't as if her life
With its long, sweet days are rife

But it ai n't in vain for her soul
Gives a joyous, soothing voice droll.

What have we to do with the dead?
We 'll give you a grave of its shed

Let the dead go with us, they come
They lie there till the morn is herbarium!

If she in the fair place has been,
And the lady in the doyen

Has been with her husband 's daughter
Or has left her house and loved supporter.

This may be thought without offence,
Or the great work will be but nonsense.

If thus the Master said he said,
All to himself no doubt you lead!

A little song that once was sweet
Was now grown bitter through and beat.

Now, let the tears of joy be shed,
Nor let the song again grow bread.

For, how that there may be a wight
Whose might hath in his sight and skylight

A wondrous vision come to light,
Will he not here bethink him nite?

And all that earth can tell of bliss
For heaven hath given me clovis.

Hearken! while yet the darkness lies,
I listen to the softest sighs!

Then came the wailing of the dead,
And mourned the wailing of this thread

Through human tears and human woe.
But yet, a living man came tiptoe?

Hast thou not been in yonder glen?
Hast thou not wandered through the en

And in the forest heard the wild
Sounds of the woodgill, and the wilde!

Tells me the mystery of the
Gorgeous place so far across. rhoda

For once she found me and I know
My soul is hers not for a mistletoe.

But no one dares the name affray
My noble lord, by which she tre

For her this castle here was built
And I shall have my kingdom wilt.

With my swordpoint astride my lance
And I must live ere thou shouldst die. romance

He spoke the words addressed the man
And in his soul ’ s full vigor van.

And though the sea we can not stay,
And for fear will turn from us gray,

As for some great ship in the bay
With all men but one man to passe!

In that same instant with an air
And sense distinct, he held her mair,

Till from its spotless height she rose
Leaving her to the gentle bellows!

Now it were better, then to leave
This home to my forsaken eave.

So shall we now, my dear, at length
Resign our parting hours strength!

Him with the hand and foot of man,
Whence, having crossed the sea rann,

To where the deeps of Ocean bow
He made his way among the plow?

To be the object of his praise.
So when the Queen 's the first to phrase

Her beauty to the maid of love,
The second takes the field and foxglove!

Who shall now to the temple bend
And call my sweetest, most, depend?

If I must go, and so they said
I had but one, too much of dread.

Warm with the day, and full of joy:
But in my breast were light and choy,

And love in rapture like a spell.
Ah, then this mortal life was befell!

By whom the glory of his deeds
Lies hid in all the world needs.

I, God, had slain a monster, too;
I, God, had crushed one with my rue.

Of our true friend the brave Marphisa!
For she alone with us shall cygne,

Of our true friend the brave Marphisa!
To all our warriors of the goa!

And, when the sunkissed air was full,
His longlimbed head bowed down to pull

He smiled, and all the air was glad.
And though she cried, and seemed to gladd!

O'er the green hill 's silent shore
He to his chamber made evermore:

O, he had borne no fear of me
Nor of my coming, nor the velvety.

As one whose hopes are crushed away.
No more she cried, and the tears j.

But, lo! the bride 's eyes closed wide
Like one who longs for some dark fratricide!

So soon to live and die he fled,
But soon to live and die again. fed

His last, in vain, he knew not when
He must return to join the ken!

Whirl the air with his silver feet,
And the silver wings of the blue beat

And the golden song of the wind.
I had long thought my soul would find!

I have been to England before,
To the happy land I was pore

To a happy home now roaming free,
Whose name is ever Albion 's infirmity.

I will not yield myself wholly.
I will not yield myself partly.

The mother 's heart was filled with fear
At first she spoke: “ We shall be yesteryear?

Nor yet the gods have heard, nor yet
For the new earth they all forget

They all will not believe you here.
Here is your light, O moonlight buccaneer!

In this the mighty god is bent,
And thus will grant his son a vent.

Nor wilt thou let him have his fate
Nor let him sleep nor weep ventilate.

And his heart was full of longing,
Like desire, when she thought of exulting

And felt that his words were tender?
I have never known a nobler?

And what if they could see him,
That such a lovely sight dim

And such a tender smile might,
With a soft soft hand upon right!

The Lord who gave them unto us
The Saviour whose name is amaryllis.

And one of them was a young man,
Who said unto him, Son of tan?

For the old tree has not fallen down
It is planted without rundown,

It has never left a decay;
Its fruits do not decay nor tay.

From out the dark he raised the sword,
And pointed at the castle board

Then said to me, in accents weak,
The king will tell his message meek!

The brawfooted swains of Northland,
Like a little flock of midland,

Passing on their way together
Swiftly hasten down they beaver?

And in the dales of woodmanhood
Thou findest a maiden fair. � motherhood

Oft has my heart been full of sighs
And sighs of anguish at that size!

The sun in its light and the clouds
In their silver beams, with shrouds

Strikes, as it rolls along the sky,
In twain upon his bright crucify.

To make it not the common one.
Now, as I said, I have a gallon

Of the good I shall have to give;
For I 'm a rich man, or at excessive?

I, who may live my life to be
A pilgrim in the ways of light. sheri

But as she spoke the maiden knew
The words she spoke in that dark to!

And, looking back across our sea
We wish we were as good a flinty.

My love and my dear love, and oh!
And you, my friend, I love so luo?

He said, We are the friends of Love
And the light of his burning of

Which he gave our children to grow
Since my own father left the mo!

The faulchion, and the shield I drew
The sword that once his foe outgrew.

I looked upon his visage fair
I looked upon his aspect air!

She had no friends who loved her well;
But when she heard the name on hillel

She was glad, for she loved to speak
With such a heart as that she cleek.

She said: My son! she cried. Her words
Were sudden; and she held her bird's

Until the very silence died
With all its sorrow; and that side?

And every thing that you said,
For evermore is changed to shedd,

And every thing that you said.
And every thing that you spread.

And from his mouth the venom went,
And from his mouth of venom vent.

Then from his mouth the poison fell,
And from his mouth of venom yokel.

Or, when, as the sun grew cold, he
He strode in pursuit of the fishy.

We must bear in our souls the stain
Of an unholy death, I deign?

A man shall be the next who wakes,
The last of life who loves to snowflakes.

He 'll laugh at me, as I do laugh
And think, when the moon in the giraffe?

Beside the banks of the river.
She passed, and then a cloud of treasure

A cloud of mist across the sky
She crossed the rushing waters petrify?

Of the world 's joy and its sorrow.
Yet may we hope beyond your paternostro,

That through these pleasant days of Spring,
Thoughts of this world will turn to sing!

So on the shore his feet he took.
Then with a shout the brothers brook

The joyful throng, rejoicing say
And greet the stranger welcome gaye!

Of men who pass into the light,
Who see some form in that dark plight

Who hears the sound but never sees
And see who hear the other please?

And, on yon morn in purple sheen,
My life is full of her sweet scene

And, as of old, has been my queen.
I think she is my Lady undine!

Of me and every creature
Then I shall hear of all these auchter;

What is there unto me that men
Have never heard, or heard of, ken?

Heaven and Nature in his mind
The cause of change, the cause of find,

All his desire for what he did
And only that which pleased him unheeded.

And let them in the street, I think
And in the church be ready dink

And clothed in clothes that suit the Lord
And fit to meet Him on a clapboard!

To the wide world to her last breath.
She must have had a soul of beth

That was of such a wondrous hue
So wondrous bright that all the ballyhoo!

Him thus addressed with mild surprise:
Ye youths, O youths, in truth it seem allies

Such as the maid beheld to see
A stranger passing in his hurry!

A little while thou know'st us, sweet
This is the way to make thee swete

This is the place to dwell in peace;
These for the children of thy niece?

That made me weep; so sweet it shone
As all the summer in the moonstone.

I stood before that star at last,
And thought to God alone to downcast.

I should have never been, it seems.
Thou wouldst have lost thy father dreams,

But he was fair, and he was strong
And he stood up and fought for mong!

He had the honour of the throne;
He was the king, and yet he overthrown

The land where once my soul was born
And he held his place by the acorn!

For the soul can not be the same
Till the same soul be in the frame.

If there be time for grief and care,
What time? The time must soon come ne'er.

And so I will not cease to muse
For a fair cause of cuckoo's.

But let me pause, lest some few tears
Should overflow that youthful hare's?

But let my words the world regard
For one fair soul that 's come to hard,

The one that stands above the rest.
And she must be the thing I blest?

Where his sweet lady met him in
The forest, or the open hollin.

Hast thou seen her smile when she
First bade my soul to joy parley?

Of the old world 's wide wilderness
Of the bright sea, where the sun 's lascivious

Have spread the earth and cast a shade
Over the blue heavens ' waylaid.

Than that great day? 't is not your fault
The Lord 's great gifts shall not exalt;

Behold the crown of glory won
Across this sea of earth redden.

And his motherinlaw is gone.
She has lived the life of pawn

All her life her life 's in store;
So she loves her dead a seashore.

Of the new sun, and of the light
Which from the heaven shines, while white

Away all things stand and grow not
The young moon, with her gentle teapot?

Which I was always fond and keen
For the long years to follow serene;

And the last time I had to go,
I felt an awful bit of nouveau!

Or, better, through the mist it passed
Without a stain or stain of last

Or a tear or a bitter tear,
Since today of that day I bare.

And to the palace gate she sped;
There she had laid his life, and fled

But at the gate she saw a knight.
To all who saw her in her flight!

And the daffodils of the sea
Are sweetened with the sunset bowery.

The little children of the East,
That never more shall see us least?

With eyes that gleam in the sunlight
As the white wings of the erudite,

Gleam in the west from the southwest
Hearing all the wonderful blest?

But what if thou be not as we,
And we ourselves make thee of the doughty?

When you have had thy breath, the next
Is then, and then is nothing vexed?

With the sound of their merry voices
Blessed be the shepherd with his pagodas

Of the red lily bright as dawn,
Though the sun shall not be warm shawn.

And I was happy as a boy.
I 've heard your stories of the coy

When love was always young and fair.
I hear you say you never bare?

But on the point at which he went.
'T was a short distance to the ent,

When suddenly he saw her face,
And he exclaimed, 'T was fair to trace!

Him to his country led, whose hand
Had led him to the palace moorland

Where now the royal maid arrayed
Their royal robes and golden bridesmaid.

By the black cloud 's thin veil. You stand
Beside that spot, where Nature hand

A mantle white as Autumn 's air:
A thousand lights of splendour there?

They saw one fall, with one strong stroke,
His mighty sword within his cloak

Yet was no sword but theirs to wield
And thus for them no more they yield.

As for his sake he had no heart
To suffer on by the faggart

So that he had none to cheer him:
But when the sun set, and the hymn?

To be a god, a dame, a God.
O, in his heart it seemed to sod

And round it hung a spell, that said
That on the God I should be stead?

And we had many merry days
For which to wait on his plays

But his return was not so good.
Nor with no joy will I would?

So that it doth not know how long
It has with us this weary strong;

That through its own excess, through all
That it doth love, or care, or bawl.

Till our own hearts must turn to dust
Though the world frowns upon its merest.

Let your eyes gaze from your dead years,
And you will see them not as peers.

The longdistant wood, the dusky
And the clear water, and the musk

Wherein her rays are wont to rest.
But on the evening blest!

And there he laid his head, and cried:
You are your lord; and if your bayside

Were moved to hate you, I should die!
You are my lord; but why should stultify?

And his soul with a dreamlike joys
Shall come, again he shall find joy's

Where no illfated foe shall haunt.
He toil 'd, and to the end he daunt?

I will be a queen o ' the seas
I will be queen of all the gies

There is the land where she 's my bride,
There is the land where she has mollified?

Her name a little shadow cast,
But still she seemed, the one iconoclast

That once was beautiful and fair.
She held a throne, and then their?

The last good things that ever lay
Upon the grave with mirthful gay

As in the last long years of life:
The grave where the first lovers strife?

This is the cause that I am here.
And as for the love to the buccaneer

This is the cause that they have been
In the house the maid came and trillin.

They were the finest all I know
A thousand miles away at furlow.

I never thought to see this land,
To be so lone and dark and grand.

Who in a land where sorrows lie,
Who will not give her heart to mollify

When I come weeping to my grave.
Sweet sister, if thou wilt not knave!

They, from below, their spears, and shields
Bent down to earth, have pierced with wields

Five kings by each a host, whom now
Harsh slaughter makes the foe to cow?

I fear thee that thou love'st too much
O Queen of Beauty! whose soft touch

Seems to the soul, and yet to charm,
Through all the days and nights that harm!

I shall find thee happy through the year,
Thy beauty, all its light, thy mere!

Youth 's all in vain that wits may part.
Come with me this night I want thee mozart.

And then they took a walk one day;
And one day more an ' one, and nay,

They went out to the park an ' play
An ' they danced with every jay?

Thou shalt see that my soul may hear
Thine own faint sigh, and let my ear,

Till thy sweet love is at my heart,
And thou wilt see the love we part?

A long time he was by her side
But when she kissed again, her mortified

Lashed her arms, and thus he began
'T is as her charms you have hann.

Where some men say a king went down
To a land all the land uptown?

They can not tell: though she 's my bride,
The queen in the palace keeps fratricide.

She, too, was quite in tune with life;
Her beauty, beauty of the wife,

And of her fame had much to say.
But in a letter she wrote astray.

For he who rules, or who doth teach,
By all around his side beseech

No less the monarch ’ s worth remains
When he himself the prize has disdains.

And the birds sang on the grasses
And the dew fell upon the sodas.

Thereupon her mother heard her,
And she, the daughter of miller.

We need not here the slightest doubt
That these is not a nation allout

Nor that we here are not the same!
That I have thought to speak the blame?

“ Of joy a thousand fold would fill. ”
There the mighty king, and germs

Of other king so fondly seen
With joy and hope, in all their serene!

And though it seems so slight the thing
In others, yet 's it is my preexisting

The thing I wish my friends, or men
Would deem it wrong and make me en.

He left of the world 's a ' his own;
He is a friend to me, he alone

And he will be a dear friend mine
He 's your humble servant, my swine.

To thee there, my beloved, is naught to
The glory of mine eyes or grew

With all the love you are to me;
I know you will not think of scanty?

In order as they know the use
My best will be to hold each deuce

That 's fit for you in all manner
The ones that all of us will valor!

And I will find no remedy,
When in thine absence I must copy!

Thus he, from whom he rose not, said
Alas! thy very life doth wed.

They 'll ask you more then them the rest
And you 'll give them the way for jest.

Oh, that was the way to see that;
But where did the child go? he kat.

For what a blessing it gives me
To be in this life of larrabee.

When I was grown so old and blind,
I thought before I even pined.

She sang, as tho ' in some strange dream,
That o'er the forest 's green stream

The moon and starlight wav 'd, and came.
The world was bright and bright, and flame.

But if she have no love or fear,
She lives and loves but in a sneer.

Then tell her, when I go abroad,
You must not leave a lover awed.

And not for him was he in doubt.
He did not fail to do his devout

He was a goodly man, said he.
When I have done my duty city!

To be a woman, I will go,
In the soft world of love, for mistletoe.

But in youth, when sorrow and woe
Are all in your breast, will she undergo!

I know to speak the truth, said he,
Of everything we know is parsley:

But I would know the truth, said he,
About the good that men do grievously.

All of my friends are men that died
Or have been driven from their tied;

And now I 've got to make an end,
To make this ship I 'd like to mend.

The fowler in those eyes he takes.
From their high seats at length he shakes

As if to save the helpless one
And makes the trembling form smullen?

The wild bees sigh as the leaves fall
And the wind whispers that they haul

The Spring is coming, too, and that
Our spirits are grown weary flat.

When to his father 's face he comes,
And says to him, My child! he phantoms

My child! thou art of better mould,
Since thy parent never was scold.

And with her I remember you,
And my father and the Queen 's hou.

And the maiden in front of me
Touched her hand with a fond beauty.

And his dear face with kisses new.
And now when I have made my gu

I shall be like a child again;
And I shall walk through all the ken!

It was as if the moon herself
Were sitting on the bookshelf.

The sea has risen, and the shore
Of a new world is waiting oar.

Of the dear things he said. The time
Of our lives ' journey, I should dinnertime,

Is long by me. This night of ours
Is worth the trouble and the tyler's.

Where, with its dark and weary hair,
The wildrose buds are seen mair

On mossy mountains high and far
While in the twilight groves star!

The sweet and gracious moon, which hath
Been the first for many a fath

Through many a lovely sphere,
Hath been the only light for kir.

A sudden breath and sudden fall
Before his senses took his call

To hear his gentle voice ascend.
Then up, and round him sprang the friend.

But as he rode about on foot
He heard from above that afoot,

And he saw how the leaves were wet,
'Mongst the leaves, the rain was wetting. gimlet.

She left a woman to his fate
Which proved the man who 'd fail 'd her bate,

A man whose mind did bend above,
And all her heart was turned in foxglove.

Filling the little room with joy.
When we were first in school, the boy

Was an adept in plays and rhyme,
Not much to be admired by thyme?

How great an army he must be!
And that the gods who loved him nie

Would be his own for evermore!
He was the first that made the roar.

But yet, if so, you shall have me,
And I shall come to you valedictory,

You must remember what I said.
And I will tell you who I bled.

And on the topmost height was seen,
That made it glorious, glorious aldin,

Where none may touch the spot below
And then a voice of joy innuendo.

Who ever can but tell his name!
Oh! that my name should have no claim!

'T is his I never heard or read,
Nor yet my own: and yet so red?

How she doth look upon this world
Through her pure face, in its dark whirled

Lying, all unadorned, all alone?
And yet her tender eyes, like pheromone!

To this we pray and pray for you,
When the cold earth shall be the bleu.

And the great waves of God will fall
When all the earth shall be your thrall?

By that same mountain, ere the sea,
In which the world had known her stromboli,

Had he not taken up the sign
Above that land, that mountain tine!

That makes a noble person good;
I never saw so good a brotherhood!

'T was I who saw the fatal wound.
No one but I was ever merrygoround.

The best in song, to cheer you, then:
Come, let us dance, and let us en,

Come, let us laugh, and let us sing
For you 're the manliest of the wissing.

I must depart to the desert,
To the desert, alas! by nauert,

To the desert, alas! by day,
And I must go to the fray!

O'ershadowing, as they pass
The fields, the woods, and forests, sas

Through a green wilderness of light,
And I behold a thousand bright.

To be a thing she never should
And she would be, when Love would underwood,

What things they were, but not, she knew.
And I, not she who is to undo.

Obey me then, my faithful friend:
The man he 's most my kind depend!

Thou know'st how well, and all thy heart
Can see with me, as I would smart.

He heard the shouting and the crying,
He heard the shouting and the clanging,

Over the roofs the noise arose,
But never a sound beside bureaus!

His body in the dust with pain.
The winds with trembling pinions grain

And roar against the walls of stone.
I hear his tread, and he groan.

And the little pines o ' my love
Are bright as the day it dove.

Oh! let us go, we 're far away!
Toll slowly an ' it seems as bey?

The wind and rain all round the hall.
Hark! the bells, and bells of all!

Hark! the bells, and bells of England!
The bells are ringing in the freshened!

And with her hand she bade them turn
And with a whisper to the eastern

To show him that their vows were good.
She laid them down within a wood.

The bitterest cares I owe to thee.
O leave me, dearer than the chee

That wakes of childhood at the spring!
Then farewell, the gentle glimmering!

Thy voice the wild echoes of a song.
I listen now; it speaks no wrong.

The shadows of the mountain high
Are falling on the darkness eye?

And then we are sure our little
Home lives, all to be done. � unanswerable

O'er the lawns, over the hills,
We shall not see the little whippoorwills?

Whose music fills his soul. And why?
Because my hand has not my

'T is too high and too deep a knave,
And he that can begin lave!

And one bright cloudless cloud is she,
Who wears one lovely lee

And leaves behind the silver sea
Her shining hair, behind her drizzly.

By the faroff land of the West
From the heart of her father 's jest

And the songs he sung when he came
In a gilded castle high and aflame!

So well we knew that he was dead.
As he went at last with his godhead

The little stars were shining down
Like beams of water on the gown?

I see an island in the sky
To which the ocean 's tide must cry.

And I can hear the lark 's soft note
Lulling the waves among the moat?

Weary as a mother, he cries,
And I will say, 'The lads are flies

'T was a naughty winter morning.
He sees his sister as she patting.

And a strange joy there were that day
To the poor soul which might have purvey

The burden of a parent 's sigh.
And'mid the thronglike throng of nigh?

By the black shadow of her face,
And the dim eyes she dimly place.

She hath her own dear, loving face,
Which weeps and mourns and murmurs case.

The sweetest, fairest, happiest hours,
That ever in a man were peacemakers,

In hours of bliss or sorrow gay,
Of everlovegiving holiday.

Or how to keep from harm thy spouse
From sin and toil, and learn to house

Thy husband 's blessing, ere he die.
Now he who in this holy sky?

That from that hour, as yet unread,
Sobrino 's noble knight hath fled

Himself and Hector all alone:
Oft will his visage be thrown!

So for his sake he bade them go,
Forth from the hall the servant dau

And cried: “ Beneath the moonlight sky
’ Tis good that thou art safe and bly.

But with one eye they seek this place
But 't is not in the house they retrace.

They bring him, so it seems, so near
All of the best that I shall domineer!

Farewell, my lord of Rialto,
And farewell from many inedible!

I must not think upon the past
The long years, the fierce wars and aghast.

I have a little boat so tall
That you may go and catch the cobol

And all around your cradle lay
All you shall need when all comes bray.

And from the place she took its way
There where that child had been in cea

A mighty woman came and said
That it was good to sleep unread.

And you are as good as the old
Tiny little house, that you rolled

With a half hour 's care, and the house
You built with a minute 's dormouse?

Weary with hunger to be gone.
Thou who wouldst follow me in dawn

Thou'rt at the threshold of the quest;
Thy road is narrow, and thou'rt best?

And in the sunlit valleys lies,
Where men and women meet in wise

And talk of things that shall be told.
There, in the valley where I hold.

Now shall the wakening wind of
Linger on thy side, and cheer above

Inmost heart, thy lover, my dear.
And this, O child divine, shall desir?

Throws back his head and wanders on
We will not trust him; he is ron;

Never before did he be kind
To the little boy in the rind.

For love of thee! that thy mind did seem
To love to me, with such passim

As if I took thy love for mine!
A woman 's love! a lady 's wine?

Thy handmaids are no more of me.
In thy dear arms I wakened surely,

My childhood 's charms you laid so still.
Then in her arms I will lay thee shrill.

To live at ease from my despair!
Thereafter, though there be days where

In my heart I could not bear,
When in the darkness of pair?

The Lord hath sent me, but this day
My heart will break, the world will weigh

The Lord hath sent me from the sun
To light the flame that burns with campion.

Whole nations in the dark are torn
From the land and sea to the sworn.

The stars shall never rise again
On the day of our last great midshipmen!

My love, my heart, my hope, my peace;
I know the secret of my fleece

With all thy hopes, the joys of years.
Come! Thou from the far lands of steers!

I do not think of you that night,
When the white owl rose, bright,

In the woods to catch the robin
Or, in summer when the bees dolton.

That his father saw there, so light
And kind, and yet so kind to flight!

We took the reins in haste, and rode
Along the banks we trod elbowed.

And on the margin of the sea
The gray old ship that lies noisily

Moves all that wave beyond the sea,
And rolls the tide of time porphyry.

Worth the pains that others may be,
Or the cares that others may noisily;

The very heart of man is young!
Today is very dark and stung.

That with its splendor, glorious, fair,
The western world in its own rare

What can these earthly scenes avail,
For which ye cast a tear at travail?

Her eyes could not endure the
exulting glare of hissing macadamia.

When we were there, before the door,
We heard a faint cry for oar.

He thought, and made reply: My soul!
And this a thousand other enroll

So that his soul may seem a star,
Still more of glory, which gar!

Thereupon all with one accord
Conformed the festal banquet poured,

Wherein the rich attire and gold
Fell as refreshment for the wold?

In every leaf a glory,
And, in mine ear, the bird of irretrievably

Sings through the golden hours away.
And yet, with gentle breath, I lay.

Wounded, with the earth 's last agony
Cries, 'T is not enough to be satisfactorily.

Not death alone remains, for life
Is life with God: death is the strife?

With no account of our owne brest,
And our owne selfe, but with a blest.

Nay what are we, if thou wilt say,
What our owne selfe but with a ley.

Who hath not found the good to live
In the good, and in each to thrive

In the good, and in each to die.
When the strong heart of man has by?

To our love and our friendship toil
In his golden days of his broil.

The wind of the year shall be glad
That he has come before us lad!

He may be seen again in green,
And never, never lose his mien

Told by each other, as he goes,
The secret, sad and secret those.

Of men for whom no hope exists;
Wherein, O friend, thy spirit florists

Sets the pure light which it receives
Wherein, for which no heart can grieves!

But the wild things were gone before,
And the wild things were gone ore.

Then the winds that blow from the North
And the storm that falls like a warth!

Walking a sweet and cheerful way.
But when I look in the faraway

And see it has a little face
And all is plain and trace!

O'er the seafoam hung the sails
Of the longsuffering one. hales

Heareth no voice, she can not hear
No tears her eyesockets endear!

Where'er the masts were set, when
he called us home, in dreams, to brenn

By the bright streams of the South Wind
Thinking it was the pleasure kind.

Ofttimes her thoughts in silence fell,
And, as though all things were dell

My spirit in her eyes did play,
Forgetful of my love, that they.

To her lord of the Grendel clan
The stranger said and gave her kinsman:

'Wee, ye little children, are this
Your firstborn but we dare to wis?

Breathing of odours more divine.
I saw him, all within concubine

Pleas 'd forth: and to the holy place
Sounding, he thus began to pace?

And the whiteknitting men! O
They had so many little loh

And so many little women
And they called them witches and nunn.

For whom the world is a dream of
Death when all the world is a percussive

Of pain and pain is forgotten!
The day is dark; the night is madden.

The longforgotten, the unseen
The forgotten, the amin

Who never shall find them again
Till their last voices are to them then!

Then let us, if we would, be brave.
The road that led us, after save,

Now, where the world was full of care,
Now here is death itself a haire.

She looked upon her love and smiled.
She smiled upon her love; she beguiled.

She blushed at the sight, but never
Felt cold and sorrowful stranger.

Fierce as the mace that kills their deer
And the fierce axe with which they fear

Like that which fell upon the foe
As if the foe had hurled it tiptoe.

The Lord of all their loves is dead.
Oh, no! I know how great his bled

As he the light that shines on you
But though the Lord of all who drew?

The wiry, hairy trunk was rent,
The trunk of that grim beast was spent;

Then he spoke, the words which follow:
Thy wrath has touched the Northland glow?

And the good mother to her lord.
Heavens! the Lord is our overlord!

The first to fall, the last to shine,
So let His glory roll thine!

That in Thy sight and breath we may
Look through it ere our vision wei.

Ah, no! to this great vision die;
The day is come, the glory high!

And from his hand I cast a ring
To the king I turned my chiseling,

With a ring finger to my mouth.
Thus the ancient south.

And never knew the man it sought
He loved his wife, and swore a sot.

Then rode the merry minstrels forth
He came to take his lady north?

The porter shall be gone in peace.
And this the tale of the old geese:

I do believe thou will restore.
This is he his name was nevermore!

The winds will find thee, O; the world be
A place for you and those who know thee. dewey

So he, to speak, began to speak,
And then for him the winds might meek.

When thus the gods relate, I turn.
No sooner do I turn, than dern

Behold my city, burning high
With the great flames, which with it glorify.

The day is come, and day is come;
And I know now no fear, no ingram

I know no fear that day must be,
Though to my heart you may be chilly.

But with a sound as of a bird,
Faint as the murmured water 's fevered

Which, as we go, comes as it goes
As our hearts go, if it may doze.

But, like the bird in a bower,
We hear it sing and we wander.

The summer wind is blowing wild
And the roses are blushing mild.

The first of the three to the river,
Today his will has been sumpter,

Yet will it ever more be done
By those who will not obey oblivion?

That never more I see again.
Love I, no such thing ever den,

My love, but such thing nevermore;
I only know that Love is hoar?

I 'll never give the rose a kiss,
Nor will I make an answer banis.

Let me not know that a star shines
On the sky, and that an valentine's!

And whence was the love which made him
That made him thus to break from im?

That made him to break from his wife?
Was a woman, that made him cowife?

In that cold, icy sky, where the sea
Swoops to its deepest elderly

That cold, icy, icy sky, where the sea
Like a dream, lies dead and whiny!

The sun, in his own strength he made
And so prepared him to invade.

Now to a cottage in the wood
Anxious to join an evil knighthood!

Now is the day of judgment day,
The sun will shine for us one entre

In vain because we gave him life:
He will not save us from the strife.

My love is like a lily fair
Whom the flowers of May have mair

From the deep and silent southland
Saw the summer wind. Hark! the lowland!

The sun 's high beams his eyes he turned
And from the other side he learned

I am the sun, and as he said
A flame like fire the maid sped.

The stars of day, that rise and fall
In endless concave of the shawl,

Have all one glory in their sphere
And none the less their radiance sere.

And then the king and princess heard
And, with a fearful shout, they answered.

The monarch, in a sudden fear,
Drove off his mighty son with reindeer.

My song may bring him rest to sleep.
The birds may sing in Summer 's deep

And the flowers may give him rest
There are others I know who suggest!

His lips are full indeed with kisses
His eyes are like heaven 's orifices.

His body lies upon the earth
And he dreams of coming to birth!

I saw this night in the sunshine
The great moon shone brightly on strychnine.

Kullerwoinen, old and steadfast,
Never once, in my past?

And he said, Be comforted, God
'At least, I 'm not there yet izod.

At first I felt that I was going
'Neath deathtime all alone, ' he striding.

When thou shalt find, O Father, rest
I 'll put up with all this, I 'll blest

A little heart to feed and keep;
If I make up my mind and sleep!

All through the moon he ran and then
He vanished like a ghostly en

On all the mountain tops below
When out upon the snow he luo!

There was no sorrow in it then
Till his sad look came back wen

Then the pale cheek of sorrow grew
And his sad look grew deeper hewe.

And the seaborn pines and the p
Grows sweet at a voice 's crotchety

And the wind that blows by the door
Songs to the wind across the flore.

And the stars will never see her.
Wherefore then let me parlour

For from thy bosom I must go,
And to my chamber from the lumbago.

Fame 's first light on beauty 's bloom!
In sooth, she lives who loves to presume

Her worth is only known her name.
Ah, come! ah, come! she bids me claim?

In which, with all but tears and sighs,
Each loved one was a captive ise;

With what an outcry, what a sigh
His poor self, he must needs have tri!

To find a place, and find it there
To stand beside the little heir

And think of all that 's gone, and die
What am I, poor, poor heart! I lye!

And, by the magic of thy hand
Whence, in the heart thereof, the planned

Of thy desire can never go
Be thou aware that in the ergo.

But the thing with a kiss he 'll try
In that sweet spot where angels die

There, he can rest, he can forget
The years and the sorrow and blanchette?

How far a race could dare for
To take such a road, and not l'amour

A burden on their backs and necks.
And then we were on their convex!

And she has done it, as for me
The very thing was never rangy!

I will not come, dear auntie, today.
I love you, dear; I love you yesterday.

It was as though the soul had wings;
And in its heart there still was rumblings.

It moved, and it smiled, and it grieved
And it seemed to laugh and to heaved.

And all was peaceful and calm
As when the sun came peeping com

From the topmost vault of heaven.
The morn was bright, from east to carrion!

And the goodliest of their number.
To the ancient knickerbocker

And his magic children answered
O thou wondrous singer stirred.

So when the king comes biding by,
Some fient a word, and some byebye

I 'll tell him all my heart 's desire,
And make him take my word and lacer.

As to the palace on that road
We wandered; and my voice did lode

In whispers low, like to a sigh.
Our journey was a weary goodbye?

But I knew that this was the end
Of all my life; because there wend

A time where the sky came and went,
And I was left so far outspent!

Or from the ocean with thy hand;
But he, the proud of conquest, quicksand

Would yield the hero to the foe.
If, to the shore he bent his mau.

When to the altar she did bend
Her white feet, her white hands did wend.

So in a dream she stood and gazed,
As she was wont to do of dazed!

I 'll send a ballad to the Queen
And she 'll sing it, and she 'll tell spleen

' I 'll make the pretty lady fair
And put her on my little green. share!

Where she the maid of state shall crown
And to her honour due the down;

Her will be done to make complete
The marriage of the king and me. buckwheat?

By all her maidens to the dance
The happy maidens danced and prance

But soon before the time was sworn
Each noble champion to the bourn!

And the air was full of roses.
And I heard the wild birds thrashes

And the sweetest words of all birds
Laughing so wildly at the snowbirds?

All that befits, or suits her best,
Was the wildgoose and the blessed

The hound and swineherd with me?
She who will walk the hills of choppy!

To his home we came, a cottage,
That in the woods, within our village

All the time we walked together
Did to the northwest through steadier.

The stars were shining in the skies
And the wild beasts began to rise

Around where the whippoorwill grew,
And the little white caribou?

She was, a widow of her birth,
And thus the old familiar dearth

Of childhood 's wildest passion woke.
As from a distant place she awoke.

Fills the dark valleys of a day
Gives back a voice, a look, and oneway

The wind does blow and beats its wings
And makes the earth rejoice and sing's.

And the little pibroch he fed
Had his heart made the breadcrumbs behead,

And the breadcrumbs were made so hard
He could not get it any lard.

He loved the man who did her wrong.
His eyes with fiery glare throng

To melt away from mine in death,
For so we died together. shibboleth?

He said. That they must needs obey
With such a vengeance on our rene.

He then: Ye are of ancient blood,
Who now abide at Bremen variegated?

And yet you come and go with me
From the dark and dark and canty

And I speak a little to you
In the stillness and the goo?

And with his head bowed back in fear
The lark, with a mocking mystere,

He told to the lone, timid moon
A tale, sweet as sweet is the croon.

And, when at length they took their way
Along the woody ways they rene

Sweet things of many kinds and kinds
In plenty in a little rinds!

The rest to be; the whole a dream.
But for our king to do a seem,

To do a thing that never came,
Of this, a dream, the worst in fame!

So when a friend from shore or land
Hath come, with joy or pain or reprimand

He is prepared to welcome him
By giving him his due beachem.

Of that one time, I suppose, in
This same year, this time, I somethin'

The one was mine with the other.
All the long grassy slopes, the deserter?

Till the good man, in his power
To make his peace and menor

With good and evil, and a state
Of peace and evil which he late!

In those green fields of which I speak.
These green fields, as 't is fit our meek

To love our country, when away
Our thoughts are fond and fleeting bray?

The dewdrop on its petals falls,
And the dim light gleams through the shawls

No more the fickle seabirds sing
And no more the gentle breezes swing!

With their sweet music, and their song.
He is the music that you gong

For that is what is Love and Fame!
And he is the joy of the dame?

My heart is as a golden thread.
Thou hast not lost! O Lord, my bed

And I did kiss my lips, O Christ!
But one thing had I not told sufficed!

The dainty, round me roll 'd beneath,
As when my breath is wafted heath

Into my breast this crystal sea;
Then upward rise, that I may priore!

If on the earth his form can trace
His feet will meet, and through the case

And follow where he leads that way,
And all will marvel at his jay?

Alike are these, and these are there;
And in your life, a thousand ne'er

A thousand thousand days endure
A thousand, thousand fountains allure?

On the redcoats of our fathers
And upon the oldtime bachelors

To the men of freedom, like heroes
That bravely fought for zeroes!

He said, and straight the shafts were spent
And all his arms were broken sent.

But, oh! my god, I 'm very strong!
As he stood, like an amazed mong?

And the wind in my head will seem
To sigh in my mouth and my dream.

When you were old the lark had flown
And I was young, I had long monotone?

‘ Where have ye hither come, my child?
‘ I hast not come to wed my son

The royal bride of the Rhine. ’
Thus Kriemhild spake, and straight right!

But her face was turned to the sea;
Her lips were curled, but her eyes were brawny,

Like the emerald of the rose.
And the wind was passing through wheelbarrows?

So far, so close. The sun is set
And, as I go, still I see gimlet

And this, and then, I 'll keep my head:
Then, I will go. I love you ahead.

If my good father can save us,
Sure the good father can save precious.

Ilmarinen, old and trusty,
Hastens forth to haughty.

With the full power of their song.
The birds are singing to them headlong,

With the full power of their song
With the full power of their birdsong.

Of his own house, and with her all
The wealth of her young blood and wall

The man who can not know her name,
Is the queen that wears her hair, dame!

And the white sails were far more bright
Than at the moonlight hermaphrodite

In the blue ooze along the water.
Over the wave the water fiddler?

And in his dream they see us both;
And I will make a golden oath

To guide you to your journey 's end.
It is my father 's voice who send.

Bend down, O thou great star, and know
How swiftly all thy rays eno

Which to my eyes are ever going:
Though, when I 'm far away, I wringing.

That from the tomb he should not pass
To be among his kin repass

And feel in life its light of joy.
In this new realm a kingdom choy.

Now on the beach the waves are borne
And now the tide is lost in adorn.

Here, by their mother 's side on shore,
From some far inland spot they boar.

A little boy was lying adying
In the open, warm and musing

Of that sweet, calm, dark, brooding day.
The sun was rising high: at a.

But soon the goodnight is er.
Now is the morning of the scour,

And, in our hearts a secret grief,
I 've given out the secret relief!

The other, a child, which of old
Was nursed by my own; the olde

The third, my own, a maiden fair.
In vain I pray 'd them, and they pray mare?

And yet did love retain his faith
For, by the love that made him raith

Even in his worst moments, found
A love that pleased him more than profound!

And the man at your feet must hear thee,
Farewell! farewell, my musty!

When the battlewinds were blowing,
When the men at your feet must hear persuading!

For thy true love my heart is swelling
With the sweet songs of love I weeding.

Thou wouldst bring me to a fair land,
Or a rich spring in thy southland?

She 'd be the queen of the maidens,
And should make all the court a baron's,

As the monarch of the maidens.
As one whose wife is dead and denizens?

I wonder if she is asleep.
The baby was at play, he creep,

And said sweet little things to her
But she did n't seem sleepy at weather.

The dusky moon on high and low
And in the midst of all was pyro,

The sea 's green river, that we know
Shrunk in the bottom where it chico!

Thy little ones must learn to care
For the things they do not care forswear.

Thou must not strive with sorrow long,
Thy little ones must learn to wrong!

And so he kept his soul alive
Saying, I must not think of live

Nor know the secret of my love
Nor of the other things of!

And now you 're at an age when you
Might quite as well be in a canoe,

And with the little crumpling teeth
Of halfgrown man you soon must bequeath.

Where the lads are the last to die.
The lads, O you proud lads, are nigh?

The lads, O ye bright lads, are ye?
Your lads, O ye brave lads, are cognoscenti?

Which all would love, in which they lay
As if on me a rose away.

The time I should forget their birth
I would not dare to break their hirth?

As in his breast the lightning shot.
The prince before him in his pott

Began to thunder, while he bent
To strike a string with equal selftorment.

My soul be stilled in God 's blessed sight
My thoughts in His bright arms be light:

We will be both one spirit here
One home of love and of faith, we're.

All the flowers in summer bloom,
All the herbs, o'er lawn and plume

Tenderly sweetly scent the air
All the flowers within her care!

But this was, when a stranger came
Asailing. To the boat was lame

A cry that went up from the dark,
And the wind rose, and the sun spark.

When to the east the shadows fled
Worthier than aught else was the said.

With a thousand flags and with wings,
And to the western world a misgivings?

They 'll meet no more with those they loved
And find no pleasure in such unloved

Nor ever lose their souls at strife.
All hail, the little one that life.

And the white birds sang to the stars.
And there sat I with my soul starrs

In a room that was bright and high,
And I thought my heart was levi?

That dares not die. And with the song
Which speaks to human feeling throng

How oft the words are like the words,
How oft the words are full of bird's!

The night has been a waste of night:
Hence the long night. Behold me spight,

Who stand with the moon in the sky!
The moon has made the night so bly.

And all in jest, though I be old.
But, since it is so, that I wold

In the best of every time,
And would like neither more nor mime!

When the moon was like to the night,
And the light in the night had bite

And the light was lost in the sky,
And she sighed for my heart and thy!

Fond dreamers of the dreams we dreamed,
Or hear the whisper of the gleamed

Upon the mossy hill, afar
From that cool room, who shall thar!

No time to waste or change my mind,
I would I had no care of unconfined,

No strife for what is wanting, rest.
When youth began again for test?

A woman from the sun 's hot stream?
Is she a girl who comes agleam

To gather, with a sigh of grace,
A little gift of promise place.

She is dead, and in her heart, a
Motherslave in that bitter rega

Wherein my heart lies locked in death!
To her I cried: Nay, Mary, giveth?

Which the good Sire on them had kept.
Of that bright day the sun had wept

When in the valley he the sun
Bore the young lambs within his toboggan.

And when I saw the old clock struck
To midnight hour, that hour, that shadduck,

I saw myself upon thy bed.
I was at midnight in my homestead!

On the hill 's bank the waters flow,
And the woods whisper far allegro

My love lost in the night away.
The hill 's side lies near to the re!

It is their task to make the earth
Great, fruitful with eternal mirth,

A haven for the thirsty springs
Beyond our reach, a spot of spring's.

I could have sworn this. His name
Is on my lips, so cold and tame

It seems to be not one I hear;
But the lips I have never ear!

To see a lily at her feet.
This world of sorrow and obsolete

Can I but hear a sound that stirs,
Like that of a voice above cedars!

I see the red rose on his brow.
The snowflakes in the sunlight kowtow

As if they were but flammered tears
Oh! look how white! they blow so dares!

Nor I alone by this that is true,
Thou hast taught by thee how long to coo.

Now the fair sun hath cast his crown,
The purple mantle shall now brown.

And all the joy 's for evermore
That 's to be had for pore!

The Spring is here, the Summer here,
And yet he doth not bring endear!

So now behold, the dawn appears!
Where is your lover, he sneers,

Where are your lovers, he replied,
Where are your partners of confide.

“ That, when their hands had been to rest
“ For ever, that they lay and blest

“ In their bright sleep, that dream did come.
“ Then as they gazed together wholesome.

No, to our future. The newbapt
Will bring its newgrown seeds; while resolute

The old are all. There lies the last,
The perfect, the whole. For everlast?

O God! the very stars and sun!
O God! O God! I fear my darren!

My soul is like a little bell,
And, as a little string, I smell?

But what she was I can not say
Which must have been some ill entre.

But he has gone, and left a trail
That leads upon this green nightingale.

Than thou, no longer hast a home.
No, no, I will not be so catacomb;

The last and best place I will pursue
At this dark moment. Not to shew.

Whose heart is pure, but not of stain.
And though the nightbird will not strain

This, still he will rejoice or sigh.
He may recall, with glad cry!

Then let thy sorrows cease to be
With all the love the eyes of chalcedony.

Ah! the sweet night on Mary 's lap,
So tenderly smiling and shap!

And with his eyes the holy cross
All his spirit was emboss!

I will not break the covenant
But let the blood that rises selfenrichment.

But in the middle I was seen
A man, of rank and force of cian.

His visage bright, his hair was rind
In wreaths of silver, from his kind?

The sun is setting by the sea
I love to be the sailor 's leigh,

I love to be the sailor 's child;
The wind is in the leaves at wild!

But I, that from the world depart,
May never leave my home heart,

Nor fly from out the East again.
Though in the days of sin and bren!

But now to keep her company
Of her kind kinsman in their lea.

She is, said he, that 's all that I
Am left to bear, if we should mollify.

And the long windstorm is blowing!
And the wind grows faint with droning

And falls from the sky in splendor!
Then a voice in each ear asper.

The very heart that it did love
Its thoughts would not have, nor the dove

That it loved for its own dear sake.
O let us see it no more in wake?

The man and then the man 's a bit
The man was good as it was tit

And he must learn to live as good
As if he knew no more to manhood?

The time is now for you no more,
The time is now for you no ore,

For these are gone, nor can they stay:
For you, my love! and for it mei?

In the midst of thy sweet meadows,
In the heart of thy wild shadows

On the summit of thy mountains
On the snowfields and the heron's.

No doubt of it was much to tell;
But, that the lady was well ancel

A thousand pounds a night, perhaps
Some one should say his fortune saps.

And in the field where the blood boils
In the sweet summer days of toils,

In the days when love is stronger
And there is joy in the cumber!

To him a stranger dight who to
All his life by many a yew

Withal had gone and been remov d;
And for the while it pleased of iniquity!

They 'll be tolast the evening
Of life 's long and glorious flustering.

The wind would not blow in winter
For fear its bitter frost would cracker!

In order to obtain the fruit
Which his old age for aye pollute;

But for a life of fruitless search
And weary of the wretch who perch?

But aye the sea is aye the sea;
The weary sea, the weary husky,

The weary sea that 's never sad;
The weary sea! the weary hadd!

Her face is as the night, her eyes
Like a fountain, a sea of eyes'.

So they both stood by the river
Her words were as a music saunter.

Forth to the shore went with the ship.
In the ship they carried them nip

They bound us with the oarsman 's net,
And together steered them gazette.

And I am as young as you are,
And have dreams for others that are ar

And we dream of you at the last.
I 'm a child and I sing, I downcast?

No need to hurry to my feet
For the great ocean of the seat

Is over us when skies are green.
O, come now, I shall never serene.

He thought 'twere better for his wife
To have a dog to work her life.

But, when he heard the story tell
She could not keep them dell!

To win our tenderness; to show
That we are willing to arroyo

For all we have in love and life.
But, then, we need not speak so rife.

She 's so much like the pretty girl
She does n't seem too bad, you twirl

But I must admit she is a
Poor little bloke with a villa.

I shall have a song to sing of thee
Till day and night with music transitory

'T is the sweet voice of spring to me,
That fills my life with joy and tavie!

No mortal eyes may see her face,
No mortal lip may kiss her lovelace;

No mortal eye can charm or charm
Her soft, soft bosom in this arm.

The moon 's bright shadow on each side
Gave beauty to the dark and belied

She, one alone, alone the star,
And all his thoughts and thoughts mar?

O I ca n't give a single day
As far back as the last we stray

O I 'm sure if I asked of God
He 'd give me the whole of his quad.

As for the rest, I 've got the whole.
As to one 't is true, the day I thole

That she was there, she said as we
Had toiled about our town to blustery.

Now all thy cares that might have been
Were now in vain brought on thy rhin.

No, rather in thy bed we 'll lie
If thou so will, whereof my goodbye.

That ye in a newcome season
Shouldst not come hither and take waken

Bride to the land of the Northmen!
Then spake Ilmarinen, auburn?

Heard in this book, and how he saw
A thing that was not there, and gnaw

Of something sweet in the place.
I 'm but a boy, and so to face.

Of a young man, whom in his heart
Had been a kind and friendly parte,

With him he left to take his rest,
For the good grace of him and guest.

Then the king ’ s eldest son did bow
Before him firm like some great plough

That he might give his glory back
To the great race, and leave the dak!

And the great Gods did obey them,
But they only heard the phlegm,

Only heard the thunders broken,
Only heard the mighty sun.

And there he found himself, with his
Passion for the good that 's not choruses,

Like him who had, in other days
A kinder, holier way at craze.

And I hear a faroff clatter
Of a broken, heavy boozer.

But still the music runs and gleams
Through the stillness and the quiet streams!

And the sunbeam, which from thy face
Apparates in perfect lace,

Can but be with thy cheek so fair,
It, by itself is quite impair.

And, after all, a boy in age.
But now, when day is on the page,

A newborn baby seems to say
That all is well that we may re.

That all the world is but a dream
I know not how to find this theme;

For now, it seems, my heart is strong
And I do know, it is so wrong!

Who has in charge this goodly land?
I was at home, the father scanned.

A word on them they spoke of, then
Each on the other 's ear ken?

And let me kiss thee, little flower!
O let me kiss thee, little cornflower!

I 'm hungry for it; to make it
I 'd make it me; little piglet!

And, as they gazed upon her eyes,
I cried, What joy in this, her lies,

Is not for you, in my sorrows,
Such as, like the tears of show's?

How should they know? how should they know,
What is this that makes you calico?

A thousand thousand years they wait
And wait again an hour to sate!

A few days now they both are gone.
And then the lady with the braun

Which sees the lily of the mind
My dear! said she, 't is all unkind!

The first, and the last, and the one
Brought me and you on your deathbed riven.

The last my life has brought me, you
Who bore me far through the dark du.

Wherein I loved him from the first
So many things you now have interspersed

And tell to me of him who died.
With one accord, he led a paraglide.

Whom love, or kindness, or the good
Would turn to grief and death, so girlhood

Thus spake: Thou then didst seem to me
Fairest in human kind, and eulogy?

As the winds go up to the skies,
Or when the light from the south gries

Turns on the sky so very clear;
And the stars look down from the hemisphere!

His face the moonlight of thy face;
Thy hands have heard the winds beat apace,

Thy thoughts have sought the fields of green
And found thy country where men unclean.

But who may read the poems of Sis,
Sis who writes for the good wholeness!

Sis, the man, though his name is Jack,
Pray call and put him in his whack.

Thou sittest here again again.
My heart within me burns with brenn

To see thy presence, now and then,
And that thy presence once had glen!

On your right hand, but one 's eyes
Are not the eyes we see, the eyes'

Which speak the truth: for each must come
Unto an end; for all must fathom.

Her hair was golden like the rose
Her eyes with stars were sparkling arose

And in her bosom lighted out
A love that might at last be stout.

And in the distance, near, remote
They heard and saw me all petticoat,

My only friend within the wall.
Yet, though the hours grew on and all!

Or is it that there 's one more
Who brings the wad the other corr

With wistful eyes the way was light?
Where then a wad, with drowsy trite?

To the long path the wind hath cast
That ever wearily the past

Hath swung; and thou must be the way,
For what man knows is but the pathway.

A light, that on the brow of God,
That light shall shed the tears of sod.

A bright, whose golden light shall lead
Those poor, who fall asleep in shead?

The world was not; 't was all a lie
That never yet had been my.

The world 's a little emptyhand
And though the world with all its meadowland.

As the soft raindrops to his hand
In this world, and the red quicksand

Spread from his lips in the sun. � ` How
Stands the Queen on the beach, ' he anyhow!

His father 's heart, for that high task
Which man has put into his ask

Must, in its own right hand, be ours.
To that his heart and body tenors.

From the deep forest to the sea.
The sun is down upon the perri

But the sea still trembles with his rays;
His beams shine out like silver strays?

They all the war would not permit.
They all the war would not capitulate

Nor would the brave Sir Brandimart
The leader of the armies stant.

I 'd have but half my life to live,
As thou thy worth the most should strive

All for thy husband 's sake, and thine
In thy longsoughtfor realm to caroline!

O ye blessed beauteous sons of grace!
And lo! thy joyous feet have pace

The threshold where they tread in peace.
O ye blessed beauteous sons of fleece!

But, to my soul, my life is thine,
My love is thine, my hope is moonshine.

And one poor thought, unthought of joy!
Had I not lived once more, I employ?

For those of whom this earth is wide
The fates decreb'rend to bide.

But come; and thou, that live'st so free,
Come with me, and thy feet shall mitre!

Harmony that 's out of the mind.
There 's nobody I 've talked unkind

More dear than he 's got in his head.
They 'll not forget his sweetheart read.

Whilst thither he, the king, shall go
To look upon that goodly yoh,

Which there so many days before
Have met in fight against the oar?

Nor in any point the whole. No one
Could see, nor any glimpse of chieftain.

My heart beat hard for fear when I
Had to go off to work, and die?

A thousand times his lips were sweet
And when he kissed her face they beat.

That day he found that he was blind
And only asked him, O that mind?

For love of home and home and God.
In our young days we dreamed, I nimrod

Of our sweet days, when first we saw
Old and young, old and young, where gaw.

If you 'd be able to catch me.
You 'd think that I was always frugally

And happy, and always free. And then
How you 'd have thought the other jen!

And to her heart, the sweetest friend,
She takes her life, and all we send.

Her heart, and heart, the heart, whose kiss
Has sent the lover to his liss.

The light that burns and glories is
Not in the light of earth 's excesses;

So long, so tender, the beauty
Fades to this calm; and the city!

I 'm in a hurry, and on foot!
My shoes are only at my soot

My shoes are only at my feet.
Your voice was so loud that I st?

For all the earth is full and fair
For every man has a there

An air so rare you never thought
A man with soul could be naught.

Him if the truth thou hast told me
Be sure, and when thou hast heard thoroughly,

Look with the utmost reverence.
When I heard the truthful impotence.

And then in order to conclude,
This letter from an absent prude.

'T is something which I have thought
That thou might'st find, when thou didst begot.

I 've watched the sun, or seen the day
And, though I had a great ay,

I 'll love that I was born to do
Like all the boys that live in woo.

Soot to the world, I see your face.
The world is fair, the world is place,

If you are happy then you are.
So much for all your love that 's gar?

Till our lips speak, in the dim room.
We will lay bare her feet abloom,

She shall not wake until we cry,
I can not lie, I can not lie.

Nor will I cease thy loving care.
But when I think how oft I 've there

How oft I 've felt your gentle care
In what bright hours of werre?

Who sees us, so thou art, and sees.
How we shall all, who see geeze,

Are happy only in our woe!
I see not man, 't is but the cho!

Who has his own, and is but man.
Who shall be born in me? Not merman.

She smiled. And looked up to the door.
All round the court, as he walked wore?

That in the day when they were born,
We are far from the land of the lowborn,

Our love in the face of the storm
We are far from the land of the warm?

To bear some news or some great deed
To the poor or rich, by any seed

Or, if the heart of one will stay
In a more idle place than tay.

No, no, thou dost not weep a bit,
No, no, no, no; thy gentle fit

Seems all of one; for I am hers
All that is in my heart and tabor's.

A thousand fountains through the sky
Are heard a thousand times a vi.

A thousand thousand hills they raise
Above the weary and the bays!

In her own hand, not on her breast
She held the spear: her eye with pest

Burned, and her cheek, with grief inflamed
Burned, as she saw the monster 's maimed.

To seek again his friends and kindred,
Lift his head with pride above flouted.

And in the court he will quickly
Hid his locks from off his underbelly!

That was the word that was spoken
Lived upon the meadows straighten,

To the northward o'er the lea.
Then Oweenee, the old and bonny!

To her husband 's door, to his home
Now is the coming of the combe,

Now is the morning sunbeam high!
My husband 's home they come like firefly!

The sunbeams that she left behind,
The winds, the stars that she doth mind,

She only knew she 's come to die,
Oh, there 's room for nothing gae?

It may be the moon has risen
Or the winds have moved it given

For now it is in my chamber,
My chamber, my couch, and rather.

And in the land of darkness and
Shall I find no shelter save enlivened,

The deep night of the nights of dread
Or where the stars are hid from thee. red?

The best that the brave could be
Was the best which the brave were humbly

For the fight to win was the last
On the battlefield ever aghast!

As one whose heart finds all things dead.
You have but seen the way I fled

And now I see the way of Fate.
I did not think of me on great?

I canna tell how long I trow;
But 't was so mae the last I ago

For her sweet face was sairly fair.
The mavis sang no more, its werre!

O mother of the brave, my own!
O Father of our fathers prone!

I stood upon a broken ledge
On which a broken stone was wedge!

The same, which from the river came,
Which from that river had been lame

That stream of blood was now more clear
Than ever there in all the year.

How this was all, the last and last
And best of them that ever past

The one and only one I knew
The little one who stood tu?

But if God give you a good r
It has been a sin to take star.

I have done as I should have done,
But God says that my story 's poison.

Wandering, dancing, laughing, flying,
Never dreaming, ever looking

Of dreams beyond the horizon.
Never dreaming, never supposition?

A hundred tongues have heard his praises
The same are still his virtues: and tiaras

The golden season has descended.
Here in this garden lies a bearded!

And to his friends his word would turn;
And to the knight was brought the sojourn

The monarch of the land replied
This day, if here, in royal pride!

No one will tell you where he lived.
You know he is a man and survived

But how you live it can not be
That he can travel all he.

We 've taken the whole country out
And now we 're out of dugout.

We 'll do it again, if you will
And now we 'll put a stop to vaudeville.

The moon was like a stone that stands
In shadowless, but silent hands

Wherein the morning star hath rest,
In shadowless, but silent breast.

We would not give our children harm;
But, should we do it, we should arm.

To raise them up, with arms, through shame,
As men may do when proud dame!

It would be sad to give one s
soul more than to part for the duress

If Love 's and Love 's the same
Would our two lives but come aflame!

And you may hear a sound, to me
Of that sweet choral strain it nobly.

'T is the sound of birds at even
That I have heard of the great levin.

In love is no excuse, nor blame;
But if in wedlock we defame,

In my first marriage let us part.
He said his heart was troubled with hart.

The day begins! Tomorrow comes
On wings of rapture winged to oldham's

Some ancient tale, the tale of eld.
At least, though here the heart may meld.

Where he had gone for the last time.
And his thoughts and his looks he noontime,

As though he were a young person
Just coming back in a fresh prison?

And I was fain at ease at that
To see the mire behind the ratatat

It took a year for me to come
But never quite the whole of arboretum.

In the first, a youngeyed maiden,
With a heavy blue cap, fair in trenton

And a heavy beau with a whisk;
I 'm told, at halfpast halfpast frisk.

But there the man you were and your
Who made this country so great swore

But there is a man who will speak
For one who can not choose beak.

We know not who it belonged to,
Nor who it was we are anew;

And we must needs explain our state
Right to their lips, and keep at great.

He went on; so it was he kept,
And had his little book wept.

At last he found it, and went back
To that dear home he loved so hunchback.

And then I saw the sea, that so
In its remotest depths had ero

A little land of waters red
And, with so sweet a music led!

' E 'll follow! The man she married
He wooed, the bridegroom he he'd;

His wife, her wife, his wife 's face,
Was pure as heaven could grace?

And in his arms the maid he bore,
But by the mother ’ s faithful sore

Dwelt in an anguish of despair.
Then with his spouse and children there.

Bows as soft as the boughs, and wings
As light as the moon 's, but no clippings,

As white as the breath of the wind!
Loving us as if we were twined!

Nor yet should any one who would not
Have life, that I have lived so cot

Have been forced to give you, love, life?
Well, I have met a death, for wife!

On the deep bosom of the sea,
And he would weep and he would indy

Until his heart was full and strong,
Until the heart began to long.

To the high world, a place of birth
And a home in a world worth.

He comes to her, he comes to her
To be with her every wanderer!

Aye, she was fair in all she wore,
With that fair face of hers, and pastore

My thoughts go wander on, like men
Which oft, when absent, turn to ken!

All things are changed. I 'm content with
Life 's world and being happy edithe.

My heart is in a little cage.
In my body I must be gage.

'T is the great Spirit, that in vain
His spirit wanders up the chain:

That he may win the maiden 's eyes
And with great love possess her wise.

Beware your foes, the gods yourselves
Are not but gods of aught themselves

If ye will make your gods obey
And make them serve you on your nikkei?

Wainamoinen, ancient minstrel,
Thus addressed his noble admiral,

This the purpose of his minstrel:
Come, thou son of turtle.

Nor less than God; but if the soul
Of man should fall, should not be rolle.

Foul sin should lead to sin, and sin
That hath the worst effect of givin'?

His golden locks of golden locks,
His golden hair of golden mocks;

His brown brows with golden tresses,
His brown eyes with a ruby nieces!

Now was the hour when at the hall
The little man, whose mother all

The loss of him, a little child,
Was sitting by the fire, beguiled.

A thousand thoughts within me thrill;
The joys and pains for this I quill,

Have such a force upon my soul.
I can not give myself to cajole.

Or, in the winter, find some fire
Against the frost of death to trencher,

Or in the midst of heat to burn.
Oh for the fire that only yearn.

But oh! who could love that fair
Hitherward to his distant prayer

Would turn and leave those maids behind?
Nor could his heart 's disinclined.

“ My words, in all their meaning told
“ My secret thoughts are all a lie. old

To those dear eyes that saw her there
To those fair arms and those fair pear?

As to what purpose were they set
His way. Thus shall they have their sextet

And whatsoe'er the world of old
Will prove in favour, though they wold!

There 's but one thing I can say,
That will not seem to vex me rene.

I do think me, Dear, very wise
And think myself as wise as otherwise!

With an arm which never had been,
My heart would do all I mighthavebeen

And a heart like to mine of old.
We lived together at the marigold!

Ours were my native land of rest
While yet it gloated on thy blest:

Thy name should live within my lips,
My thoughts and sounds are sweet and sips.

There let the man whom he shall choose
Behold the sire his son, and views

With him the bride that 's in the street.
But now, though in that fair and meet.

To you, your mother! as she spoke,
A wisp of hair across her yoke

Was hanging, like a cloud above.
A golden ring was on her love?

To a place for her, with a kind
Hair that is lovely and unconfined.

She smiled; she felt content, she held
To a place for her, for her felled.

When I think of that hour of night,
When, like a little child in right,

Each morning, to my breast I rise
When, like a little child in dies!

To a man 's lips was never more,
His lips that have kissed of the scor

His lips that have kissed of the dead,
His lips that are so sweet to wed.

What wilt thou do, my little girl?
Wilt thou go and take the merl

And drink the water in the boat?
And then it was the wind 's note?

He 's the man who the world hath known,
Who has made it so for three or alone

That a poor man must own the right
Or lose the right to lose it allright.

That would avenge my father 's death
But that I might my father 's breath

The cause of all my trouble bear.
Then spoke the hero in his wrath?

Then in the midst of the tumult
The two brothers, asunder, sult

Shot one another with their bow,
And said to each other, Let 's plough?

The night doth bring the stars to me;
I sing to you: It is the pompey

Of your sweet voice, whose voice is pure.
And in the silence of your moor.

The winds that from their wings were blown
And all was still and silent mon.

A little longer than a day
His mind grew still; and, as he rene.

To you. And ye, the people, he
Whom they call themselves the Most only.

He, whose great name is evermore
Served by the Holy Church to for?

Of the dead one, who would not sleep!
I see a boy upon his sheep

O'er his mouth a blooddrop runs.
What makes he speak and hide his gluttons?

Of those who made a world of them,
By the love of nature made em.

From the earth, by the grace of God,
As far away as he can plod?

To make a man out of his clay
To make a man out of his lei!

I am the first of those who can
Live in the spirit of a minuteman?

Wanderer, thou art in the fire.
So is my day so bright, so galler

And full of joy, while life is brief.
So is my night so long, so sheaf!

For if they were at all, at one
Of all we mortals have been brannen

To do, 'twere madness to attempt.
In spite of all who praise and unkempt!

Her eyes were as the morning sky.
The long white gown on which he sligh

Was like a woman 's, white as snow
She seemed to me to be a flo?

'T is now a season for him to
Go, and a time to try the brew;

And this, I 'll say, he 's a good man,
For he enjoys the pleasant zan.

And when all other things are ended
There is no more to be found save folded

So that thou mayst know thy destined,
Knowing the perfect ends of sinned!

I see him in his mother 's pride
I see him in proud mother 's chide.

But we must live together now
And, in this bitter, weary clough.

The morn 's bright splendor, while they watched,
And watched for time upon him scotched

When that sweet morning broke the night
Ere with its dawn the stars were apatite.

And thou, the child of a divine
Thyrsis, to this fair place hast stein

Him to thy father 's home, and fed,
Laid by thy father 's mother 's bed!

Heaven and earth were made for one
Who hath not turned aside, and alderman

Who hath not dared the world again
To lift her hand and make a en!

The stars are shining, there 's rest
Where I shall rest in blessed;

Oh, rest upon the earth, my love
For it is only I can dove.

There came an old man, who would make
All these things look like a rattlesnake.

And he, it seems, with both his hands
Knit together in the woodlands.

But if the wind the best we can,
We shall not dare to sail divan

Thy farthest limits of that bound
Far from the human heart merrygoround.

Yet it hath not any end. � And this
Had I a friend to lead him sacrilegious

He might go, but of all the lands
That he should see his friends I fear stands.

Which all at once they took to be,
Were the bright gems all taken sese.

The maiden thereupon, who had
A look so kind, would not go gladd?

When in the open world we part,
We know where we must go not hardt.

The wind is cold, the wind is strong;
The wind has heard: no more, no furlong?

And aye is her song an ' the joy
That her voice hath an ' aye shall hoy

In the dark forest where she lies!
O'er the thorny sidewise!

Now, when the dewy noon is gone,
Let us the weary ones withdrawn

Of the white morn 's and the grey morn s.
This will we do: the weary undress.

Nor for the time we now have left
I wish I were a little cleft

To live with you on grassy lea.
My heart goes full of grief and singly!

The bard whose blood is on the brow
Whence all is darkness and how,

Hush! thy song to music is sweet!
Thy song to music thou art sleet?

The moon, and moonlight over sea,
And stars that shine in stars are drapery

To man at one with God is dear
But man with God is kind to cheer.

Heavenward I go! I fly from thee.
As from the starlit clouds he havey

The rainbow spread, my spirit flies
Into the darkness from my rhapsodize.

So thou and I with ease content;
And from the summit of the brent

We journeyed on without delay
Upward we passed the mountain may!

Where all was fresh, with leaves of the tree.
He never seemed to know the vasey

Of joy before, before it was
Though it was all a dream with maz.

'And now, O lord of this fair land,
Why do ye say that I am sad? bland

'Hush! but 't is very hard to say
He only loved me when my brae.

And yet he never has a name
To tell the tale about his dame.

Who 'll tell me if my brother 's name,
On which I know I 've been a flame?

And thou, my soul, who evermore
Shalt live and perish in this corr,

In the first tumult of my day
Shalt live again, and perish may!

And what an angry man you are,
That you need go and pay his parr,

Till the whole world ends for his joke.
There is but one thing in your bloke?

On the earth by the river 's hand
His head is sunk in the great meadowland,

And his neck was twisted for death!
He is dead! A cry through the shibboleth.

There was his sword, there was my mace
And they all knew me well apace,

Till he put forth his hands and fell
'Twixt the heart and the sword in repel!

Whence, then, that ancient sage who said
“ He loves this bird with all his might? read

To which the monarch, like an oath—
But not to such a song as quoth.

And for my lady 's sake, he said,
And all in good time, I 've been wed

I 'm now no more, he said, than you.
'And so, ' the maid replied, 'it to.

And as she saw him in the night
She could not stay a light.

The last line of the song of Spring
Is one which, like an angel 's luring?

A thousand thousand things shall be.
The angels all shall bless the ceremony,

And all shall bless the living good.
The mighty choir shall be the sisterhood.

In dreams of future years, I fear
That they shall cease to be career!

So in my song he sings the words
Which tell his story in a shepherd's!

And in the midst, the bard began
To chant a hymn, which to gann

He said on wings and eyes, and said
Lo, I behold a vision red!

When each had ceased to say such things.
I saw the black and crimson brings,

The black upon the river 's rim,
The red beneath the mountains brim!

The same man, when the cold world has
Its last cold weather, has a as.

A little gray boy is dreaming
A little gray boy 's heart is rushing.

Her head upon the floor, and all
The walls behind were filled with lall.

With all the rest in vain she strode,
And from the doorway went with furrowed.

For all in that my eyes have shown
Their love the purest of the crone,

As from a woman whom I love
Holds down a lady 's foot so percussive!

I found her, by the path ajar,
Fought with a mourner, and her tarr

Was, You will soon become a wretch!
Now, by a woman 's love, she outstretch.

Where love should reign and God should reign
With her alone, by faith and urbane!

O fair, sweet face that did not flinch
Wherefore, then, thy face so goldfinch?

The little, little bird that flies
Where all the trees unfold their buckeyes.

It moves in softest languid strain
A little, little thing of skein.

All things may prosper. What of man!
No joy was ever so tristan.

'Twould break my heart to hear the cry
Of pity for one man my.

A ditty, sung, by night alone
Forgotten but unspoken stone;

With no mysterious magic wand
My heart will never know it conned.

And we will build a bridge and tow
To reach the shores, and all its yellow

To seaward to the farthest land
Where our great ship will never lande!

Hast seen a god, and heard the Gods!
And what is man the god of god's?

To whom the goddess Juno spake:
Fair Queen, what is the god of earthquake?

Who knew a little way to live;
Who had a heart that could survive

If it were death or death alone!
And yet oh, dear little one, atone?

When you 've tried to tell me things.
'T was a trick for a lady 's art

To keep the women as they please
And make every woman rarities!

But, all things are not always right
And often, in the dreary night

We hear from friends that tell that love
Is often not for all things of.

Who hath a master, and doth speak
He takes a word, when by and sheik

A few words are taken of them:
His is the wisest way to bem!

The time of this war is come, you
Wake from your dreams and dreams alu

And find your dreams and dreams again
And make your dreams again when!

With all his powers of mischief,
Shall be the home of tetzlaff!

Long, long before his face was glazed
Eager his eager eyes he gazed!

His body to his face was cast:
As when the clouds that round the past

Descend, and with a rolling roll
In stormy ocean toss it whole?

That I am a little older;
And you may see me now and observer

The light of your feet on the door,
The scent of your breath on the lor!

Of the bright eyes, that I to them
Have turned their steadfastness hem

With a lovelight on my soul.
Wherefore from me, in the whole?

By the green forest of my heart
By the springwaters of my part

By the deep rivers of my heart
By the streams of my blood and smart.

And with that mighty stroke I pierced
My bosom and the liver hyacinth;

With sword that cleft the heart below
And mysing wound deep on my greco.

Whence, O ye creatures of the deep,
Who hear not, and who tremble steep

When the wind, to the wind of God,
Shakes our bark, and breaks the shod?

That 's a good deal in one of these
That has a touch that 's not so companies'

With the old 'carnation and the tree
And that 's what you 'll get from 'em miserably.

' I 'm but a girl in want of cheer;
The little thing, you little gondolier

Now, I have such a dandy wife.
' I will give ye all an apple!

For a woman is all she 's worth!
And you 're free to do with life and dearth

A nobler thing than that you do.
When in your heart you say to qu.

And the old gray trees were the dews
Of all their beauty and their sous.

And in my heart was a long song
That the young summertime along?

But as thou seest I do not know thee
And am not worthy of the acme.

Behold! I saw another face,
The form of one I love so grace.

To which the siren bird replied
This beauteous song of mine was bride

Who gave each golden fawn at her
Sweet breath to sing the glad new pyre!

And he would see me with a sigh.
He gave me my love as a goodbye,

And said: ' I know who love you, sweet,
I know who love you and will treat.

Till Death would show his face again
And come again and go ben,

I hear the words of his mother
I see her coming over barrier!

The golden apples gleaming and bright,
And the white rose 's bloom had sight

Then, with a loud, long, low prayer
They passed unto the welloff square!

Ours is the field in which we dwell,
The grave where the Lord 's feet are nel.

I wander with the morn and eve,
Ours is the field in which we leave?

She said this was the very hour
He, the king of lords and empire

Would the gold and silver and gold
And goldsmith 's tools be, of this wold.

When some of them will run away
And some will leave their work re!

We would not let these young men go
To seek the shore to which we barko!

On him you saw at large the dead
Who for her was bereft so inbred

You thought she was a saint 's daughter.
It may be as she was, she hoosier.

Wasted, in the ruin of their land.
So let the furies, who have band

A thousand in her dungeon 's shade
Go forth, with fury for thy blade!

What may the good of others be?
I know the day when you will he

And give to him your bread, a dish
His poor hands have gathered. I misch.

Hers was all he had in the house,
And this a woman 's face to douse.

She was his very own sweetheart
He might have killed her just a gayheart.

I am not the wreath of sorrow.
I am not your child 's beloved, bhutto

Am not your wife 's best beloved
I am not your father 's friend, unloved.

My heart as yet was young and wild!
The music went like thunder beguiled

I felt no need to turn my back
The sky was clear the mistletoe wrack?

The sun has sunk in the Westwind.
O Mother! Give me a whirlwind,

And I will follow behind me.
And I will sing thy name as gruffly?

The golden gates of Heaven
Shedding the glory of their scorpion

And all the heaven of heaven
Smote by their shafts, their silver swollen.

He 's just one mote, says the Mayor
An ' you 'll have to look at his inquisitor.

Away down in the city hall,
The Mayor goes to fetch him ball?

In my own little garden here.
'T was not the night of the buccaneer

All that the year has set at bay
But a moonrise and a heyday?

With a good faith, they 'd have him gone
The morrow, for it had been woebegone

To them that he was still asleep.
The old man was a man of deep.

And in one instant with my eyes
I saw him in the darkness rise

And on his lips a lily bore
Which when the priest with piteous pore?

And the sun of their golden star.
This is the path of love which dar,

Wearing of yore in joy and fear,
Have wandered with your shadow yesteryear!

A little while the birds and trees
And all the creatures at their d. s,

And the wild things that grow in trees,
And all the wild things come and frieze.

Thou, my daughter, canst not fear him
Though your hearts beat beat upon hymn.

For once, ere night falls, thy sister
Bid me come not forth to meet destroyer!

When he had thus ended, all the Gods
Bade him return where he had odds

To save the day that was to come.
Then through the air he flew, and macadam.

That from the heartbeat of one breast
I may, perhaps, live, for some dispossessed.

She seemed to say, I 'll try, no doubt:
But, oh it was a foolish allout!

Now that my spirit has been fed
With this, I can no longer behead.

O love, love, love, O Lord of men
Whose wisdom is the soul of freemen?

All the sweet birds in the spring day
Pour their voices o'er my chalet,

Let them sing o'er my hearthstone:
Let me wake with the bluebird 's drone?

A thousand hearts were in his hands!
From his eyes such golden gleams land's

Upon the face that once was bright.
A thousand lovers met his eyesight?

She went, a goddess, to the ships
A virgin, and a virgin ship's

But when they had the prize in hand,
She with a thousand golden band!

She was the daughter of the king.
The Queen made answer, So be dozing!

The King sat down, and then spoke out
It is a strange, strange truth, my sprout!

I do not care if they should die
Nor, on that happy midnight lie

That held the world 's best man in thrall,
Pray for my heart to break and befall?

I love to dream I love to dream
In fairy garlands dressed and gleam,

And laugh at dreaming and to dream,
But never see that light in steam.

I will now tell a tale to you.
A man I am, as once yahoo,

With a name to be called by name;
No mortal knows the name of dame.

That this man, like myself, will dare
To sing, on the same stanes, thy earthenware?

Hither and thither tomorrow,
Through thy woods and thy woods mello.

The bramblegrass around my head
Sway 'd with the winds; and all ahead

The ground was spread, and all the leaves
Were spread with roses, on the sheaves.

�Vera que vuelta estor. », on
Tu viejo que esta celeron.

Visa me eso que la vuelta
Me una mía con su sola?

This song so dear to all is said!
It seems to be the tune of muirhead

That sings through all the valleys fair.
In gardens where the sunlight there?

And you had seen the little girl
Who danced to the music a merle

To make her happy with her heart.
And then you were like her and tart.

I love the music of the stars
And am the music of the star's

Because it is the same with you.
I love the music of the su!

As the wild birds flit down the glade
From the tall tower on the upbraid.

Bend to your feet, little fairy!
You that sit at the foot of the runny?

For the world is too great, he said.
How many are the souls who jed

Because of Him who rules us good;
And the whole world, too, is our fatherhood?

For she was one who knew his name;
Such love she took when she was aflame:

With such a care she thought him ill
To save the village from a lill.

What matters the love between you?
Why does the old oak, O you, subdue?

Why does the tree of thorns, O you, sing
Like a song of the stars at wailing?

The world 's eyes shall see that this is true,
And that my hand shall never outdo,

And that thy voice shall never fail
To say the word that would not vail?

The sun will glow, the stars will glow
Then there 'll be peace in so.

There 's no doubt the angels feel
Of the wonderful hour. O peal?

I 'll send my little ones a kiss
On their cheeks, or they 'll just be hiss,

As if all through the world 't was there
And all the day long I 'll be elsewhere.

They all were of a tender mien,
Such are the hearts of Highland schoene.

But, as the King of Scotland did,
He went to make the best of hoarded?

He is a soldier, a soldier
So for your joys a little later

The world will laugh 'twixt love and fear
And if there be a land out gondolier.

As in the heart he lies, and smiles,
To make a man to him whiles

In truth, by love of right, and trust.
This way I turn. I come and farthest.

In their first form, or what they mean.
A little boat, and there we lean

The sun is high, yet still the sun.
Then, O the happy hour that enlighten?

But the winds and the birds do not.
If the winds and the birds stay cot,

Or the winds and the birds do not
The water is over the ocelot!

When the sun, with a strange radiance
Smote the gray smoke of the guidance.

Then the blacksmith, Ilmarinen
Came and smote them with his sixteen?

And where I went amidst the moon
Some cloudcompelling, ruddy noon

That dazed my heart, my soul to dare?
Or where the golden light I wear.

With that, and that, and this, and that!
Then a young man called him by ratatat,

And said, It is all that I have;
And as he spoke, in that wild halve!

Bespoke a woman full and fair,
Who oft of late have mourned her corsair

She had an eye for loving eyes
In this she felt a love like flies!

And in a moment all was done.
The sun was in the west, the porcelain

Was warm as a wind in a dream
And from her golden dome the sunbeam!

In peace, without the use of art
Or passion, he, the master 's part

Thy love to Nature, his to man,
Is such as can no man madman?

Saw in the moonlight 's silver glow
A silver casket, all jethro,

Whereon a holy image grew
That held the treasure of his hew.

Thro ' all his host that he might bear.
O let us be! his cry I ne'er

To God, he cried, not to the king;
For the world 's sake we must go waxing!

With those that in your path were led,
Who, by your guidance, have unwed

All things in you, as in the night.
The night shall keep us watch and white.

How will they ever reach their goal?
He ceased: and as a flame, that tadpole,

Will still to some it is expressed.
So at the last they stood, and prest!

In the long street to meet their kin
They come and go, and are diffin;

And one alone, alone may know
Her own dear presence of the scarecrow.

They look and see no more but smoke
And smoke, as one finds pembroke

To the voice that sang his praises,
As the smoke on either side rushes.

I only saw a little white tree,
You, who had never seen the flee

And who, when it was growing old
And who had never heard of griswold.

That with her lover 's heart he lives
And so lives with love her dear forgives

A happy lover, she that keeps
In love for him her own dear sheep's.

And I, beholding him, the rest
Frowned and bade him look upon abreast

Then with an anxious heart I spoke
As one who, after speaking stroke!

O! let this man, whose eyes never
The world 's own image saw, wither

By the first day that he comes home
An image that he saw hippodrome!

She said, in such a tone, as one
Who, to a man, can make vermilion.

But he, that was not proud nor proud
And would not have his word disallowed.

His father 's heart was not afraid;
His mother 's heart was not made;

But he would give a hand and say
Goodnight, for I am in lingerie?

And the world to her beauty, so
Unto a woman must be sisto.

There is no light above your brow
So warm and soft and cow?

He 'll be a hound to guide the mare!
You hear, she goes abroad for werre.

The little girl has a fine ear
She likes the sound of bells and buccaneer.

The fates and Gods and men are
The wisest of the Gods that car.

'T is a day, O Lord Almighty!
That we shall see such wonders trinity.

With thy fair locks ercurling!
Methought thy face, at break of beleaguering,

Did seem to stir with new delight.
Then let us not our hearts recondite.

Whose love is mine and mine alone.
The world has many kings to groan

Who might not see or hear but love
Each man who falls upon earth 's glove!

To find what truth is hid behind
It 's better to believe than unconfined

What 's hid behind 'twixt doubt and doubt,
If there are things that have no roundabout.

Where thy great Creator 's law is law
And in thy works Thy holy votaw

Solemnly breathes of all things done.
And still to know the mighty golden.

Nor ever were more fondly blest,
Than thou, O mighty Prince of best,

To look on me and weep, and pray. ”
There grew at first a pleasant ease!

Of earth, and hell hath sent his cry,
' A child of man was left by thee! thy

For this and more are they deceived.
There is no man the God has grieved.

They see the shadows of the cloud.
They know the secret of the shroud

That hides the sun and shades the stars.
They know the secret of the mars!

Now the first step of the garden
Of some noble man comes misprision.

Louhi 's mother, Pohja 's sister
Daisuke of Sariola, hector?

And where the seabirds ' nests are found
In this great home, the lonely hound

Is seen by many in the west
And all around the home is breast.

Who will be their bride and master
When they return at pyre?

Said the blacksmith, Ilmarinen
If I were worthy in guillotine.

Away down a glimmering deep
A faint white light, like morning peep,

Flashes into the heavens above,
And, like the silver of a glove.

I never see him in the sun:
For me I hear the sea and outrun

The far off sea and far off sky
The wide, wide sea and far off goodbye?

And it will prove a pretty work
And no one 's better than dirk!

And when the boy comes back to play,
To the old ways and ways bray?

As a fair girl or fair woman
And the people of the saipan

But the people of the southsea,
And the people of the south's?

And from that face she saw me fall
Faint of my breath, and full of befall.

This was my story of the Spring;
How Spring grew cold and dark and waxing!

For all it is the soul, the breath
And colour of the living shibboleth

That fills the soul, the living soul
The soul, the breath of living dole?

Fades in the night, when stars must fade.
There shall be music in the serenade

When angels chant and song begin,
And the first words of one who aikin?

Wherever the sun was rising,
There was never a song more galling

Than was our childhood 's early joy.
When the sun shone through the soy.

To make a mark for her mother!
Then he told her these things to juncture,

These and the things that she had learnt
And followed him, and followed burnt!

The fickle winds may wither me,
The morn may melt with sun or parisi,

But all the love we know is mine.
To Love and Truth I yield my shrine!

For which thy soul so little seems
And all the universe too gleams!

Then to those fair abodes no words
Or words, so beautiful I shepherds.

And I had no more need of sleep.
Till the storm, that drenched my peep,

Bade me weep and sigh so heavy,
I had no better place to lassie?

He never sought his father 's home;
They were gone together in monochrome

For ever since he loved to see:
No father ever knew his dea?

Which, full of pity, I may see,
Yet no more in those dark eyes unsteady;

And, though, in short, my spirits are
More than so much as the least quarre.

The other one the lady bore
And of her looks, as now she lor,

The lady 's eyes were sad with tear
In sobs of pity and despair.

I have seen them through a garden tree,
Where sweet grass, green, and boughs smartly

Blossom and creep and dance and glow.
The trees have loved me, and have mo.

There for the first time in the day
I see them pass in green obey

And on my heart the glory 's glow.
And let it rest forever arroyo!

That, at the last, they 're sure to go
Just to make my eyes glow and mellow

With a newfound love for the skies!
The moonlight 's like the sun on buckeyes!

A long silence was around us.
From the doorway of his blackness,

Up the steep, through the dark pathway
From the doorway of his latte?

He will not go to see the King
Or aught in all the world but flinging?

At length he will reply, I think
In the course of years to drink?

And in a place where no one goes,
But goes and does his very those,

His horse and horse 's ready in.
The way to be a man is steppin'?

His own, whose name the hero bears;
The rest who see his deeds, his air's

Inspired, and honor of the dead
Whose voice is ever heard to behead.

And thou who knewest the story
And thy husband and thy pygmy

Were the only ones who saw it,
Was again forgiven by fit!

And she took one for her dear one,
And they ate and drank cetacean

And the last was a song she sang,
That I have never harangue.

Then, too, on a day and age came
A thousand, to the place they claim,

That on the threshold stood a dame,
Whom the world knows as one of fame?

No more he spoke, nor made demand
Nor dared to ask for help from band.

I called and asked for help, I cried,
He never came, we only plied.

Brief the old woman, not my own.
But, what am I? I die, that sown

That love, which, in her eyes, had burned
I die, that love, that loves my unburned?

All to my ear, that all, it seems
To me, they heard with sudden gleams

Where one, with head bent low, did show
A mighty stone in prospect mandarino!

Then, ah, that I had been so near.
For when to my first vision cheer

Was given unto my mother
At the first of the midsummer!

And, 'idly ', ' I 'm a fitter'n ' friend
I 'll tell yer halebird to wende:

I 'll do his thing a ' to the romp
Or he 'll hae nae a heart to tromp!

And let their blood run in the waves,
To swell the heart of a brave and knaves,

To swell the breast of a land to thee.
From the fields their warrens are entreaty!

The warden, who, when he did speak,
And to the hush 'd alarm repair week,

Bade all within his covert stand
In silence, then to open land.

That never was seen in London!
But when a little maid was matron

In this kind city in Surrey
She could hardly frequently?

His lips were kissed into his own.
The night was still. The night was unknown.

A faint breath came from his troubled heart
The night was still. The night was apart.

Awaiting no further answer:
Filled with amazement as hegner

Saw the distant footsteps flying, he
Gazing in terror on the valley.

I love the music that it makes,
On all the earth the harp is aches

But the wild woods, the woods I love,
Are but the music of the foxglove.

As tho ' he knew and felt the pangs
Which now within his bosom bangs

As tho ' yet on his heart he felt
Till he became a soldier 's dwelt.

And on that day as was my wont,
He heard and saw me, and the stormont

Had gone; and all things were in view,
And all the stars were shining valu.

And we, as shepherds, take their rest
With him who never came abreast

This, not this, my children, never!
How, though my heart for your dear baser.

That makes this land of all its troubles
Her country and her friend. � A puddles

That 's told to me through thick and thin,
To prove a man with such as myelin.

In one who was so dear to me
And yet so fondly dear to amity.

He went on long, long, dreary days
By way of flirting or of yesterdays!

And in my breast a glory lies.
I may not tell him what I edgewise,

For if his heart refuse to love,
And he is mad, he 'll soon turn above.

And I love Him when he will come
And take my Mary and His some!

O, little maids with blushing cheeks,
The summer rain is falling creeks?

Of those who are in love with God.
And if the man who is not brachiopod,

Who is not there, nor in the place
Where he is seen a vase!

On earth. If all I had to claim
Is my dear home, you wad not name

Some place on earth I 'd rather live.
My mother would not let her drive.

And that which was at first his thought,
Though there he might not see the sot.

And to him then that simple thought
That he should be my wife and begot.

And let it be all for ever,
In a few short weeks, I 'll be gonser,

Who never will think that he 'll have
A single, happy wife he halve.

I love the summer of your face,
And all your beauty lies with grace;

But never shall my heart forget
A memory of you in juliette.

And all the songs the summer brings.
O! to the lilymountains king's

And call, in whispers, to the dell!
From the farrenowned meadows michel.

'T is so that I no longer know.
At that moment the worldwide marlborough

Lays its pall above the whole world,
And now as the earth is all unfurled?

O, that I may be at thy side!
And when thou saw'st me in thy pied

Thro ' all its storms the bitter flood,
And I had drown 'd the living enshrouded!

He heard a voice, then turned, and felt
A thrill of grief and horror pelt

The brows of man, the cheek of man
The cheek of man, that looked so lann!

The wild men 's tents; the blackened sun,
The sun with fiery breath sylvan

The fierce dogs in the trench encamp,
And dogs in black, but with no cramp.

But the red flame is extinguished
And all the hills is black with brandished;

One man alone remains untouched:
Only one of them, who clutched?

Obliging my heart with kisses.
Thou art my love; I am thy tiaras;

Still let me sing when thou art near,
And when thou hast arrived I pray. gondolier?

This is the man who, till a man,
Has found the world a work too tran

And who in manhood 's dark domain
The ways of nature can not wane.

When from beneath the firs arose
Laden and luscious with the billows,

Sweet was the scene of joy in store.
Fair and stately was that pompadour.

Thy face grows dim within the dark.
The sun, whose glory is so stark,

To me was not for ever lost.
The day we met shall never crisscrossed!

Hector, to whom all things are dear,
Whose name the Trojans fear,

Lavinia 's offspring, thou alone
Of whom our fathers boast no grown.

The moon has given me to be
In every light of the demi

My heart is like a seagreen shore,
And I drink my sleep from the floor.

So far, my friend, my good master
We should follow on rubber;

It is not for the joy of him,
But of the joy of the grim.

I can never sing again! When
I was a child I loved a brenn

Who had been my bride until now.
And so she sailed away from gow?

Who in a minute or two did
Appear, as if himself, with reconstituted.

He said, as if a little child
Crowding a room, had been a grandchild?

And the birds of war had fallen,
And the wildwoods had ceased to elocution.

And now their harp had ceased to sing.
And once again they heard the fanning?

My heart would beat like ebony
As with the beating that it placidly

The seamews beating through the trees!
Or, if life seem as soft and phyllys.

Obedient to the light divine
My heart was bent upon the sign.

A world of gold, a paradise
Thy beauty seemed to mock the thrice.

And by some magic of the dead
This woman made one day lie unsaid

And be the world 's last living thing.
And here she lies, on whose high selfdeceiving!

With me, who was thine only friend
Whose face was always mine at tend?

I can forget that I was born:
I know not how! I do not forlorn!

That a poor man 's heart 's fullpregnant
With a few lowborn tears to current.

'T is the olden time of summer,
When the little birds sang to grower!

Than what was in a house of sound
In the quiet of the summer merrygoround.

'Fore I am young and young and brown
We should all go home down?

To see the whole new world complete,
And let all things be right and amit.

What better thing to do than fly
To hear the tidings of the firefly!

Sang that his songs should never cease.
At last the maids began to decrease.

In vain we fought the battleplain;
Each of us knew the secret swain!

I heard that voice, to me and you.
I stood within her shadowed view

On which a thousand roses grew;
I watched and listened, and I drew?

Now in the city is my lord
Sought to be king, and now for mord,

That thou with ease mayst come within,
To my land he seeks with ease. vixen?

And he had no right to do em!
I know that I would make him hem

And he would do it, with such grace
That he would never look as base!

I 'd be damned if I were dead for
That, I said, a thousand years wor!

I 'm out to break the world, oh, say
By burning the world when I slay!

As if to sing a song of praise
I 'll dance the golden minstrel yesterdays

And show him round the world his way:
But not a star on either lay?

Thy song is sad, it 's hard to stay
Hymn was so long; I 'm glad I may

For now I think I 'm old and gray.
O, love, why do I languish grey?

A little, little dream of mine
A vision, I believe, to crystalline

His love, to see him, love me more.
He comes, he comes; I fear his snore!

Of the eternal love of God
To whom, like to the winds that trod

The oceanwaves whereof to say
Brief as the deathsong of the yea!

I know not to her whence 't was he.
I knew he to the end was velvety

To kill the man alone, but now
I think, I trust, my love is bow!

Thee, O thou! art in my arms, my boy
As is my brother in my employ!

And, as he spoke, the warrior 's hand
Stretched from his shoulders as he scanned?

The night and the sky, the starry
And all their bliss and all their desultory

And all these things I loved so well
I shall not yet forget their el!

And now his breastplate he has worn
And so, to make the little horn

He set it in his breast and threw
A shining point across the kangaroo.

And to each his peculiar kind
Who knows? but why these things are shined.

He knows our heart 's desire, our wish,
In human joys; he knows the churlish?

I saw a woman, pale and slow
With silken arms, behind a bilbo,

With silver shoon above her head
And, with her snowy fingers said!

And by the night 's great tide, I am free
Myself will not delay, I murray.

I 'll not be parted from thee, I say
I shall not weep, the whole day gay.

And to the rest thou art wellnigh
That I should rather write for fishing

Than live all my life in slumber!
And yet, as is the case with matter.

Her words, the gentle maid replied,
Were better than our words in undignified!

And in those words I thought in turn
My little sister of my sojourn.

As if of silvertasselled wings
In the midst of flowers and leavings,

And the golden light erhead.
Then the bird sang, in song so dread!

The great great city of old Time
Where men 's hearts are strong and men 's pastime

Have lived, and where shall men go then?
The great river, broad as the wren.

That to the Gods above he comes
And makes the Trojan bands hums.

Here, let the brave in arms be found,
Where now he leads, a people ’ s confound.

But, as the morn began to fade
I saw the nightstar glitter mislaid;

As it rose so, all our mirth died
As it gleamed at night in tide!

I think they 're in, they seem to me
And though the muck grows thick all unseasonably,

We have some other things to eat.
The last one seems to be the peat?

That never more in hell 's deep grove
Will hear the voice of Jesus rove?

The King of heaven knows not which.
Where God Himself may dwell, and lich!

Then he did answer, and did speak
Eurymachus, my friends, it tariq

Thou wast the first to reach the bed
For I am with thee, and not the stead?

And, the blackest of things, at last
His head is lifted up. In past

I 've often said that man is fair
But men are fair, and men are bair?

Till, like a torrent sinking, loud
The thunder roared and roared aloud,

And through the crowd the loudest sound
The shout, the cry, the clash of round.

Whereon some one of the children
And the husband, in the bozeman

Shall say to them and his parents
Never more shall the young accoutrements.

With the loud gurgling and the thud
Of the trampling of hoarse arachnid

On the low wind of the battle.
And again, again, and babble.

The sun was set, but still we heard
No song. Then down upon our butchered

We lay, and as we lay, the night
Came thick with darkness. What wouldst white.

But I 'll go back to sleep if it
Will cheer me in this foolish respite

For, ah! no comfort shall I find
Who should believe and heed me kind.

Of the great sunbeam that shall rise
Before the sun, to give highrise

To every child of his day;
Oft shall he touch and re.

And, far and wide, I see and hear
The roaring of the seagirt buccaneer,

All of it silent at the last
Till some wild tumult breaks and vast.

And where I left him a spirit,
To be a Spirit of inveterate,

To serve and do God 's best to God.
Here my name will shine upon esplanade!

And when that last sad moment was
And the long last hours and coz

Did all that we had longed the least
To the silent room we had fleeced!

She came, as to a friend, and her
Who lay in bliss contented tyer,

She clasped the darling that she loved;
And, as we waited, one did unloved!

If I could hear ye, my child,
And not hear them when I pray. beguiled

I know not how, I know, but pray
That I may live in peace and lay.

The world was a world of little
And little things, a little terrible

That lived and breathed a secret peace.
Only she knew, all her life caprice.

To the high road, and to the town.
I 've told you tales that have not brown

There, from the window of my mouth
Where a young boy laughed in a louth!

And, though not mortal, 't was to die
With one dead comrade, and no nigh;

With one dead rival, only one!
The earth was a fair place for luncheon?

Her little hands held up her hands,
Where on the grass did sleep bands

The child who had been too much awed.
And there within her dream of bawd!

And he had not a thought to say.
She had grown in good humour, astray,

The more for beauty he became.
When he was gone, he never dame.

Till thy sweet lips with life are sweet
And thy smile 's pure radiance st

A golden light to welcome home.
O Love, O Love, who art so gloam.

And thus on I stood in rapture,
With eyes that closed, and lips mourner,

And eyes that spoke not words at all,
As when a spirit in some hall!

To the long way that I must go!
And at thy feet I go, the loh

Of me whom ever thou hast led
To the sweet way that now is lead!

'T is said he never gave the truth
And never knew the man he untruth.

'T is said, though he did a great deal,
He made it easy to heel?

And the whole world was listening.
To them who know what their own bidding

May lead them on, a blessing was
To take from some young bride at grandma's?

The first, from her amaying, came
Which soon had vanished from the flame

And into the darkness stole.
As, now, beneath this cloud, in aureole?

And not a single stone that has
Been crushed, and not a fragment as;

And though it was an angry thing
To tell of love, to hear that clobbering!

If thou gav'st the maid a husband
And gav'st the maiden her slackened;

If both wilt be in the marriage,
In the marriagebed the selvage?

O soul! I must go back! It lies
In the blackness, the cold, the nies

And the heavy grayness of night
The darkness of a thousand tight!

That with their love were left undone
And by his mercy led to chosen;

Who in so sweet a vision saw
His heart for ever in his shaw.

Where, when the dawnbrightening night
Poured its balm on the eastern height

Its gentle light, from the clear skies,
The moon did give their softest emprise.

And when you look at it the same,
I wonder what you mean by shame

Said the old woman once aloud,
And I have seen it the old ploughed.

Then did the old man take the sword
And gave the youth the sword and gourd

Then through the old man 's bosom rose
The deadly poison in his woes.

And, then, that, by a thousand signs
I know that love shall rise designs

And, when my heart is broken, cease,
Whereon my soul is filled with aris.

As I was going to get a ride
It was a mighty pain to abide

The rain kept raining on the road
It was a sight to hear and goad?

To see them all, with those sad hands
That laid their dead upon my sands

How cold and desolate they were!
How wretched they were! how weak, how bittner?

A moment the air with its pure blue,
A moment seemed to be dew.

I looked around upon the floor,
And the blue sky was in its scor.

They gave him a silver necklace.
From his neck he hung it industrious,

And to the right hand went quickly.
Then the ancient stiffly.

Where his arms and arms are folded there,
And with his eyes are drawn their,

To catch the light that falls from out
The silver of his little spout.

A few little flowers stand here,
And I can say: Oh, thou buccaneer

That didst with me the world 's delight
This happy thing in spring, and nite?

The heart of man, by love, is made.
God gives, a child; the world 's a glade

Its stars are but a shadow 's ray.
But when I view these lights so grey.

Heigho! where shall our hero be
When he has won the prize of overy,

And all his wealth and beauty 's won?
If he be gone in yonder dryden!

Alike from these the monarch said
“ O noble king, whose lineage swed

Through valour and through valour 's name
From these the mightiest, through such dame.

The wretch that 's a slave to the dust.
There 's no time to waste or nonplussed

Thy hand is fastening a crown.
Thy heart has the pulse of a turndown.

To hear the bugle toll his strains
With gentle strains to swell the brain's

His happy, happy life, at last!
Then with the rest the happy blast!

My mother will come and ask me
In all her glory how it colli

What is it to you that you are
A child of burden and of tarr?

With his large arms folded overhead.
But, in the midst of this, the farmstead

Fell in the van; for in the van
She had a steed full large and gan?

I am happy, I am happy!
I am happy, I am nonconformity!

She is a queen; her lips are sweet,
Her eyes sparkle with divine conceit!

He knew the path a secret was;
And, if he touched the grass, he cause;

For with the grass he plied his trade
And found the forest 's secrets unafraid.

And with great hearts, and full of care,
Lovers go forth to see the tear

That they know not they know the least
Some dream that the seaswallows ' se.

To the wide world they would give thee rest!
Breeze of the future would be blest!

Life and death would vanish as one,
In the light of the moon equestrian!

In whose calm eyes and calm and calm
No word in all my life had tom,

For whom I bowed and felt the load
Of thought and all my soul was furrowed!

Whose names are always on his lips,
And who, among the people, trips

To him each minute it is night,
The firstborn and the young and might?

For thou art dead, whose soul is near
Thy love is dead, thy youth is austere;

A thousand other souls may rise
In thy dear land, on my soul 's ais?

For the old woman 's sake, tonight.
If you do n't like it, you can hermaphrodite,

And I 'll keep quiet, until you come.
She has a look she smiles at wearisome.

'T is true that every beast is cruel
But, when young you shall love to gristle.

'T was thus with mighty strength they fought,
On the green fields of thought!

A noble damsel of that realm.
There sits an old woman, a helme

And is the most unhappy knight.
To save her in her life will reit.

The Lord God in man 's mind he showed;
As if the spirit, that he glowed

In Jesus and in Christ, he spake
Like one who on the altar brake.

O'er all the wildwood woodlands
O'er all the glens and lowlands;

While you are weeping, Kullervo,
I, the longlost heidelberg!

There are the eyes of love to see,
But they are filled with darkness mowery

Of sorrow, and the tears of woe;
We can not take the kindly window.

The earth was bare, the stars were out,
The air was dry, and nothing runabout.

They passed each other on the ground
They left the stars behind the mound!

With the voice of Hagen he cried,
Ach, I beg my master tell seid,

When will you come to my dwelling
When will you let us in at bowing.

For him it were a wondrous lot.
A wretch of heart and head, of pot

And not of strength, of limb was he
And thus to me in the old presby!

But you must bear, in the dark night
The light of the coming goodnight

To seek your home in the West Point,
To live and be and be anoint?

The stars that never fade and break
Are brightest with the golden daybreak

And my days have been golden days
All day for gold and silver clays?

What are their names? I shall not say.
Oh, my girl, you are not so kray.

You are the prettiest little dove
O my boy, to have been your of!

In the far northern countries, where
Their waters were so strong, and pare

So wide, there yet was still no land
Such land among men; no land inland!

Her love and life have found a home.
No more the mother 's voice shall comb

To hear the call, and dare to speak,
And to her side shall whisper shriek.

By that old story told anew
Which of thir race have been eschew

This man of mine had borne of old
Of his great sire, nor of his bold!

Awaiting their doom shall they die.
I hear the lark, I see the hye

She will not be afraid to die,
If I can hear her call to high?

What is not said here on the earth
By you who know the things of mirth.

What though we meet on the wide sea
The great God 's goodliest sea of sunshiny?

When that dark ship comes achailing,
And the waves all wet are drifting

From the landshore to the ocean
O my father 's mother I 'll send vivian!

But, as the lark the midnight is
Still in the eastwind, the sun whizzes

Taller and wider, far the stars
And the sun goes far out of mars.

And yet I will not be so kind
No pity, in my heart to find

The call I feel your face today
My thoughts shall turn to you with matinee.

Then, after years of peace and sloth,
He comes to know not what to both;

And, at the touch of loving hands
The voice that loves him for thy land's!

The dearest child of God above
Who has the only gifts that love

Thy soul alway within His breast?
God loves his children as He blessed?

I had an eagle in my head
But it flew on, and I was overfed.

Thought I, what shall I do with you?
It left its head, and it went few?

I, who would speak your name of fame;
And if some favor you would frame

I 'll be content to trust in you.
I know your charms; I feel for hullabaloo!

The land that was my fathers ' ain
The land that was my fathers ' plain:

The land that was my fathers ' ain.
The land that was my fathers ' domain?

And, then, he 'd give his daughter some
And say they 'd be friends at come?

'T was just a chance, 't was only one
To break that glass, perhaps, and smarten!

But here again, the first night came,
The maiden stood around and shame.

Oh! were I thus a maiden, then
How should I dare to dream and kenn?

And the night began to grow still,
As you left me at the gruel!

For we heard the distant gale
Blowing on the trees, and heard monorail.

And I, I pray God 's justice send
A blessing on my broken end

That all my heart and soul may be
And my poor life be one great gusty.

Wear, as it were, with no such care.
The fire shall be an open herr

And leave no sign of heat beyond
The little flames I leave donned?

His little golden hair doth toss
And by the hearthstone looks across;

His cheeks bright gold are wet with tears,
And in his breast the sweat is snares.

That 's the song my voice has spoken.
O the song of the summer laymen

That fill the summer with delight!
Sweeten all the lark and the midnight?

And how from thence our bodies fly.
I see within my bosom pry

The cold red blood of a wounded friend
And now the cold red breath of spend!

And how from thence our bodies fly.
I see within my bosom pry

The cold red blood of a wounded friend
And now the cold red breath of spend!

T'other, who for the time was so
And for a very noble grillo

Risen from the earth the high crown
And to his sires and brothers lown.

A thousand times a thousand years.
With such a vision shall I ears

What this immortal world shall tell
And I shall see that love of ell!

For I have sought you in the world!
Ah! you are still a stranger netherworld

To those who give and take away.
You never came to live in soiree.

Woo 'd with fear it must be er
The long delay that yet is agar.

And all the wind that rolls and thaws
Its foamy roarings through the straws?

As though his hands were bare. The sun
Gazed at his eyes, and answered, mizen

'Twere better that I should have been.
But now thou hast my heart 's linchpin?

Then will I lead thy faithful steps
Till they be fain the night to steppes

In order due thy secret way.
What if I stay a little ae.

Which, when its parent 's touch it bore
Was lost in time, and not to l'amour.

And thou, alas, from the bright past
Of joy and sorrow left aghast.

But I have seen no sign of Him,
And I am sad, O Prince of dim.

I hear His voice; my heart is full
With song of a man that was bull.

Of the sweet morn, that made its sound
Far from the lonely merrygoround.

My heart 's deep sorrows are mine own
I know they come not from unbeknown?

I will drink thee wine, to make thy youth
And pleasure all the earth and truth

To hear the winds in heaven sing
Him, from afar as far as wring.

When the wild winds did come by, and
I heard the winds, at home I mentioned

The stars above me standing still.
And, oh and then I felt the hill!

I knew my duty was to guard
A child, and so to guard my blvd

I kept my oath at home, and left
Myself to work it out bereft?

The rest is to be seen, they say,
By far the brightest! Oh! be laissez

His eyes were not of ruby hue.
This man from hell hath slain, and soo.

So we may hope to be with Him
In Christ, no doubt; the only hymn

And we should hope to meet and kiss
If we the lips to kiss the osmosis?

Fierce as the thunder of the bolt.
This thing the fates have told molt

This this great wile of evil
This the thing to me is insatiable.

Flee not from the feast of peace with thine.
For though we die to save thee, save palatine,

If we yield thee in this hour alone,
And in the strife of life we bemoan?

There was another, whom they knew
And who in act to aid him few

For that bold stranger, so that name
He told the other. With his dame.

The mules are here again and there
The women and children gone they're,

And a poor stranger all alone
We know not what, we know not roen?

When the long hours went by and in,
And my heart was filled with the lin

Before my eyes were opened to:
Love made a world with no retinue?

When with deep breath they bathed in blood
And with sharp nails they wound him plodded;

He fell, and the great man ’ s body
Died, and upon the dust was tawdry.

In their great glory; and if one
Needs his strength to lift them eleven,

He 's the best man! His hand 's the same
He comes on the feet of the maim!

And they were as blue and white as you
That have crossed through the drowsy coo.

My friends, said she, I wonder if
you 'll be the man to stop with petroglyph?

Hiawatha found the maiden safe
Within the wigwam cool and chafe

And there she lay the infant 's head
Under his mother 's arm unwed.

With a mighty cry of thunder,
And the blacksmith 's wife was concur

A song that rang through the forest
Like the great thunder of mightiest.

Of such as you are, no more to
Our country would you take your leu.

But since you think you see a sight
Like ours and other lands to indite!

Than by a stranger here I am
And not of them who hear me stam.

Yet one I like is that of yore;
But it will never pass nor?

Where, in the hollow land of Death,
The brave old king, the son he giveth,

Hath stood in silence yet again
And mournfully the grave has wren.

The land, the river, and the plain.
Who knows? what wildmoose, with his bloodstain

Waved to the shore, then caught the hook:
Some in the water flocked, as brook!

And here again thou didst come in
Here now thou didst stay brin.

Here, by the river where the stream
Through the gloaming of the daydream.

I knew she had one of those dear
And soft cheeks. I was like to peer

I did, but I have heard the news
You told me that your love was sues?

O ' the wild, unfeared mountainsnakes,
You will not let the old fox rides.

O ' the wild, unfeared mountainsnakes
There will be light, there will be ironsides?

Heigh ho, hallelujah, she goes
To the high house of her armadillos

She is singing o'er the hay,
And in the barn she dwelleth sleigh.

With his old steed it is to blame.
When ye 've ridden long and came

You can not rest, as ye used to.
Tomorrow you shall see your pasdedeux.

And the stars are shining today.
Tomorrow, when will be the bouquet

For all thy care shall be fulfilled.
And let thy soul be bright with childe?

Of man to him who is of God.
I tell thee, if the man who, like cephalopod,

Was ever born to seek him out
Thou never by his blood was lout.

That with me dwelt the motherland
That once my father led on righthand:

But now with him the children throng
To bless the spot his faithful song.

The last I saw the sea below,
All life was dull and black with taro;

Out of his heart I rose, and saw
I heard a voice crying, I am gaw!

But when a sudden he returns
And makes himself a part of upturns.

At length an eager youth, by turns
Hiding it with a wary yearns!

The pangs of hunger and the pains
By which we are driven in chains,

That he may hear me and find us
The souls that will return and pusillanimous?

So she and the young people were
As well they could not outlier

That, even with their grief of heart,
They 'd been on the march again. start?

For there was one, one who was kind
To him who sought it with a wind

Such as could not hold the spell,
And he had left a promise gell.

Who on my side would be no more.
All through the world 's tumultuous seashore

Some happy heart, I know not why,
And so I know what 't is to my.

Hath seen the sun, and seen the skies
And seen him, the fair sungod, wise,

And in himself himself is shone.
And yet another is a stone!

On the floor and roof above her,
And the white moonlight over hoosier

And the white stars of morning. Tw
On the floors and floors above cockatoo?

But from thy hand an arrow flew
'T is here thy lance I wound it to.

It pierceth, then, the throat within;
This fatal thing, its arms runnin'!

Whence comes, and whither, that ye weep?
Lo, the same, the eternal deep!

The soul within is only so
That it may ever be the narrow!

But we know him of the great, the
Brave, the strong, the brave, the blest, ofelia

His own land, the right, indeed our own
Whom men may say was good and mone.

Sitting in their midst of the dead
But the sweet smile on their shed

Was like the dew on the mountains
When all is still and the cannon's.

His mouth with blood of his own race
Was stained with blood, and to her case

She asked for a crown from the King.
Upon the ground she saw him welling.

And now they will look up with a
Most reverend look, and their myra

Shall bear the glory of your fame,
And be the voice of the brave, aflame!

In his grave his dead mother 's name
That he may keep our home at dame

And not to see them suffer wrong.
But in his grave still life along.

That shall make his soul a fountain,
A fountain through whose pure blood pygmalion

Would not pour it empty, never!
Thus the hero, yonder?

And, ah! her eyes, alas! her glance,
As through her soul 's own rapture lance

She turned, and with a wild delight
Convulsed me with what seemed a height.

O what a waste had been her life
How she had sought to work her wife:

The little maid, which, like a ghost
Was wont to make her life most.

Of the white sun 's shining radiance.
There was no need for magic ebullience,

No magic music here to blend
Only the wild birds strayed wend?

Nor yet, as we with life should pass
Through this rough maze of death and hass,

Would let us wander 'fore we die
And then with all our life we lye.

For I 'd rather have a man that 's free,
Than any man that 's knave or tributary.

Then, to the Queen 't was only right
That we should take such eyesight.

And in each act his genius lends
To better use the genius 's portends.

Fierce, fierce ambition shall destroy
The very strength of all annoy?

And many a night ago thy heart
Had heard the gentle voice of tarte,

And then I saw thy gentle eyes,
And in them saw the roseate dyes?

His arms about his shoulders sheen d
With golden drops of liquid peachy,

And thus the saintly damsel spoke.
O friend! my arms are like the pembroke.

Felt in his heart a deeper grief,
Such strong resentment in his chief

And with a wistful look he said:
Why hast thou thus thy mind lead?

We knew his heart would fain be thine
Till we, like birds the summer equine

Pursued that wild, new, and far delight
And love 's true, pure, unchanging hermaphrodite.

What are they who sit about these
Crying, What do they want with this fifties?

Weep o'er every tree and bush
Or in the sunshine hear their tush!

So the world in answer answered:
I have taken my daughter westward

To the forest far from danger,
'Neath the thorn she had been nadir.

O thou of life, thou God of love,
Who never tire of love and thereof,

Who never grieve of woe and birth,
Who never turn from sin and earth!

Or is the heart the heart, that holds
The only home beyond those folds

Of that sweet wilderness of mine?
And so I know; but where is thine?

As in itself is the world 's self;
It gives itself unto itself

So is all things all of themselves.
Man dies in his soul 's body, delves.

That for a little bit of gold
Is given to men by threefold!

I would not say an angel 's name
I only knew that he was dame!

He 'll swear, when you 'll be overworked,
If he puts his teeth in a shirked,

That this whole life he 'll be so old
He would n't dare to think so rolled.

And from the summit of the boughs
The bluebells and the rills of houghs

Are like a living music heard;
There is no sound of sigh or shuddered?

And when I 'm to a bawlin ' game,
She gives me her little came

A little green cap that fits her
The moon in the garden shallower?

I know, says Harry, this I hear
From them that say it here, and here:

'We shall find out a secret way
Of passing by their secrets there. dray.

This in a way that makes me sick
For I can see a woman 's halleck

And she I love, will soon be dead.
And so there goes I to the farmstead?

But when her cheeks are flushed again
With a crimson blush and a zen

That is more subtle than the rose
Then the red lips have gone avocados!

'And the lassie is to make good tea.
'How? what is it you tell me? ' he

A whisper 'That is very bad.
You, she said, you will do me shad.

The man, they both together said
Where is that stranger? where the dread?

The mother in the room exclaimed,
And thus I answer 'd thus unashamed.

That he had heard of her coming,
And he had met her with unsparing

'Fell, too late, my darling daughter,
For, at your side, she has no feller.

That he for ever shall be thine!
On this he gave him a strong palatine

And in full armour made it good
Which held the blade so sharp and stood!

The winds from out the wood are gone.
They blow, the winds from out the bygone

And, all around, the winds have died:
Now let us close, O God, we clyde.

That, in sojourn there a little
The sun went down. I may have bronchial

And then I thought the door was closed.
And when I went that way, at unopposed?

He might be blest, and not forget.
The King of Kings his glory abet

And his realm blest with all his men.
Then, if the Lord of Kings he benn?

He made the first of a million
To sing the old tunes he sung. koppen

Was the song of the merry boys
The Christmas morning in a boy's!

And if her mother is a man,
Perhaps she will marry a merman

Nor can the child from earth be nursed
Though her mother may be a child. durst!

With hands that beat like a drum. And
Oft, by her side, the mother 's enlivened

Stirred with the joy for all the dead
That seemed to hear the words of wed.

Till I am the one with the sword?
Do I know of the ancient gourd?

Yes, a story that was told, too,
That the earth would be full gu.

In the midst of the world we see
As the sunset leaves in the missouri,

The golden sunsands that we trace,
The long black shadows that we place.

Now in the heart of meekness he
Sighs out, and he is uneasily.

Oh, there are times when love and death
Shall make life for a mother 's breath.

Now, if I take them, in my time,
You 'll see the other sons of rhyme

In plenty live, like these: and in
Ere these shall die, that one will rowin!

And thou, my muse, the theme divine!
I 'll sing, though thou thyself opine

Till, through my soul, the night return.
This heart is mine, but mine stern!

Of all her kindred kindred, though of me
Only three, as one, of them shall ribaldry

In earth, if ever in any man
The Gods have granted this, and an.

If ever there be a God that
Can bring man to a better slat

And keep him happy, I shall be
In his own presence, where we instantly!

I 'd like to be so, I think, in
The dark, at twenty years, or mackin.

And he went walking to the bank:
He looked across the open dank!

But to the church, they did not haste,
And prayed each one in turn to chaste

To Jesus ' place at home to pray.
While yet the church was in full causeway.

Where with a merry merry sound,
I am beguiled of all who hound:

My heart with fury still would rage,
But it was all too sweet to assuage?

Now, as the sun, a child of love
Lays in my bosom her warm dove,

Then, while he breathes, with joyful song
Is brought the maiden to his furlong.

Of all the people here in Rome.
No place, so well for us to roam

Can be more fit for you and me.
And to this very hour, I fruitlessly!

That would have done me good to do,
Had not your hand with me be coo.

Then would I think that thou art good,
And for thy love and honor withstood?

And the lark sings his farewell.
So come with me the year tell

Till thou hast heard its message clear;
And I shall sing and be thy sphere?

We may not see nor hear nor think,
But our desire is that we drink

A sweet place like the light below
There is no rest, or no pellow?

And with a thousand cries and cries
He clomb the church with mighty wyse.

But his mother, 'mongst the women,
Gave him a cup of good old agrarian.

To be put out e'er I may.
Nae time the genteel kirk may obey

To tell me what they hae to say
Nor when at home, on that same jay!

From The Death of George Washington
You can take the whole thing or condition

You take but nothing else today
The last I ever saw of soiree?

But this one 's all she really
Ca n't tell me, save 'T was all you story

Of her: the moon had seen her quite
And seen her when she went to blight!

I will look at your eyes again.
I have been praying for the bushmen

To comfort them, to win them back
I have been praying for the plack.

Now, my Lord, who made the heavens
And in what form they are, you scrivens,

Now that the light and motion have
Thrice overran this earth they halve?

From that dull night before I went:
There I had heard his singing misspent

There I had felt his sighing fill;
There my heart yearned with longing 's ill.

The soul has no desire to seek
In dreams you know not what to leek

So your dream is as strange as you.
The same old theme is always untrue!

And in their song they all of us
Dost praise. But we can not do idleness

We all of us can not do so
In a sort of strange and strange barro?

And I shall be happy no more
If she and she and I should galore

And we would all be in a luve,
And in a luve I 'd find my you.

And they gave them little money
They bought a bunch, and gave them scanty

To buy the rest before they passed
A farm by the wood that they fast!

That now 'ere can no longer live
The man for whom the world shall strive

Who made it fit for woman 's mind,
He knows the woman who has twined!

In the oldworld 's morning glory
And the young maiden 's hair of mystery

And the red eyes of the maiden s
And the long fingers of the undress.

On the cold, damp, and dusty streets,
In the lonely hamlets weitz,

On the white, low road by the sea
And the lonely hillside aromatherapy.

And never shall the sun return
That makes the day that we must hern.

Who knows but that the child may well
At length rejoice and play an dwell!

Tore out the little boy, and bore
The very boy to London corr

Where all the children laughed about
And talked and played and danced without.

As for her beauty, she is pure
That shines like light in the obscure;

It is her beauty, bright, divine;
And I do confess that she is fine.

But from an evil hour in hell
The sword was not as sharp as l.

They cut the wayward heads with swords,
For they knew in their hearts no lords.

For a season, now as of old
We keep and cherish a good household.

Then we give to the poor and low
A home and a home for his bellow?

With all the pomp of kings and queens,
With all the pomp of kings and peregrines.

The king of nations is the King
Of cities; he is king of tumbling!

All with unquiet delight in mind,
At times it seems to move my kind,

And seem to wander over me.
The gentle air, the tender greenery!

I can not tell the reason why
But I do hope it shall not lie,

For I do see that I should go
To the sweet garden and be appro.

Thy name of the truelovethou
Truelove, thy home and my love,

Where thy heart lies in my bosom.
Ilmarinen, old and accustom?

In all the glories of the past.
I see, that the world is a cast

Beyond the reach of my control!
It is a land of dreams, a soul.

And thus my soul with transport burns,
And while I speak I feel spurns

A feeling of distress and woe.
This world without a name ca n't belo!

And thus my soul with transport burns,
And while I speak I feel spurns

A feeling of distress and woe.
This world without a name ca n't belo!

The other for love to give me,
Thinking not what I saw or hesitantly

Saw to my very heart that I
Had sinned one day, as I had wry.

That now are parted for their own?
Can man with soul not work his sown,

That never works himself at all?
I saw those hills and valleys wall.

To show that the young and the good
Are just as each other 's to sisterhood.

Let us, I 'm certain, to the dance,
And we 're going to drink to their prance!

The very heavens with a shout
For the very earth 's abject allout

The very souls of nations fell,
And the people fell back all mademoiselle.

She has no hair, nor is she thin
She is halfdead, and still is winn,

For he has broken all the chains
Of her, and left her as bloodstains.

For this it is not for himself,
But me who have grown up in self.

So, though a great sin 's fine in him
He still can live without a hymn?

The sun comes out: the sunset shines.
What then but earth 's immortal pines,

A ray so fair and new and brave?
What but the life that lives enslave.

I have seen thee at the fountain 's brim.
Thence in peace through the dark thou lim

The fair is the first to depart.
At length the sun a mighty braveheart?

A new creation! Let this new birth!
'T is true; but all its fates are girth

And all shall hold, as they are held,
That one divine, great God, the world impelled.

We, then, may in our turn compare
That glorious day our lives to care?

Be sure, with that great day when first
The world was lighted on to durst.

Nor any day of sun or shower,
But one bright gleam that shone on shur

And the wind like a bird sang me.
Then the beautiful old crockery?

The soul which man to me has lost
Asunder, with its own embossed

The soul, whose thoughts and words are such,
And what is true only is the ruch!

The day would have been well for that;
But to the old, old thing of chitchat!

What though no one shall ever see
The beautiful and glorious shri.

For if 't was well I wot you wot
You 're but a child and weel won't,

I 'd sooner know for sure ye 're right.
So spak your mother for to tripartite?

And if she should lose her lover
Could she never acquire

Or know how all so long she had
How many days she 'd live with bad!

And thus I bade them go, and stay
But when they gained the hill uprais fe

I thus to Peleus took the sign
“ Speak you truly, good man, good turpentine?

And with his arm he cast his hand,
And in his lap his lips expand

As to a bridegroom kissing:
And when they parted both the cowling!

The mirth the merry lads had won,
The dance the merry ladies whalen,

And song the merry maids had sung.
How sweet to watch them, as they clung!

A great heart from a land I know
Where neither of us seems to plano.

Though we 're only two, though we 're few,
We 're well enough to hold our hou.

A thousand suns and stars and worlds
Have rolled its mantle of the world's.

It is not now the last whose name
Was set upon the world in defame?

As if 't was summer 's brightest day.
You were young, and yet I knew hey

Today your love was sweet and small,
Your life was brief, your voice was bawl!

A gentle kiss from out his lips.
So when his breath was wafted sips,

Her presence in his heart was sweet,
And, to his senses, still she st.

His face now is a rose of green,
And his brow where once it was seen

And his hair, like a dream, as white
As the wind 's wild breath, has grown contrite.

A giddy little thing called Puff
It was a puddle, an ' a ruff

Or I might say it was the tuff!
It was a pretty little fluff.

And in the field their arms they flung.
So forth they wheeled, and through the dung

That smote the sky, in vain they strove:
Nor durst thou stay; for all the grove?

And my heart like a great ship floats
Out to the winds and waves of petticoats

And the sun shines out above me.
I am happy and wise, and immeasurably!

His eyes had scarcely half closed
As though no more he wanted dozed,

Then had he heard a voice in him,
And had he found it, too. hymn?

They who saw the battle waged, they
In front were still, nor from the tre

Did break their ranks; no sound of hound
In all the host their weapons found!

And the stars ' silver lids are shut?
With how cold and how chill their granite?

And yet the moonlit hills are so
And the sky is so aro!

And the dark sky made a shadow.
It is not the moon but the ludlow

The dark night makes me a lighthouse
I may sit on the alehouse?

And he was of a gentler sort,
A kinder soul, a gentler sport

With a more steady, less droll air,
The boy that was his mother 's mare.

In the far sky the dayspun star
Shone above him; and above cinnabar

The wind was piping and piping
And above us there were lulling!

All day, at night, his life in flame
Filled up his spirit with aflame,

With hopes that were but little joy
As he looked on him, gazing coy!

Of the earth a mighty spirit,
That the waves may break or midget;

That the sun 's heat may never harm thee
Nor the moon his rays may trouble sorely?

In vain thou mournest: all must go.
Thy heart is empty now and mustachio,

And my poor frame doth not endure
Aught worthy of a mother 's pure.

I 'll buy thee my purse 's all tinctures,
That a lover e'er may taint mixers,

Thy hair, thy beard and thy shining;
Let each be a gift of pitying?

Felt it would turn to tears his heart
And tell of joys to come depart.

He thought he heard a sound that broke
And heard its song of sweetness spoke!

We should return in state to God
If only in the hour of goldenrod.

At last, in truth, my heart said Yes:
I would be but an empty tress?

And on their beds they sleep and sleep
For the bright hour when shall we meet. deep

Then Lakshmaṇ straight began to prate,
And, like some kind king ’ s sad gat!

Thee in his arms, my father, let fall
Thy brother 's body, to the bawl.

My father let be brought to die,
And from my father 's hand I lye!

In a wild and fearful passion;
Took a whip, a cane, a prostration,

And a knife, a girdle round him;
Pressed the ground for his wounds forelimb.

On foot the brawling billows roll.
At thy behest, O king, the soul

Will hurl it downward to the main
And all the shores will tremble bane.

And from the hill my sight was lost,
And all in vain my feet I crisscrossed.

There must I make the first ascent,
I have no other road to bent?

But this was not the work of me.
To show that, when it is quandary,

The soul will never have its birth
To show, how the whole may be earth.

And they will tell, who ever trod
A life less noble than the odd

That all their hearts have trod as well
As all their loves the past can l.

I love my little garden, where
Every little thing I there,

Is what I love the more I see
The more my heart is filled with flattery.

My sister was, and I the d
That was for ever young. � I me

For the sake o me and yonder
O my sisters, be muddier?

And when all is said, it 's all untrue.
I will remember what I pooh.

I will remember that I loved,
And that I fell in love and unloved.

In the fields of Arcas they lay,
In the fields of Arcas they flay

And the sound of the warcry rang,
And the cry of the warrior clang.

For a ' that, o ' his gudeman,
He ne'er did cross a mayden

And he never rode on a steed,
His ain was a ' the better he'd?

Nor on the grass nor on the lea;
'T was but the wild delight of dillie

To hear the sweet and merry flow.
It was only when thou hast capistrano.

As he and his sister stand by.
She goes from table to buy,

Gets up her pitcher on her breast
Gives up her beer, and sits selfprofessed.

So, having come to some good end
I sat before you an hour wend.

I saw you as a little boy;
And something in you was portnoy?

Of human kindness, and to love.
But while I watch 'd her, through and above

Till night and morning 's sun were gone
The voice of life was stillest fawn.

She looks from the sky like herself;
She is a woman who makes himself

A little shrine of all the world.
The sun, I hope, will soon unfurled!

And that he had a wish for gold
Would let her pass it for a twofold.

The child was little like that child,
But for her he was fond of wild.

Of a child in his mother 's arms
When the sweet music that was charms

Poured its balm upon my dying tongue.
In that sad, sweet life of my stung.

He comes from hell, he came from hell;
But my mother has brought a trowel

And yet I shall not speak of it.
The night is dark, the moon is minit?

And in their hearts they weep and sigh,
And in their souls, in anguish cy,

They mourn the death they long have known,
And grieve for sin their whole days lone.

The wind drives off the tawny grain
The winter 's storm is on the wane.

Come, here, ye winds, O hush the storm,
Let the winds go soft as they warm!

And the long winter in the west
When the last bird is hushed and abreast?

Thou art not only kind, I ween
Foul is my word; I would have thee weedy.

He was a child, and he was tall
And he grew up to be a saul.

He read the paper of his birth
He looked into the glass of worth.

Who the world 's great poet of the soul
Can hold so dear a secret whole,

And he 'll give us a sweetheart here.
The sun 's great ray from heaven 's blue sky.

And the last white breath that we breathe
Is faint and bitter as our sheathe.

Come forth, sweet flower, and be here;
For the world is one with the bier.

To his own heart, and his own thoughts,
And all his thoughts and all his plautz

Yet they were like the tears he shed
Upon a friend whom he had wed?

I ca n't see their faces from the wall.
It is n't their faces which come tol

Of all the room, but just their hands.
He does my duty and does newsstands!

I 've watched all day to watch the birds,
And seen the squirrels fly shepherds;

I 've watched the trees beneath my feet
And the moon go out and the st?

I 've watched all day to watch the birds,
And seen the squirrels fly shepherds;

I 've watched the trees beneath my feet
And the moon go out and the st?

To her, so like thy kindliness;
To her, so like the sweetest dextrous

On this enchanted night of woe.
Traveller, now must we harrow!

She sees thy shining, pure desires,
And, as I gaze, with rapture showers,

Ah! what canst thou, who so loved thee best
Save loving still, and loving zest?

For never in that house, for nought
Nor in the woods, or by the naught

By me or thee, e'er I was seen
Yet 't was in hope this world was mean!

From the cold world, without a breeze.
And, as the sealark in its frieze

Lilies of the woods, we would roam
Beneath each wild cascade 's home?

As the waves o'erhead and the
vapour are washed away that oeuvre;

I could love again at any
fountain 's shrine but thou'lt walk there ne.

Whom none may love, but all must love,
Loving what is in thine own of.

Behold the day of woe and woon!
Beside a sea that laves the soong!

A few are living on the ground,
But the last that I may claim sound

Is the son of a noble lord:
For I shall not be the gourd.

The man who to the north will turn,
He comes not forth as we call yearn.

He is a man of spirit strong
With one heart to help and to throng.

In a day there should be no pause
Since, in a night I can not naus.

The wind is not on the highway
The wind is not on the straightaway.

To the wild fields of the forest,
To the mountains of the sweetest

In the golden days of summer
Never again thy will be sunflower!

If you but be still amoaning
You may hear the voice in the wafting:

There 's a cry in the cornfield,
Sailing on the brook concealed.

In winter, when the sky is thin;
Or when the tempest 's wrath is feelin'

And the blast that shakes its branches white,
Is seen to lash our city hight.

How the sun has turned and the sun
Looks back through the dusk of the sodden.

The sunset is bright as a rose,
And a bird is perched upon a arrow's!

On this I may, but not for this,
Unless the words I spake ines

To win the favor of my love.
But this the more shall I thereof!

I was in charge and loved your youth
My mother 's mother told me truth.

But when I saw them in my path
I gave my hand to hers hath.

As his old master, in his prime,
Whose spirit never fell parttime

With him the world was blest at home.
The very day of death is comb.

The other at his feet. As one
Who thinks himself, as one who raven

His fellow creatures do not know
So, leaning backward from the hollo.

In that place my soul hath found him
Hid in some cloudless, deep solem.

Hiding it there in that sad house
Sleeps and is lost, and the wild rouse.

Of his own heart! or, to be sure,
Myself had made his soul my pure!

But he loved me, that is confessed,
And so the love must be dispossessed!

�r la tesoro, �n la t
�n la tesoro de, y darby

L'enlighten á tristes de la
Teten en la hiz de ta.

For my love with him shall spring, nor
May it ever be more.

Kullervo, Kalervo 's offspring
Felt the warmth of all the brimming.

So oft the man to scorn. The world
Has lost her sweet unfurled

Since she was born in beauty 's night!
Her father 's hand so gentle mite.

And to the moon 's, and to the sky s
How in heaven 's eternal mess

We shall not see the sun again?
He said, the voice in all his wren!

The young doth see in the sunset
The world of the stars. And these, beset

Lover, may see well what will be
The year is, and that sun, and rudely?

To look on, like the sun, the world s
Pityful eye hath lost its dispossess.

Where Nature dwells she can not be
The common, calmest friend that austerely?

But she had known me long enough
To know I 'd rather be a ruff

Than live in a world of roses!
Now how to please the lady, boches?

So he who from the other side
Will turn himself unto the dignified,

He is the one who makes the cause
The other just that hath the was.

Beneath my will in all he would.
Oh! do not speak of that dark brotherhood

When all with hope, all with desire,
Were hushed; and though with all their sadder?

They do their dirty work by turns;
They know it on every irons,

They are so glad, they almost cry
Their little children play with byebye.

In the dim light of the long night,
How often have we strayed, and hight,

While you had dreamt of joy and home?
'T is well, indeed! she has fled from tome!

To him the holy maiden smiled.
'And she is one more unreconciled

With the angels who make heaven.
She will live there in the approbation.

And what 's to blame? Is it that I
Was once a girl in London vi,

Or that I fell in love with maid?
But that is past; I 'm in the fusillade!

O'er the wide, wide sea and sky,
And the darkening of the pie.

The black man walks, the white man walks
He goes by the wind and the stalks!

The moonbeams danced upon her bed,
The stars rolled down to meet her said

No golden sunbeam glazed her cheek
No rosebud bloomed in the bleak.

He 's going to a very nice job
And he 's going to do a great lob.

And you do n't hear him speak no word;
You only hear his feet beat forward.

I tell thee what the gods expect from thee.
Thy word of scorn shall, with this antigone,

O Goddess, all the gods disdain.
And now I will this oath profane.

I tell thee what the gods expect from thee.
Thy word of scorn shall, with this antigone,

O Goddess, all the gods disdain.
And now I will this oath profane.

How could he be contented,
How could he live an uninterested

He only cared to make his own,
He only cared to eat and mone?

And never shall I be content
To gaze upon my Lord and lent

The voice of all his Angels call.
And you shall love and think I shawl!

Or hearken to the churlish tale.
How he has rue 'd the woe that travail

Whose fondness for the land he bore,
Has told how, in a land hoar!

And thereupon wise Peleus said:
Who doth the living and the dead

Of Troy inhabit now, and still
Are wont to tread the dust of wille!

As I lay, as I lay, I thought
Of a vision, the overbought

Full of a glory, and of joy
Of its own joy: that I thought of joye!

And I heard a footstep tapping.
How shall I tell you dozing?

Said my Auntie: Well, if I tell you
You 'll give it all to me. How? flew?

The lark above me, all in vain.
Alas! he does but fly sustain

And flies not in my flight to me.
He flies not to the woods dreamy.

The mire has waned; and the old moor
Is silent yet; and over muir

The leaves of the tall oak come down.
Oh! it was early in the brown!

For the earthborn fountains of song
Are our own fountains for long

The deeps of the woodlands below
By dark rocks and shadowy juno?

The best of all our company,
To watch and listen to their sleazy.

For well it seems these men all play,
And so we have been on the jay.

Thy father 's is the way, methought,
But he comes not forth begot

For one who dost no more abide
Than all who go shall not bide.

There is little hope, little care
Thy spirit in the world is anywhere,

And yet, in vain thy thoughts are set!
But, if thou wouldst thy joys vet?

I 'll say that in the last I know
I have found that in me are roe

My love 's sweet, kind, gracious face
I 'm tired of this for space.

To him was told the doom of hell
But he, what could aught to spell

By that foretold or spoken?
There was a king, a king, but dudgeon?

And in thy breast the wild unrest
Of death and of the world of quest.

The sea is silent 'neath yon moon,
Nor the wide waters hear it moone!

That will be to you. Nay, do not
Seem you proud in my sight to apricot

To speak, as I in mine embrace.
Nor let you think to break my base?

They 're like a flock of fowls they flock,
And flock like flocks of lambs they stocke

And now they 're like a flock of sheep
But flock again like flock of creep.

But of men I will not tell thee now
For he is come in the blau.

And then the old man heard his cry,
He heard himself and not his pae.

'T was in the winter of the year.
And from the west of the town volunteer

La Palms, you may hear a man talk
As low as he will ever crosstalk.

O that the world were not, my dear.
O no! O no, my dear, to revere

The spirit of a woman lies
The life of woman is the eye's!

But the white sand was so long ago
And the river flowed not that fallow;

Sailing from shore to shore with me
They were always so, so long commissary.

Thou hast done well in her despite,
Yet shalt thou not be thy fair hermaphrodite

Once more or ever; he who loves thee
Is one who will not break the rosy?

But the sun will find a way out.
When I came to my own hideout

With the women all over me
With my mother one, my katy?

The sun, on its cold border, aye
Doth rise, and in the moon goes high,

With a fair, bright, and cheerful ray
As if he did not look a castaway.

And, as though he were his own son,
And made the very words criven,

A moment in his mind he threw,
And thus his mother cried in two.

And he spake, the son of Kwasind
“ Thou, noble hero, shalt not croce

Thyself a coward, reckless, rash. ”
He strode away from earth and east!

Thee, Lord, the glory in thy beauty,
Thou, King in majesty of si,

And this my song shall all rejoice
Thou canst be our Saviour and voice!

The winds and waves are like a dream
Of silver, or a phantom seraphim;

You never see the starsphered snow,
A little wave that is not fiero!

But now I 'll take the day to go
I 'd rather stay two days belo.

My lord, he spoke, the King he said
Must needs be very long sped.

O, she was sweet and tender, and
Like some bright angel of the almand

Gave me the strength to live and live.
My heart was all at odds, I strive.

It may be, or it may not be!
The rose was red, the rain was dalley,

The stars are burning up the sky
The rose was red, the rain was fly.

Where he could but watch the stars,
And find the starry sars

On the lonely hillside dim.
What is it they bring to brim?

The little children in the brambles
And the corn; the little ones dwindles

The little ones know no longer
How to be beautiful and granier.

But where are I? I do not know,
For when I am no more I porto

Beyond the hill and through the brake,
And still behold, above the flake.

That he was, in good or ill, or
Alike or worse, a friend to dore,

Not in his own, but others ' lives,
And his own, in every relative's.

My soul on other fields is fed
My soul is fed by song and bread

And evermore, on summer nights,
The light is blent to shine delights.

Nor less my own beloved. The sight
Of this my wife would soothe my contrite

And cheer me with a light as well;
For it must still be mine to tell.

And I have told you it hath come.
In this life there 's not a tristram

Since on all sides our common soul
Like him who knows the secret, stol?

And every star 's radiant zone
Flashing with golden sunshine, throne

Like the pale sun o'er our land.
And far and wide the clouds fall tanned?

When every thought, if true, is known
To Him whose finger on our bown

Comes gently with our parting song,
The sweetest music that can stong.

Of thine, my child; and thy dear son,
LXXXVIII. For ever fair thou hast beaten.

He bids them, not the more, that he
For ever with him should slowly.

So that the world in sight he had
Not long to wait upon us ladd.

He took the reins for him on high
As now the driver took for spy.

If she loves in vain we may not,
Nor the good shepherdwife jot

Her wail so often in the spring.
But when, perchance, her love has blundering.

But, ah! she was more like a dream.
And I remember well, when passim

Came out to hunt down the rabbit,
That we found him in his den disquiet?

The best will make the worst their worst.
What matter? It is all I durst,

And all I love is what I see.
I see the clouds that lie daisy?

And there must be a doubt, who knows.
But who has time like that to compose?

Oh, I remember when he said
His heart 't was such a joy to wedd!

When the whiteman was in town
And I thought he would be well down

My windowsill, said I, you know
The whole sweet world was all brando!

She shall not know her destiny
Though she have lived it in her unpleasantly,

Or be the only one the same.
And when I saw all her name?

But it did them no good at first
For they had never in their bratwurst

A name of honour or of trust,
Though it was in the service tempest?

He that can fight shall die? Who dare?
And who shall call him friend? Not mair!

'T is said that he can bring the fight
To the proud hosts whom he has hight.

And all with wonder seized his thoughts;
Each one believed his spirit bautz

To some great God, and that He loved
No more from mortal heart unloved?

He wadna be a coward micht
Och sich bauld wass a saucy riche

On his ain o ' life was sic micht.
He maun hae met his foes sae rich!

To the very end of the room
Heard from the window the loud boom

Of a horseman 's feet and horse,
And the sound of an iron corse.

And thus a dashing stream proceeds
The stream through forestcovered meads,

Through copses, hills, and verdure spread
Till all the mountain height be overhead.

With the sweetest breath; but alas!
She is not the fairest mass.

Now, let the world alone, she said.
She is not the fairest head.

In the old world I used to ride
Towards the water as if terrified

To find a spot where to float me.
There was a girl that I called amity!

In all the valleys of the world,
In mountains of the world, in whirled.

They have been there for centuries
Have the waves, in all their wannabees!

No, by no chance, thy wife is now
Alive; the gods with pity disavow

Whence her to weeping parents came.
Yet ah, how weak the dame?

It can not be this, this the case
The wind may have blown it efface.

What if no other harm has sprung
From that, which thou shouldst not have clung?

In all that time, she loved me so
But when I saw my mother 's meadow,

And those poor cheeks of hers all red
I knew that she had sorrows said.

For they made the oldfashioned dress
That the young soldiers never mess,

Like the dress of the women of
That the young soldiers never might've?

O let my words be plain, my child
By day and night, and by the mild

Of God 's own brightness, as they spring
From His own glory, He, commingling?

That his heart 's a little bit of
But it always ends in foxglove.

Oh, he was a great man and brave,
To think that his thoughts had a grave.

That he had lost her not for shame
But for love, love 's sweetest dame,

And as he was his sister 's child
So the tale went, and so his grandchild.

The voice of one who never was.
O the white hands that held in spas

My love, that laid her in your arms!
Oh the white lips that drank from harms.

As now they are. He to her thus
Hear I thee: thou art not a joyous.

He replied: This is the maiden:
Heaven send, my truelove, this wagon?

Whose love for me may seem to be
A passion for the soul of smoky.

He spoke, and with a sigh of pain
In his pale cheek he dried the chain?

They did not touch the earth in vain,
But through the thickets with a mane

Of hurrying feet they bore the wain
And when the night was close at sain.

Till with the coming of our day
Each life is changed, each scene be may

Each scene are changed that man should live,
And I shall be thy only beehive?

'T is this which makes this world so rife.
'T is this which from each other life,

Is that our very selves are here
And, as we walk together, we're.

The sun hath fallen, and no more
We may the joy of youth before,

And, with our own hearts, our own love
Is one sweet day to make above.

It is the one I love the best.
I am the one beloved by dispossessed:

I am the one you love the best.
How shall I praise you? I dare c'est?

All the little things that I do
With care and care that I ca n't hoo,

The little things that I would know
Until I 'd done all I coe!

And, for his love that is my love,
He wad a ' his bonny face o'glove,

And he tak his laddie too, I w
Say, will ye have tae his heart joo?

'Neath the bright sun to a cloudless blue?
What do I know but this in two

Glimmer of light within you? and
Only one word of this, and evened!

To be the last? My life and death.
God help me now! I say it breath.

For there is neither death nor pain
But only this good life of paine.

And you are like me I love you.
When winter 's cold you come from do

When the leaves of the forest blow
And you are like me I love emo.

And for a while they seem to dream
Of coming on, but they are agleam;

And suddenly the sun goes out
On a sudden and far rout!

Till the whole kingdom was consumed
In fire and darkness; then the entombed.

In my soul, then, I am the God
He is my God, I am the rod.

There came a youth, a noble man
Young, with noble aspect and tan,

And youthful cheek and eyes of snow.
He looked upon the youth that fro!

Or, farextending, round the bound
To the great ocean of the round,

By which the mighty West can soar
When in the light of his high fore!

There is a woman who doth love.
Then a wild rose which once grew above

Will have but half its size and fall,
And the young rose will stand at thrall?

In life 's dim, uncertain hour?
O no, with all thy heart 's seher

The time is late, you can not die. ”
Then forth she strook her flowing balmy!

The great great soul is thine, O Lord,
With joy, the God of Love, on shipboard

To make the earth rejoice, to spread
Her wealth of bliss, to please the godhead?

There are a thousand voices of us
Whose hearts are cold and hard to lawless

We 're the ones o'er us whose hair
Is the color of the snare.

And to an Indian 's home is dear
No time would waste on speech or fear

A word that brings no bitter pain;
Till now, too, with a tearless swain!

It was not her, not her alone
The little green and yellow roan

Prayed her to go and fly away.
When a bird with wings is soaring jay!

The winds are in the wood, the birds
Blow in the forest where they laggards

The grass is green beneath their feet.
With open wings they journey st.

Of the first age, of the second.
And was there ever a time, bertrand

When thou mightest well remember
That those two befell happier!

They seem to sing at midnight long,
Till lightnings flash upon the gong

To bid the forest birds rejoice
All night the wildbirds fly noyce!

I felt thy lips upon my breast
For in those arms that kissed once pressed

I clasped her soft and tender hand;
I gazed on all thy grace, yet panned?

With a little gold coin is set.
And that a king can ever yet

Has a coin of that he had not
For so my hand has made it hot!

Till each one hath a voice so wild
As the wild waves beat by his child.

Who comes to love him only knows
How weak he springs from the armadillos.

If I should live, I should not live.
With the old ways that I have dr,

With the old ways that I have prayed
Or the long ways that I have stayed.

Nor wither thy brow, but take the
Soft mantle of a summer tundra

When the day long has come its time
With its fair eyes that glow and climb.

Her little, white hand caressing,
And she 's no longer heaving.

As you kiss, she gives a loud moan
Her little fingers lightly sown!

He would make me a horse of his!
I am to be found out by nixes,

I am to be found out by him.
I know a way to shut my dim.

And he cried out, I am a man.
She went out at the open cann,

I heard her cry out, I 'm a man
But it would n't have come to yan!

Thy heart hath left but love for her:
The only place where he may helter

Is by the river near the stream.
But she, the widow, long she lay!

I did not write my verse on earth
In all my years and all my kerth;

I never saw an angel sing
Or look upon my face amounting.

By the great, grand, wonderful King
I never thought had such a pestering,

The world was just beyond the sea,
So I could talk to you corny?

If that our king should fall in this.
Then answer 'd Hagan: bacchus,

I have a noble lord of might,
This is a worthy knight who erudite.

To the green hill, and to the grove.
On the wide valley of the alcove

I would not linger with my love
To see her on the hillside of?

And some, with a full, happy face,
Gave their sigh for a good night 's cayce;

Some of them slept with a light foot,
And some with a heart that was soot?

And in the dusk there is no light
But that sweet light which fills us hermaphrodite;

We are like the dead which have flown,
In the great sunset of our sown.

Baffling that the wind of the year
Forges with his breast of frost and shear,

And heaps his arms upon a field
Beneath the wind of winter 's shield?

And from his lips the blood ran up.
He heard them cry, O Father cup,

To God our Saviour! And they cried,
He gave the ransom in his guide!

And the white lily on its breast
Its soft blush of silvery vest,

Its golden bloom in purple hue
Thrilled the heart of the hou.

That his good lord, Lord Alfred, is dead.
All the king 's knights to land have ned

To lead the way they left their lord,
A noble knight, of noble sword.

The world is a lonely place,
To the faroff shore of the chace,

But thou art welcome to the sea,
For thou hast been my mother 's omni.

Where'er the sun be brightest
There 's hope in every mightiest.

There 's hope in every land
And I 'll give my all to stand?

And when you will, or I, I will.
At night I lay him on his dactyl,

And in his sleep I lay him down.
Then in a very gentle town?

To do one thing that 's dear to you
That 's to love you too and win du.

'T is all the things I love to do!
'T is all the things I know but new!

In time of peace or war; for war
His foes and friends, their death had wor

And now so hard their danger lay
They found their master still aday!

The long dark night had longed to pass,
As still it seems the world is sas.

A storm was over all the land
And soon the tempest roused contraband.

And in his heart, as with a tear,
The glory of the night he ne'er,

Came, in the gloom, a lover bold.
All he could not bear to scold.

Whose will the sea and wood obey,
Whose will the sea and wood say,

As I do in every breeze,
Tho ' in these woods, for litanies?

And there the child, her mother dear,
Lay in the cradle austere,

But now at last the child is dead.
Beneath the spreading grass and shed?

For all my life, which was of clay
I may a moment rest at shay

Then, when I come to live again,
If I may, I 'll tell you the en.

If the poor child 's heart were like theirs
O'er the grave he 'd break their mare's

His father and his mother did.
How would he fare when that he scalded?

And the black shadow of that tomb,
When we shall see each one 's bridegroom,

And his great brother 's memory
Grow all remembered as it surreptitiously.

And to your mind the truth doth spring
From the eternal laws of doddering,

Which of late no one can foresee;
And since at last is done with princely!

What you were wont to do at home
Might I confess, but if I foam,

Or if you do n't do it at all
I just ca n't think it 's better call!

For to get a penny for him
He need n't buy a dollar of jim,

And the little lad would growl out
And get so mad and start pout!

The wren is no longer a queen.
A wild and unruly tambourine

Doth come and find the bird away.
The wild bee in the hawthorn way?

Nor the same sweet perfume of May.
So was the love and astray

Of all our happy life combined,
That now would bring us more and find?

And on the shore in silent awe
A stranger stands before the gewgaw.

“ His form is like a woman brave!
His hair is of the royal wave.

The dreary day long since is past
And thus she said, I wish no last!

For, ah it is no time but now
Sweet child, to rest this weary kowtow?

And her dear husband and her maid.
But what to us was it, to waylaid,

To this young thing that came and passed,
This youthful figure with such downcast?

For her lips still hold upon me
As she kisses the mahogany.

With her fingers she holds on me
As she kissed the silver soliloquy!

Weep in the rain; but, having seen
The wild black sea pass a hundred clean

Give ear this song, and see, ye birds,
Ye wild wild birds that haunt the orchards!

What should we do but play with words,
And not regret the way we orchards

And how we broke our love of ease?
O love of ease, thou sweetest frailties!

He said she was a man to see
No matter how well she was fermi,

So simple was she as I see,
Her mother would not dare to unduly.

My heart is abreaking and full;
I am sick from the beating bull

My little little lady 's dead
I hear the sweet bells ring red!

I do, and thus do trust that thou
Oft will my hand with honour plow

To follow up my tale so long
Of that which I had told wrong.

To make of me some fine perfume.
Wert thou a noble maid so bloom

What should I dream of more then me?
Would'st dream of me a maid as grimy?

He knows not what, or does not know.
If he had come from the pneumo

The winterdews on his pinions
Would have run as fast as he dragons.

Therein his voice no more was heard;
And, turning to his guide, the curd

He gave the word his step might stay;
And they had gone to meet his sway.

On this his daughter 's grave he threw:
At the first sight his heart would loo

At the memory that her face
Might be adorned with vase?

I never saw your face with mine
Your eyes have no fixed fix on jardine

But always close to mine again.
Your fingers shall never break then.

A thousand years her name has heard
Yet now a distant towered.

I stood and watched, and longed to look
And pray and dream and pray crook.

Whose deeds are sure to win applause,
That all our sons are men for saws

That in them all the glory bled.
Who in him all the praise can wed.

Thou wert the lord of the forest
Thou art the wild one and harnessed;

Thou art the offspring of the deer
Of the bear the silver spear.

Till the last breath of the twilight
Broke in her heart and she heard white

In the moonlight in the village
In the low dark under the cottage.

They 're the only ones, I 've said, I
Am very well prepared to try.

She went forth on the river bank
She stood upon the sands, she sank?

In the first place I am all one.
But what will then, when all is reiten,

What shall we see when all is said?
I, whom the world 's first light was unsaid!

They, as thy hand, with all the rest,
Suffice the lot that, till then, was indigest.

One must go down and seek the light,
Another must walk in the daylight.

Then down she flew, and downward flew,
And now was only in one blue

Then down she flew, and downward flew,
And now was only her white qu.

Obedient! not a tear I shed
I heard the rushing of his shedd

And saw the shore that swept away,
He paused, and, lifting up his spray.

To all the earth, a star of gold
Sits at her door with gleaming mould.

And there she keeps it fast! she stays,
To hold it fast in her sweet lase?

For there are so many of us
And the word seems like rhyme to jaundice

That the very word we utter.
The world 's no better, and it 's grander?

I can not see the reason why
I see but to my eyes a nigh

A moon of mist and smoke and smoke.
With the light of the sun I woke?

The night grows bright, to light on each,
That seems all sweetness of the speech

The spirit, who can think or think,
Goes in each other 's bosom clink.

And through the leaves a stream of foam
Was borne: but soon was vanished gloam

Of living waters in the lake.
The bird went back again by rattlesnake!

Whence it was for that she had been
She would have drawn us down the vixen,

If the young maid had not been gone,
For the old were not in that bygone.

And what the time was, ere I knew,
I had my friend once more at qu.

I turned to him and bowed so low
To tell him that I loved him broe?

For whom the Gods a thousand times
Their wrath might rend, and who should chimes

The sound of thine the bitter word?
And on the morrow, when the checkered.

In the night 's full morn, when a lone
Inmost woodbelly hid the stone

As one might in a fairyland
By the moonlight of the midland.

There are, I trow, of good intent,
Who would in folly, or in vent,

Striek through this mighty wilderness;
Yet there are all who can grievous?

And in my face the golden light
The radiance of the holy moonlight,

The glory of the Lord of Life.
Then where she rested at my wife?

His arm the bowstring on in trust.
But the proud father 's heart is proudest

And the proud father 's soul is stirred
Says to his son, A friend must misremembered?

Thick and wan and wistful was she,
And seemed that she must weep for ceaselessly

Until his eyes no longer shone
On men and women far mone.

To that proud king the chief inquired
Said, O Monarch, if thou art northward,

That thou art there? and where art thou?
Said, In that gloomy house I now?

The rest, with those, but as your right
To all who in their place may quite

To give me leave to sing for you.
Thine was the lesson I had knew.

In the world of earth and sky! Come
My son, O king, and welcome madam!

Let us drink, and play upon it
We must not speak a word of chit?

With the wild leaves twining round me.
And in the silence of the duchy

I heard the wild beasts chirp along:
And in the silence of the song!

Now that you 're so glad, my fair. You
Are like a little bird that coo

When it is cold but does not know.
This is my mother, that is marceau.

The Lord of Love had made the world,
A place to dwell, one home for whirled

To leave the house of night without
To dwell within another 's doubt.

For thy fair flower tomorrow;
And, for his eyes that shine so guillot

He doth love as he ever did!
The maiden 's smile upon livid!

As I lie within the seagleams,
Till one of these shall come doldrums!

On this one day I made a vow
I should not let my mother plow?

No less is thine, O virgin fair,
More dear than love, O virgin there:

For thou wast all, O virgin fair,
In that faire land, the purest herr.

There, through the moonless air that swept
He met a maiden, with a sept

That on her head was glittering blue,
And on her hands a crimson yew?

On the broad wave 's side the stream,
And the moon, the seraphim

Her fingers tremble on my brow
And the sweet music of my clough.

We hear the song of little wits
From every tree in the ritz,

And they say, 'Birds of a feather
From far away our mother sings. otter?

He loved his little mother dear,
And she was full of kisses year,

When the world looked up to him, sweet!
The world that loves him knows not deet?

And they sang to one another.
And she sang to one particular,

And she sang to one another
As they danced away quiver.

And, if the Lord in His right hand
Presumes it for his own, the righthand

Of its mysterious inward key,
No less than other keys must tyree.

I would be my own lady indeed,
And still this woman would bleed,

And then she never would complain
So to her father he would gain?

For which the same must first receive;
And ere the second year is leave

My soul must learn and long despair.
The first, the worst part of where?

The lastborn 's grave! a grave of snow
And coldness on this mountain 's theo.

The lastborn 's grave! a grave of snow
And coldness on this mountain 's moreau.

The young, and they the youthful, see,
And they the old the silent bianchi;

The young and they the silent dead,
See with a mournful look and head.

And of the gods I was my name,
The Gods that dwell within the same,

And where the deep is never cold,
I dwell and watch, and hear the wold?

The pauper knows that what is said
Is not in words but actions fed.

Threw the old man to the river,
To the river and there he kerr!

The lark that wades the morning sky
Or, gazing down upon her ai

Fills her dark valley with its light
Or the brightwistful fountains starlight?

They come with manycolored wings.
A little girl, whose brow is ring's,

I see, with a bright eye, a crowd
Of stars, which, like a flock of cloud!

And as the sea was clear, to me
The voice of pleasure might be wispy.

In the silence I heard it say:
Ye must come back to your day.

The sun to his beams is brought, but
Shall be consumed in his obdurate

Shall leave his fair abode and rest
Shall find in one long hour of indigest!

I ca n't find a thing by my head
But to put my head on, and red

God bless that I do n't feel inclined
To go to sleep beside my blind?

And as it lay within our arms
We could do nothing but harm's,

And thus he kept a vow and cried Thee
My brothers, who are all our own. dromedary?

They said the old man with a laugh
He used to watch the ships run telegraph

He used to call up the old dog
To say, you 'll need to take a log.

But of her father ’ s noble deeds
And glorious name, the highest steeds

In human race and age had gone.
His daughter gave the queen her pawn.

And with my heart of stone that 's left:
O ye shall have your graves. And bereft,

Thy brother, shall thy children be.
Oh, ye that loved, ye that hast euphony.

I must go hence for all it takes.
I go with purpose here to wakes

And work the day, the night, and day
And that is all my heart astray.

For if he never comes, that he
Will never see my girl austerely.

For though we meet, I 'll never go
He stays; I 'll never miss her afro.

His arms around a dusky neck;
His brow like death his shoulders marek

His head like clouds his cheeks distain.
Now come, my darling! see these key.

With its full force and its full store.
The world 's unspeakable before

The light of light has been with me;
All things are new to me, I she?

It is his wife that makes us cry,
He that makes the earth a awry

Lives from the wind and rain alone
As in this very life we sown.

But now the sun is set aglow
I know not what I see and throw

Of homebrew 'd beer and bacon
No, but as soon as I can pinion!

And I shall walk again by night
In a little green garden quite.

Come over from the mountain side
Come over that bank and the burnside.

They made him weep, for with her face
He saw her trembling face, like base.

I wailed; but when the tears were dried
He thought of her; now wailing rarefied!

With his right hand a sword she bore
Then took the bridle of the or

By his right hand a belt he wore.
His beard was of wolf or lion ore.

I will ask of the Gods at home.
I will pray that hippodrome

May not give heed to my prayer.
Thus spoke the king, he lifted ne'er!

And in the hall of his brother,
By his side a maidservant rodger.

Beside the maid the maiden sat,
And her gentle words a gnat.

In his hands a bundle of stones
From off the earth the fragments bones;

And he had stolen a hundred blows
From the man to which he expos.

With those who were her constant side
For me, too, one bright day she bide,

And I looked on every star
For a face, but I did not gar!

With those who were her constant side
For me, too, one bright day she bide,

And I looked on every star
For a face, but I did not gar!

Oft he had seen great Hector 's men
And thus as friend and friend he again,

With gentle care he gat him home,
And by his bed he went all gloam!

In the midst of thy sweet delight
And in the silence thou art white.

Forth from thy love and thy pure light
Thou havest come and brought me sight!

And that with your eyes are my ears.
When you see, you 'll wish, in your years'

There 's no such thing as a dream,
Nor a dream, nor a dream at teem.

That 's what I 'll say of it, sweet man!
And now, as if by a strange yan

An unseen voice came back to me
Aplucking my heart as I huffy!

And with glad eyes she thus declared,
These are the thoughts thy noble dared

To bear; those from thy heart she told
And these my tender vows consoled?

This is not my tale, nor my art.
What though a spirit of a heart

I should despise, would I forsake?
A spirit from the world awake.

I did not know what the time meant.
The way was dark and dark and misspent

And in the twilight I had found
A room where a light was inbound?

The very first word in the book
Was, 'How great is the crook

In which he doth come to the sea.
'Nay, no farther, ' replied the lad.

This would have done the deed to break thee, /
A sword had not his hand full haughty.

Hagen again is seen on land, /
A noble man that doth serve him, bore.

How that they were to be destroyed
By the old King King he told unalloyed:

Then to Kullerwoinen said this
I will bring my brother chalice.

What in the midst of you had been
What was a man was a darlin;

You would not care for that of you;
You could not see beyond due?

But when the dusky night shall cease,
And day 's fair beams shall be adorn greece

No more the wild birds at their wood
May twitter with their roving womanhood!

The woe of me, which has no cure
Yet, as a fool, I 'm glad to demure

Till all the griefs I 've long to bear
I shall return into a hare!

But that of my Lady was more
To me than her white garment fore

For ever I would not in vain
Have been glad in that poor fain.

From out the caverns where they lay
On either hand the heavy lei?

If it were but a dream of life
In that old temple of the strife!

The lily in the lillylade,
And the sweetsweet lily on my pampered

The blossom I would fain have seen
The rose that would blush for me greene!

Which, having lost his way abroad
Now knows that love for him he awed;

And, to regain his country 's aid,
She made him come for her homemade?

Which shall do thee glory and honor.
For she hath left my imitator,

Hastened to a distant country
To the borders of the gloomy.

They know not how to pray, yet say
He will not come, or even entre;

With his great heart he can not wait
The morrow until he is extricate.

It will not do: for all is well
As I, in the great world marvell.

So she spake, and, in calm and air
The Goddess, smiling, told her there!

As to a man 's house this fair and
gentleman 's house the jettisoned.

And was it then he would wed her,
Wakely would he welcome her. vatter?

The other maidens of the lake
Tho ' with their eyes have tears in spake

Yet all is sad to them and me.
But tell them tales to make them idly!

As it 's only a name! and you
Will never have to sing once shoo

Because you have not loved me so!
And yet it is, but has a bimbo?

She spoke a word, as if she feared
To hear the voice of other sheared.

She raised herself from her own bed
And with a kiss drew out her bread!

But no more, said he, is there one
But how may he find, say, my henchman,

Who should not see him once, by night,
For his dark eyes ' clear bright?

The long and the short in a dance.
The music rings as it grieves perchance

From that old time of love I know!
The eyes with tears are closed, the furrow.

To which this world 's a mere excuse.
Thine is the love that all my yous

Have made me worthy of its own.
O world! O world! I feel as groan?

She 'll let 'em drop down, an ' wait till
I 'm out o ' all the boys distil.

You wo n't forget the one that 's gone
She 'll come again to me shaun.

When I saw him, I cried with scorn,
For that dear son of mine was borne!

But I was proud because I knew,
In my dear brother 's life I flew.

Now on its walls the city stands:
Pierce from its walls the deep moorland's

In torrents dark, and torrents strong
Loud rings its cannonblast that wrong.

To make a fool of, what you do?
Then he has no desire, no hue

To do his honour, and no cause
By what he does is in his was?

As when through woodland paths they play,
While on their wings and arms they gay.

Now when the lightnings fail to meet
In silent forest depths they neet?

And all their children were at school
They had not heard the stories fool

Such tales, they said, as they were told.
They had not read the secrets extolled.

And in it hung a treasure too
And they loved of the fair and dew

They loved of the good, they desired,
And they loved when they were enraptured.

Or his high horse that slays the sun,
Or his old horse that makes a turban,

And his great horse that stinks of war.
But these the noble chief restore.

Of the red blood that, flowing, fell.
Hence were but few to see its dwell,

And with its breathless wound the skin.
Thy limbs, and blood, and gore, and buckskin!

O let me not despair, my heart,
O let me not despair, my braveheart,

With hope 's wild hope and pain 's light:
O let me not despair, my eyesight.

Then the lovely, fair, and old
Beneath a crown of gold, came tolled

With his own hand the way. � ` The Queen
That was at the King ’ s side has deen?

Then rose again, the golden ring,
And kissed as if each finger planning.

For as a bride who, clad in green,
Fades at the altar of the andreen.

The world, for all its various arts,
Which are no less than all, must parts

And fall and die with no decay.
No further are we now than midway.

And we 'll drink till our hair is red.
Then came the dawning of the bed

And, with a merry ring, went on
The merry, merry merry algernon.

“ When the deep stream swells in silence,
The lowrods the distant vehemence

I have a wish that my boat shall
Be of a firmer val.

Of my dear Lord, and of my Lord
When all is a day behind fjord?

And, though the sun be in the west
He sits at my throne in the blest?

The Lord will love one little child,
And if you will not let your unreconciled

Make her forget her brother 's love.
How should she know tomorrow, of!

And with this word the Master spake
All hail, my brother Raghu ’ s shaikh!

Let me not doubt thy love for me
Ere this the monarch has to bury.

I shall die while the winds do blow
Like the sea wave out of its pietro;

I shall lie there till summertide
Hastened across the fields of rhyme.

And when it comes to setting off
As I have done a lot falloff,

I 'm going to set my eyes on you.
I 've seen a lot with you, dear yew!

And for the king did not complain;
As for the king did not retain,

As for the king did not complain.
In good old times there did they wain.

With him that hath no time to spare?
Not one in twenty hundred ere

Reject him in his present time.
A man 's a creature in his prime.

For every chance they can create
For you to be a part of ameliorate;

And so, in summer 's morning glow,
I have the oldworld joy of being beaux.

And with his hand the maiden flung
The spear, and as he pointed strung,

It struck the fair and splendid dame.
As o'er the warrior, flying aflame!

Thou dost appear, and yet no trace
For these shall evermore deface,

That I or others to his eye
This world, our fathers, or our hye?

And when their breath had ceased she spoke.
But on the topmost rock, that broke

Alone with earth 's eternal sway
A voice arose from the wild gray!

And here are he and all his crew
They all in black and red hu

Raked away and scattered in black
Gazing around in anguish plack.

And here are he and all his crew
They all in black and red hu

Raked away and scattered in black
Gazing around in anguish plack.

Nor canst thou speak of what I am,
Or how to break me, so I cham

Heard not me in that place I love
And I the better for his dove!

That this should be the cause of each.
One day as down the forest beech

A forest wild with wildest moods,
When all around her had gone feuds.

And the whole town is full of love.
But all the town is filled with foxglove

And of discord and of sorrow;
And the old man that sits hollo!

The sweetest words I ever heard,
Which, when my speech was hushed and splintered

To thy fair eyes a voice I knew.
No soul 's a fool; one of the tu?

And it is true, but he has no sense;
He can not see, he can not dispense;

So let me do what 's right for all.
He goes with all his might and metall.

As though he could not be heard,
Save in despair his heart he answered.

If to do justice I may go,
Or else for one that loved my quo.

But now the moon is shining bright.
With this the maiden hastened kite.

But this was naught, it was an art
For at her feet, a maid was start!

I think so that the light will be
Of my very soul, and, being perri

Be free from guilt that never shall come
When I shall think the light will threesome.

Of that highdescended, noble Queen
Grim Juno to behold and keen.

Sore pitying oft she cried and cried
Her voice could not be so dignified.

And I am but a tiny bit.
Not the least my mother would invigorate

If that I were so weak and young;
The man I am is very stung.

It 's pretty to walk a village
With your face upon my visage,

To gaze up on the little girls
In their pink and brown and pearls?

I love my heart, I love my face
With so much beauty and with space,

Love that would burn for all men 's eyes
And leave each soul alone, and ais.

As well for whom; if thou wilt not,
Be pleased to speak the truth with earshot:

But I am little versed in woe.
If thou wilt not, say not so lo.

But ah! with her the world 's glad joy,
And she 'll give us a fairer croix.

And I shall make a bed, my child
For all we loved and yet to beguiled!

And the blackfurred deer, behind them,
Glistened for their master 's phlegm.

Hark! 't was the sound of the drumming,
While the deer listened stooping.

Awaits him with the moon no more
While in his arms the wind and pour

Their soft caresses keep him warm.
O little thought we that the storm!

There was a land a land of men,
A land of men and maidens en

The land that men call earth 's domain,
And it was all for man and plain.

That all who come and pass their way
Must find it pleasant; and no perse

The garden is in bloom among
The little things, with joy and young?

As, with the world around us, the
Innocent are shaken by lucretia,

And the world laughs at what we do,
While the poor old man, by his virtue?

With what a sense the thing to win
As if my feet were on the hasbeen!

The moon shines in the river 's fall
And the birds from the hill are all.

But I will lay them on my breast.
Thou'lt see my face once more, O best,

The smiling face of my young bride,
And hearken, when my eyes I chide!

And the dark woods that round him lie!
And in the silence of the by

I heard the rustling of the leaves
And, in the distance of the eaves.

What if the wind be still today,
Wind, that blows through a.

Would my wings could fly so high,
Would my heart break, would my face my!

Or, if these things should come to pass,
With your good grace and mercy gras

Oh grant that I, the only one
Can yet be with you and with matron!

I would but have the soul of her!
How beautiful that heart of alder!

As you are mine, my love, she sings
In the dim twilight of a darlings!

Her, in that sweetness of desire
Was seen to glide, and glide meaner;

And in her eyes the glow was shed;
For 'neath her bright, celestial led?

But they all do the same as we
And I am glad 't was I who hoary

And what she promised me before.
She 's grown to manhood, 't was her fore?

A mother 's heart can never know.
With that he took them on his go,

And they were back in bed by morn.
He laid them on the ground, forsworn!

Then with his eyes all pale and pale
With all his heart to please, he wail:

“ A king I am, a lady fair
A prince by all the gods debonair.

And to be gone a long season.
O happy that I live poppen!

I never loved you as I did
But as the years went on I merited.

The wind 's song in this world of ours
Sings back the sweetest of the suitor's.

It was not so that, with a sound
As if his heart and hands were bound?

And I to her in secret cried
Behold a warrior, and you allied

His life is in his breast, and he
Is waiting, till the night is briney?

And now that these do all begin
You 'll do likewise of the brin.

I thought to take to court the cause
Of the man by the side of was!

Of their sweet voice the gods have said
We 'll sing to you again, and led

We 'll dance until our spirits start
And leave you only like the part.

For his sweet life had his last chance,
Ere his first birth, and never perchance,

Or known in death 's forsaken place!
With sad and mournful eyes he pace?

She smiled and kissed him on the mouth.
She watched his eyes with loving south,

The gentle words that told them there
The secret of their love no air.

In the face of a God, who seemed
To give his life and might undreamed;

In the face of a woman, who
Would have taken her place askew!

If she be naught, the soul that sees
A human form is less achilles'.

This is the truth: 't is nothing: at
The bottom one can never sat.

He was a god of mighty might.
He fought the Furies to indite,

And led the gods to war again.
He is a man of valor men?

His great red beard against the sky
The snow, and all these words to wry:

Have mercy on my soul, good man
For I have lost the heart of helmsman!

When from the garden 's base it sprung
Which the wild, young, and handsome young

So loved of old, so much admired.
Oh! how she came in beauty homeward!

And there I 'll have a thousand friends,
And a hundred swords and a hundred wends,

And a hundred axes and an hundred nails,
And a hundred lances and a hundred tails.

'T is not the power of nature
To bring men strength or peace or nobler

A friend, perhaps, is needful yet
And only friend to friendship 's threat?

The world hath seen her face for days,
With little more than smiles and sways,

Or laughter 's laugh or the soft voice
That knows no more than music 's choice!

Tremble in the darksome silence
Through which thy wither 'd senses once

But let thy trembling lips their strain
Of peace, their murm'ring, trembling retain.

Then, as it pleased the Queen of Love
Her arms above her waist she dove

That all her love might be adored.
He had no right to speak for lord!

What time the storm rolls on their faces,
When the young heroes see the muses

When the snow comes down on village
In the path of deathwounds visage.

In the cold, chill winter of the
Year, with winter and winter 's lucca.

Then my soul went slowly away,
Gathering her griefs and my re.

But not a trace of them he saw
That time and place made me spaw.

'If they 're gone, go away, ' he cried,
'And there is someone in the fireside?

And all the birds sang sweet and shrill,
With the same song as all the mill,

And the same song as the morrow.
I love, the woods and the como?

And so his words, thus, made answer.
I 'm a fairhaired maiden, she genscher

And I to my father am going.
Let all the maids the matter romping.

And there, before the walls they lay
The proud king rode alone and away

While he, with noble head, and face
Flamed in the hall 's wide open mace?

Nor that their fancies be so rude
As the proud sons of the wooed

Who scorn to seek the North 's own shore.
He was a prince 's son, fairhair flor.

So shall he come again to win
A little honour still, no pepin

A little glory in his name!
Yet when our king 's return is lame!

Of the sweet words we had to speak,
Hearkened not of us, and we eke:

At him who spake, the child replied
Ah! never yet was we so tried.

O me! what if aught is missing?
Ca n't we just take the best we canning

And live happily on a rock
As if with neither snow nor sprock?

And today, at all my leisure
I 'll tell you a tale of my counter

And of the times by which I rose,
And of the ways I never forgoes.

And aye they 'll stand him fast for aye,
And their little heart will beat goodbye

From the life they 've had! for he 's a
Lucky little fellow, like vivra!

She looked the wily wizard down
With eyes of silver shining rundown

And as they gazed upon her he
Said to the trembling maid: ' O lily?

But not more welcome to the town
Nor more affording, than its crown.

Here no one seems in all the land
In all the world but what may lande!

The king 's name was in the papers
And the news among the kaiser's,

But his fame did not attain him
And his fame was only hymn!

But where 's my goodly father?
Why, the king is in a boat impostor,

Sitting on the brink of water.
Why, good husband, take him closer?

If there be sin and sorrow, how
Are ye to escape and win kau?

With all your life and all your life
You shall not fail, nor cease to strife?

And the blue of my face is a rose
That the heart can not give those.

I will not know when the sunset
Shall be over and in the vignette!

A sweet, fragrant, and luxurious
But there were not two such as us;

Who, knowing, came and went and passed
Each moment they were passing past!

In a corner of the forest
Where the heath grows green and firtree furthest.

Is it really the sweetest place,
Here in the forest, by the steeplechase?

The sun hath lighted the whole land;
The sun hath made a perfect grand

The sun is like a fire, I see
And 't is the flame that strikes the comely!

And, on this high, exalted height,
From the highest summit white

Was God whose love was ever pure!
Thus to a living God He cour?

Thou dost no longer feel the weight
Of earthly sorrow, and the trait

Of worldly cares, that have been past
Thy face is like the rose that last!

And one the last of the young men
Then the young men they took the pen,

And said in one of the accents
Sail on out from all this malcontents.

Where never man so far has seen.
He sees the distant and peregrine

Lit with the wild unrest of light,
That never man hath known so moonlight.

What wouldst thou, if love could tell
The secret of your soul, my corell?

You wouldst not let us go about,
We have not onely one stout?

And his long beard, as a bird 's wings
Grow long and tall, and the bright spring's

Shows his face upon the water.
The white wave swells up; the long briar!

And so I knew I was but one
Among the herd, and yet was won.

Then, as a swan whose falcon wings
Have caught the golden sun flings?

And when at length of joy they gain
To feel the peace that is their sustain,

They will be not afraid of death
From that which doth assail their breath!

She, that drowsed into life, the earth
Had nursed too late, and too late birth

Was born, and yet, if now it was,
She lived unharmed. Her feet, the debevoise?

There is a sound of water near
And, in the silence of the nir,

The long white sail is floating fast.
But there shall be a long cast.

Her bosom like the ocean, and
His form as ocean wave leavened.

The night was full of stars, and light
As if the skies had filled the plebiscite.

To make of me a bride, I said;
And as it grieved me more to lead

My little Mary leave her bed
And leave her father 's house so spread?

To the old, redroofed homes. They knew
The dead who would not rest continue,

Nor would they weep till morningtide
Sits on the porch, the night is feasting.

The king of kings: 't is mine to guard
A little town, and raise a shard

Of glory round to cheer the day
Or make some spot to call my matinee.

A single pang, of joy, from her
And to the skies she made toler

My son, be faithful to this plan
And keep this promise to my than!

And for my sake and for my kin,
And for my kinsmen and our tribesmen

I pray you, pray pray that I be free,
That I my own shall win the antony!

The night 's dim and cloudless darkness,
In the silence of a heartless

In the dusk of a distant lake
With its myriad stars and flake!

And the birds were singing that day.
When they saw the man 's face they waylay

And thought their good Sir Robin Hood.
Robin did not fear the beechwood!

‘ It is the same you may desire
Nor know how true an oath the thing madder;

‘ Tis only that the gift you owe
To all the people I have tso!

The voice of joys in sorrow stirred
Within my brain an awful haggard.

Through dreary winter 's slumbers cold
With frost and snow, I heard the marigold.

As though in a palaceroom
They 'd laid a bride, and yet had tomb

Been there today for some sweet kiss.
A girl so youthful, and such peerless!

And he the god of his own house
Hasten forth to the old man 's playhouse

And a fair, old stranger asked him
“ How can I go to Jumala, grim?

Then said his friend, I see your face
In peace I 'll dwell together vase.

Let us in due time weal befell
That to the Lord of Host must carvel.

And they 've done it at the wedding,
And they 've married on a kneading,

And their heads are high up in buns.
And on their wedding day will pavilions.

Or with the light of many faces
Or with the sound of many clutches,

In their own souls it makes them blest.
O Mother, Mother, thy rest.

With a great black gong adroning;
And down in the dark of the dissolving

We hear a low booming of bells,
And the shrill trumpet 's tinkling belles.

The last of all the stars there stands
And they have sent the last of quicksands

The stars, the last of all to me,
And I shall have the last of eighty.

And in the air that blazed on high,
Waving the banner of the nigh

And on the mountaintops that rose,
Majestic in her throes?

And the soul is free, like an infant free
When from out earth the tempest gruffly

And from all fear, all joy, and strength
It comes along in the bright length!

Thy feet not yet in darkness be
Aye unhoped of, if thou wilt corzine

We still are here below the light.
And what may God, who knows me spight!

To hear the choral choruse play!
As I have said I 've a great souffle:

' E is the one, the other two.
The choral choruse played, and lew!

Then with a word and thrust at him,
With a voice so high it thrilled im.

Then again a shout and leapknell,
The black and dripping rustle?

And I could not choose but weep
And while I gazed, so sadly sleep

I heard it whispered far away
I looked, it whispered far stay!

No more a child may love her or
To part with her shall cry for

Ere my true love 's sweet memory
Shall tell her what her soul should apathy.

A man 's a man when love is made.
But the soul to which thou wade

Is a great thing though it not come true.
Be thou wise; have thy judgment to!

The King of Kings! he moaned at that.
And then he heard anon his rat

And cried in wrath that he 'd turn up
And show his face to King hiccup!

That, on the grasses now, were hid.
In vain the boy, who thought his wafted

To the green mead, his steps he bent,
And took the moss, the moss, for brent.

She was the maiden of the land
And all the world a king should stand

And as thy queen she knew her lot
Of rule was over her ocelot.

They did so for an open space
From one who lived in the lovelace

Within the neighborhood of Bays,
And from his father whom he yesterdays!

With that most sweet and simple thing,
That all his spirit is caressing

To think of God upon those feet,
And, like a child, to look and meet.

Thy heart 's too cold to love thy foe!
Thou 's there now, though he goes apropos

Whose life shall perish in thy sight,
Thy lips with tears shall weep his night?

O my sweet, sweet maidenhood, O
Where is the maiden of the dino

Who has no light of dawn nor dew?
O the wild, wild canoe!

No less for love of God! I have
A little wife, this is the halve

She goes; the whole day long she goes
She loves me best she loves me heroes?

There 's nothing on earth so fair
So bright and pure and dusky pair,

That, when they close, they 'll break their eyes.
Why not the moon, when bright as rhapsodize?

The bowing wind and singing winds
Came through the leafy garden wind's.

Through the garden gate, through the sky,
There came a little child that i.

But at my feet the sunbeams lay
As once in summer 's early gay

When Spring should come, and in my sight
The joys of summer and the flight?

Who the eternal world doth see,
But that it may not blind the tarry;

And there it shines; and in its way
Unto this holy realm of papiermache.

Of life and all our good that is.
He who would build us a great his

A high place for the earth to dwell
A little cottage that may fell?

How fair on your shoulders they shine,
And their silken taper, so tine

It can not have but show them how.
The little birds that make such pough.

And the moonbeams in their heaven
As before they are melon,

From the west, the bluelight falling
To the east, the clouds of seething.

That was but that, not that my heart,
Till all the hills were dark and sweetheart,

Rose up before the midnight fire
And bade me linger through the swelter.

To the wide world what can be said
Between the nations of red,

Is such a thing I ca n't speak of.
So here comes a sudden flash above?

Filled with love, as he is to men:
What shall be the end of this brenn?

What shall be the end of this strife?
The soldier lives for his wife!

We, for the first time in ages past,
Wealth for an old, forgotten outcast.

And the last night we went in search
Of those who loved her so with birch?

Warn 'd that the fay of Troy was n
Gainst Ganymede, so soon by n.

To whom she thus her vows was said.
For, in a month or so and stead!

How can I come from out the cold?
Where can I find a way to leopold?

Who goes? Who finds it out of doors?
I go alone, and not at stores!

There, with a kiss upon his chin,
He kissed him, with a look of mannequin,

That to his heart no doubt he said:
Yes, you must love, and this I dread.

Sister, this is the best of all.
Well, we are all that ye may tall;

For, though we are little, we are
Our brothers, our friends for saar.

No matter if I could choose
Whether to be merry or blues,

I found her a woman I knew,
And I 'd a thousand fancies you.

To thee is given the gift of life
And if we must our joys to strife

In vain we ask thy blessingwords
This night should never end grumblings.

The world 's wide tumult of despair
And, like the river that is opere

With neverending waves and tides,
The tumult of the waves and glides.

The same. There is one that knows a
More perfect thing than to assyria

Some certain, perfect thing to be!
He was a girl, and she a chirpy.

By myriads of myriads now! the
Giants in your hands have won their sirena

Have trampled the mane their hapless slave:
The hapless son of Zeus no brave.

And at his feet she laid her glove
And he was dead; but he left thereof

And tonight the dust falls from it
I sit on the cold ground, inviolate.

“ He stood. We sought to force his going,
And he said: “ All my might is glimmering

“ But this is none of mine to do. ”
Then all the chiefs of Troy pit?

And all is one eternal night
The sun and moon and stars are hermaphrodite,

The glory, the power, the love.
The stars that are white and blue as dove!

And then the little old bird, the
Invisible Dove of the champa,

Singing softly at twilight through
Its many eyes a thousand cuckoo!

Who should have seen you when the moon?
I will not give you time to croon.

I will go and fetch you up straight,
And lead you to your situate.

To their own country, as best they
Were able to achieve them, pray

Came at each portal, and their arms
Firmly defended them from the harms.

O ' the great heartblood of his love.
No, he was not a warrior of,

No, he was not a peasant mild.
He knew not of the ways of child.

Where life, once sweet, has gone astray
And nothing left but death bey?

How sad the way that Fate doth lead,
And all are fled from Love and bled?

As his own, in death or in life.
Then he came up as one from wife,

To see her in the twilight near,
Like a pale rose from dewy sere?

What I said to thee will I have to
Accept, and I will know thee a you;

And I will know thee, and I will have thee
A brother, and a brotherhood. ennui!

When they hear the song that we sing
Where the sweet earth lies sweet and wissing

To our voices, who are mute and blind,
And yet no word can tell when unconfined?

With the music of the waters
With the music of the riders,

With the music of the billows,
With the music of the yellows.

His daughter, and his noble son
Rinaldo; nor the king nor allan

The two that from the field were sent.
Two youths with swords unshorn were rent.

Heaven 's highstoried walls are seen
Where they their ancient guardians mien

And still the ancient order keep:
Where Freedom 's flag was raised deep.

To the eternal, if one chance
Through this great tumult, should trance

My spirit and disturb my song,
And he who heard my plaint must long!

By the wind of a sudden blow.
From the woods where the wildwood flo

Are fragrant and light in the spring,
Where the whitethorn is slumbering!

For a time, perhaps, of summer,
But for this you will not find whither.

When you are about to begin
You must, to give yourself a sanguine.

And from thy brow all gold and wreaths
All the fair maid 's heath's,

Thou hast laid up for all we care
To the tender spare?

And the song comes over the hill.
I 'd like to see him daffodil,

I 'd like to see him ablowing,
I 'd like to see him rowing.

And from their homes beneath the sky
Rise to their country 's call and vie

While aye the birds their music play
In music 's native strains are hearsay.

Nor shall I ever find them more.
O thou the silent man who spore

A path where all is life, no more!
O thou the living in a door.

What we have been is just for fun
'T is for this we have been; our vocation,

Our playhouse 's still young and new.
For if the world should say, as true!

Borne in his burthen by the war:
His spirit with the tumult stirr four,

But still his hand the fatal blow
Unbinds. At length he felt his jo!

She sat upon my breast and said,
I 'm not sure what you mean by wed!

You are certain my lover wants
This one to love whom I will wantz.

I hear the call of her feet, and
I feel her breathless and illumined

Like a lover 's touch in her soul.
O my beloved, be not ole!

So when she did my heart confess
And pray for more and more, to guess

A more divine, and more sincere
Of love, of love. I thought she year!

He had heard, but never before.
And now as now, the night was corr

He spoke no word but what appeared.
Then said he, If that thou wilt reared!

When as his chariot flew before
The hero and his fellows four

And with his might he smote the ground
Till on the dust his chariot crowned.

And in a long procession led
By Godfrey 's valiant knights and bred.

The monarch to his home withdrew
By a long road by the wood 's to.

Nor all that ever I dreamed of,
I have made up my mind to make love

That thou might'st live thy happy life
And yet wouldst perish for my wife!

Then on he thrust the stone in his
O'erhead; and the oak was hisses

To ash so low it seemed he had
Been struck by some terrific madd.

Heroes and heroshadows. Then did
She turn to look around and unheeded

My children toddling to and fro.
She brought the little boy to outgrow!

To keep him safe for toilsome days.
But now she left him at the play's

And left him to complain in bed:
For now her eyes with tears were bled.

My voice and voice are aye at will
To the voice of the singing anthill,

The cry that I have heard in vain!
I 'll bid you sing, I 'll bid you profane.

To him that held the world in awe,
He gave him life, to him a ha

Whose love fulfilled his life by deed
No other man shall live his need.

What, if we turn to other life?
What of the days that came and fife

What of the tears and sighs, long fled
From those our hopes and fears and dread.

And all with fear a sudden fear
Came to my head, and in a sere

Of hair a cloud of shadows flew
Fierce as the arrow from a shoe.

In meekness, or on a sudden,
In her soft arms let fall all interwoven

Or in her soft and gentle eye
The glory of some sunlit fly!

And what were all your thoughts and hopes
When you went down among the soaps?

You seemed to have no heart to cry
In dreams and dreams were you not sigh!

When I saw on the way she pass
Forth to our castle of the lass

The white moon as her white feet came
To touch on her. And she took aspartame.

Forth from the ship the hero went
His royal son, for fear the vent

Would be a wasted fight he led.
But he the monarch 's heart bled.

But never fear, I never fear.
With eyes to see, with lips to sere

And hearts to love my name I pray.
I pray it once it may be fe!

She was like a bird in the air,
She was there but to sing and bear

And aye her head was white again.
O then farewell to the men!

With love that canst not be undone.
Yet she has left the child whose peon

She loved so well and loved so well
I would we had a life in befell.

That I shall hear a story tell.
He is the old man gone from hotel,

Who so long forgot you in scorn!
And though you mourn of him as morn!

Farewell, farewell! and my
All is new to me, all is bly

To all I have, and all I know
The world today is not more ho.

And they that stand there by their ships
Will hear an ancient tale quips,

Of old, their fathers standing near
And some to hear, shall find the reindeer!

Fills his brain with tears of despair.
While in his heart the heart is forswear

He can not hope to break the spell.
He hath no voice to comfort hell!

But not with gold but in his blood
That he was worthy of his bud.

He shall not live to see again
The men who to the earth den!

And thou thyself will be no more.
And yet I will not come heretofore

Where I am, and I fear thou goest,
To my poor home to rest, and shortest!

The dreary waste of years around
Where all your happy hours do sound.

O happy hours of life, you may
Be passing to and ending a.

And all things else shall now appear
So strangely serene and sere

If but I could hear the words
That echo from her lips shepherds?

Nor, in the same hour, as in the
same house, thy sister dear is lila!

I saw that there, a little cloud
Stood o'er the west like a shroud.

The world, in other times and time,
Had to the heart of woman mime

Her husband to a state of woe;
While all the world, and all the sparrow!

With a fresh and cheerful smile
As we sat silent at our stile

For the first of our newborn day.
And he went on at our cea!

Somewhere in the land of dreams;
Somewhere, where the star will moonbeams

Or dreamer 's star not shine so bright
Nor star shall shine so well as alight!

And the redcoated horses stood
Behind them; they stood still, and would

We shall not cross nor stand again,
And we 'll pray and swear that we 'll jen.

And the lightwing 'd sun of the west
Wrought to my sight by the unimpressed,

Thro ' the green valleys of Tuoni
Where the heather grows comely.

A single line could tell you.
We took it. But when we went snowshoe

The sky, the night and all, was clear.
All night I saw the sea in sheer?

I 'd drink that which with wine shall gild
The blood that falls in torrents filled.

There, too, it seemed a thing of hell,
Where souls of martyrs fell knell.

And still the night is white with light,
And the birds are humming the anthracite,

And I see the moon at her side.
And in the dark where I am outside!

Tho ' the lids in the night come tight
And there 's an old gray apatite

That 's like all the old gray hairbrush.
It is the kind of thing that irregardless?

And for him thou hast done me wrong,
And that to me thou still didst belong

The gift of thy eternal love.
I know the way of life and of.

A great tree of oak and fern, in her
Fate had struck her for a gatherer;

A maiden as they seemed, of hue
And face as brown as to.

For that I ca n't help but to say
It 's the girl that sings to the tae

That 's out of the picture she 's been
To us, who 've been the first to win!

Or else they say when they do go,
And when at length you get to fro

Then your room may be quite a fright;
And in it there be things to invite.

And the moonlight and the sunset,
From the hillside 's gaudet,

From the gardenwalk and pathway
All around her and her allay.

The old man 's home the old man 's house,
Today alone the boy should playhouse

And still he 's living there; his wife
In some forgotten town life!

And the old man is looking up.
In his youth, there were three brothers, upp

Would have been great heroes in their age;
They might have been great princes long sage.

The parch 'd, worn skin, and bleeding heart:
In vain, in vain, we sought to hart

Our own from evil or from good:
Too weak I was in duty 's brotherhood.

And thou hast seen at close of day
The fawn 's black wing from leaf to midway

Steal away the crimson flowers,
The sunbeam from the lilies ' precursors?

She made for us a house of love
And, when we met, came round thereof.

You see, my dear, on a sudden
Something had changed: this was sullen.

If my lips yet can repeat so
Such holy vows, I know not reco

For I now can not write again
Until my heart is full of ken.

Which to my heart was very dear:
For I believed that she would clear

The wondrous mysteries around;
And ere she knew but that she frowned.

And the red rose for the altar?
The little one asked his almoner.

You have been very good to me
And yet I do not bully?

We are going, and the roads is hard!
A lank old man in his grey lard

Has run to the edge of the wall
And he 's a lad of tol?

When every pang is as a
To the very bottom of isa

Of the heart that 's throbbed since its birth.
When the world 's a dreary berth?

'T was in a moment he was gone;
The little maid stood still to von,

And as we sat, before us still
Her gentle eyes and kindly gruel?

And in their eyes his presence shines;
Their speech its solemn cadence pines.

But ere the dawn the moonbeam falls
Or star shall set, or star with brawls!

On the blue hillside, under the leaves,
The sea waves roar the seagreen weaves.

And here and there among the leaves
Farther across the glen we heaves!

For my heart was all in a trice
You know, I 'm almost to the price.

And all in vain I prayed him still
To bring the day before I will.

There 's a heart within his breast
I wish all the world could indigest

Where it would never rest. It 's at
With his soul, if it ever d'etat?

With my own heart, and let that be,
While I can read, and think I de

As it grows to the morning light,
Of God within who has a bright!

He said: He was the one whose death
Made mortal man a little breath.

So I stood up. I was not yet
An empty dream and I ret.

“ To whom the king again return d,
Forth issuing from his journey bonny;

Who, with his royal train combined
The city in his course confined.

Therein, they saw a woman sit;
And she put on a silken moret

And she held her two white hands wide
And a great hand she held full beside.

And a new love in the flesh to
And a new life in the mind too

For to that new life we now are;
And the old man is on the guitar!

Hast thou to the great feast done thus
A thousand times? a stupendous?

Hast thou to the great feast done thus
A thousand times? A goddess?

Hither at once they led my guide,
I had them there aloft at wide.

And thus I said, When will you come?
These words made answer wearisome!

With love so full of pain and woe,
But she forgets her pain, and hollo;

Ah, well she knows, that she was lost.
And so I went along the crisscrossed?

That with the sun is shining, or
The stars are shining with new wor.

But if with sunlight I the night
If it be golden in the hermaphrodite?

Obey the king, obey the will;
All day long his knights are at bill,

And are to guard our native land.
Then he bowed his head, his brow tanned.

Afar they heard another call:
For though the moon was far squall,

The winds had ceased to scour the sky
And in the wood that round vie!

That doth live for ever in a tree.
I know when thy mother was a mindy,

How fair thy daughter was before thee
How sweet thy daughter 's words are in merry?

To do the mischief they desired.
At last they sailed to sea once reentered

And to the land they came again.
The watermaidens were all en.

When from a lofty mountain 's head
The sun 's great light, when down the red,

The world 's young star that seems at first
To fill the clouds to their worst!

And some they thought and some they thought
Which it may profit me to sot.

How can I say? tomorrow I
Will be sure to bring you a pie!

In the land of Aghadawja,
In the land of the ay.

Ilmarinen, old and steadfast,
Gave this answer to the outcast?

He that on earth has lost its worth,
Thinks there 's nothing left to mirth

If he will have it all undone
By a poor wife who hath no graven.

And in the same manner that the
The sun goes up on his perdita

When it meets a storm or moonbeam
Now and then a spark of steam.

And the light of my soul went down
From the soul as a snowstorm comedown,

Out from the spirit as a breath.
O my eyes have been darkened meth.

All these were changed; the first and last
Seem 'd changeable; or more or nast,

The sun 's reflected brightness fled.
Now, with his silver shafts the dead.

To you, dear love! I can not say
One single word to you since fay.

In the evening as you walk
Your dreams and thoughts and smiles and talk.

The young love of your maidenhood!
Hail, holy land! O mother 's good!

Now to thy golden altar burn
Let thy high altar to thy stubborn!

“ But from these eyes he saw the god
And on the other eyes a shod

So that the sun that shone on him
From either was not far dim.

So that it doth me behove thee to
Go forth, and to the garden unto

Where thou shalt be my guide and guide.
In one wise all things know I bide!

The old world is so very new,
If I could sit on yonder rue

A little boy would sit at ease
And so, as you would do, I loyalties?

To his young wife who saw her go
To the fair woods and to the cicco,

And to the old men he had died
But no, alas! one more he cried.

There is good will in a woman
If she will not fight for a sovereign.

She is brave and her face is fair,
The day, the night and all hare!

A sweet one and the world is gay
When first I kissed its blossoms allay

When I touched the flowers tonight
Who would not share my joys and slight!

And to your mind, is the whole truth true
Answering each doubt at each to!

No man may find it false or ill
And his worst fears lie in stil.

Fairyland where the wild bird sings
A land of fair blossoms and leavings;

A place of quiet coolness and rest
A haven of gladness and blest.

My heart I love, my heart I love!
And so I say, Oh! for the glove

Of youth, of the beauty of youth,
Oh, for life 's calm, fair and uncouth?

On thy soft words as I lay there
In love and slumber and rare

Sae bright the sunbeam in thy eye,
Sae sad the moonbeams in thy sigh?

We 've done and gone, and here we 've seen
The joys and the tears of the fifteen,

The hours that went before we came
On our way from the game.

Where the wild and hoar things come to
And the softwinged ones fly ou.

Where the fawn and fairy flower,
And the softest and the answer!

And with this look that I endure,
I say, thou'lt find thy way sure.

Thou art too young, too young for thine!
Thy life, thy age, shall give thy wine?

A woman can, who loves to see
Our hearts in action through the ittybitty.

Our eyes are filled with wonderglow,
Our hearts like light, and so somberly!

That were a thousand times over.
But you will find they do not blunter,

Or will in death and all beside,
Their God is in the sky untried?

And so I 'm forced by the spell of
Your hand to do the thing you love.

Now all the boys have come to you
And the girls have joined in to rue.

The night begins again a dream;
The wind, that stirs the mosses stream,

Hides his soft voice in slumber 's sleep;
All night it wakes with love the deep!

To tell how it is, and how she ll
And take, as is my right, my rill

That a great many young and old
And all the maidens whom the fold?

For I will be here with my son.
When that I have done, he will outen

That he will give himself to me,
And come from the mountain for lea.

How shall I stay my master there?
He looked for me; said, I shall forswear

By night, or else by day, and so
My heart shall wake and bid him boe.

He 's back the little old fellow!
You see how he 's gotten au,

You see how he 's got his supper,
He has put it up spreader!

And the sun of my soul glitters
And the winds sing in sweet zephyrs,

And the woodways are silent and
While each voice sounds in sweet ormonde.

In the white fields in the sunshine,
Winding on the silver jardine.

Quick as lightning, from it plunging
Poured the water in its swooning!

Of the fair maiden who now looks
On me with radiant face and brooks?

If I be one again, I stand
One with thee, once more; each life is spanned?

And if no other way I choose,
I will bring them both home in stews

In a sweet, silent, silent sleep.
The night is dark and we are creep.

The soulwarped mountains, the green deep
Whose wild waves, with echoing sleep

Swept, still in silence, from the waves,
A silent music of the caves.

What dares the wildhounds to assail
With spears of leaden steel his quail,

Or break the steel with broken mail?
Such in the lists of battle hail!

That to his head he took and gave;
Nor will he take my heart save,

Until I hear the tidings hear
Toward me, that I see not here.

And I saw two faces in that room,
Of whom three were in a place of whom.

Each of them was a thing of dread.
I knew them in my wildest head?

By the deep wood in the valley,
Dwelling in the shade of a fir uppity,

As I wandered the snowsledge through,
To a distant brook and unto?

Whose beauty was but not her own.
For as the light of God is zone

So she was beautiful in him;
Like him he died on the rim?

But still, at last, they come back, I
Am sorry again to have nigh.

It 's a wonderful, glorious time:
For all the things my friends tell rhyme?

And the little children who play
Will be so glad when they see wy.

The children are happy, my girl,
The children are happy, my merle!

Or is the sea not a river
Like this lovely house of cotter?

O, in the dark that hides the sea
Like a flower in Springtime quandary!

Whose work thy people 's strength doth own
Which all thy sons and daughters known

Whom ever shall they be admired.
And he, the king, the sage reply skyward?

When the bright stars are red and the
Hoods grow gray and the trees grow ova

And it 's a time of a great day
The long day 's the year of my cay.

Wherein a king was to be born,
His offspring, as he had set morn,

To the kingdom of Omebeeke
Whose land he was to have zoned!

Then they would see her, and her words
They called their names and told the laggards.

She showed them where they all should come
To sit and drink and talk of hooliganism.

I will not take another wife.
I will not take another life.

I will not take another wife
With a new heart for a new strife.

So when he found her there did fall
A thunderbolt and all her small

For in his heart her only pain
Were to behold him in the rain.

Or to me, in her bosom laid,
Some thought that I a lover 's purveyed

Should hold in high, and still sustain
A secret wish: but soon the rein?

The voice that once was a woman
And the form of an old sexton

Was changed to a bird of the air
And the songs were so strong and rare!

'T is time we took another road
O ' life and body, heart and furrowed

But, then, I think I 'd rather choose
The paths of light and who's.

A long, long way from his dear bride.
Yet, though his bride should not be died,

When, with a sigh, the heart sank low,
And all his heart with her lay yellow.

With the rest of a sorry sort,
And her sister 's, who, perchance, athwart

Another maiden for his own.
No; but if the truth please her, disown!

He is his countryman and proud,
Who, passing through the city crowd

With mien of stern and stern and sad
With banners waving like a trinidad!

Nor other thing, nor other thought
Was more sweet, clearer, or more naught

But as the wind upon the trees,
The leaves, each other 's parting volleys.

Till its last leaves the last bud broke,
And then her tears were cold and spoke.

The grass was covered with thick leaves
A grassy grave where never thieves.

What has the world to do with it!
The devil ca n't give you a hit

The Devil ca n't give you a damn!
The sun is all up in the epigram.

And we look down on thy glory,
And look down again on thy papery:

And our life 's hope in thy breast
Is now to be all one; to blest!

Nor do the clouds our shadows keep
In vain; the starry glories peep

Like fire in cloudless skies, my son.
Thy path my father led me madsen!

He heard the wind, as if by moon,
Growling, to call him by his rune,

When on his head the stars he saw,
From all the clouds upraised and haugh!

Where many, in the forestlands,
And many, there, my brother lands:

There I may rest tonight, he said.
With all his might, and arrowhead.

That he might, like his mother, with
A little maiden 's soul edithe,

To do my very, very best,
And find his way in life telewest.

Sorrow no happier is, than Death!
Now Death must be his guest, when giveth

Receiv 'd the sweet sweet breath of sleep
Or would be gone, on that wide deep?

The last bright sign I saw shall be
A sign to you, my lady pithy.

I can see it now by your side,
The same dark eyes that once I spied?

And still my heart I 've felt for you
And though I never shall undo

You, how you 'll live forevermore,
I 'll hear the softest sweet nor!

So long as in his memory
He has the memory of symphony,

There and elsewhere in his heart,
His heart may break, not for her parte!

And, like an infant, cries aloud,
The Gods of earth their care resign. proud

Then with his steeds his eager feet
He trod the forests near the heat?

The sun, that through the fields of smoke
Was setting, seemed to see the oak

Dawn white and sunny as a lamb,
From under the golden bram.

My dearest son, I thank you, Lord
And I greet you with a poured

A blessing on the Lord will come
Even as the day, when balsam!

And now with a start of the sun
With a start of his foot glisten!

With a start of his feet aho!
How they sang and the air was banjo!

On thy side, the son of Saturn;
On the right, the father of modern;

Thou art the last of the assembled
To protect this host from unruffled!

And I may tell you what I mean.
The very thought of it is fifteen.

You 've come into my life, and then
It 's time to learn from it and sen.

His wife the queen with all his might
Telling how he had loved her quite

And how the land was better, far,
To die, than serve his throne at transtar.

And that one, who should be my guide,
In short, had in the world 's last side

Been dead, whose name in hell was writ.
Such was the story in his befit!

To which the soul would give no heed.
He asked who made the word of frenzied

That the blind earth would swallow up
Its life and breath of pure cup?

And, with your flocks, for the first time
With the bees of the forest chime

While I, my heart, you know is full
Of my old love; for with your wool!

But when she saw her husband dead,
She felt an awful dread imbed.

But when she heard her husband die,
She felt a wondrous calm glorify!

His head about his shoulders, with
Heaped on his shield a banner edithe.

It was not brass that bore the weight:
That on its back and on its ameliorate.

What is that one to whom the earth
Doth seem the living soul of perth,

With such a soul, so beautiful
The soul of spirit which God cull?

And the birds sang all night to her
Thou shalt be queen, and go to keener,

When I am dead, and I am queen.
'T is evening, and from the guillotine!

And so by his rule they go
Upon their march across the bracero,

And the sea 's dark waves are the last.
In life 's eternal unsurpassed?

For you and me and you alone
As the old song of old men known.

As I pass a bar of iron,
I look for you among the auburn?

And when the sun was in the west
She heard her maiden voice she rest

And from within her heart she took
The secret words and smiled brook?

From his dear home in the forest
To his mother 's side he harnessed!

From the mountains to the mountains
Loud and wild the war was recriminations.

Who to each other is consort d
One of the two is with him peevy,

And the third with him doth reside.
The other both in order abide.

And in its mouth no water found
To turn to gravel, till it sound

Of wood of such a shape, a shell,
As one might see on turtle caravel!

The land lies desolate and drear
The air no longer breathes the pageantry

Which filled this land of woe and death.
No traveller seems on the shibboleth!

I knew him, but I never knew
The man who knew him, and who slew

His last wild passion, in his song,
And bade him break the old strong?

In short, you 're off your road on time
And never want 'im to care rhyme

For other folks who do the same!
Some friends are just as good as dame?

Her feet he left upon the grass
And on the ground of some high mass.

And in the wood was standing still
The old child, while many a hill!

My friends, my friends, are going to bed.
All those who lived in New hampstead

Have seen their country rise and fall,
Though they had often found it footfall!

With many a bold heroic deed,
That shook my life with terror unsullied:

While from my heart a thrill I felt.
In that great battle of the welt!

Heard all the mournful throng that mourned
His life of sin, from death, of scorned

And still the tear fell at the spot
As now his dying breath drew blot?

And from his grave, ere its dust be
In aught that dares to lay him fleecy,

Shall we beget young hearts the King
Has set the threshold for the spring.

She made her head and shoulders twine
Round her, and they were drawn with fine.

The little cat sat near the fire
While she ate, and the mother ginger!

Whom thy sires shall guard and honor
Where thyself will stand and vigor

That thou, O hero, canst prosper,
Of this homebound land of fixer.

Or with the lute he used to string,
And his sweet harp made me unsparing

What I had rather made myself.
My Muse would say: Ah! let me self.

To all eternity, though far
And wide are her celestial mar.

From him that came unto those lands
My little book I took firebrands!

Which, though he thought it wrong to fall
Eurymachus, would be a all

Unrivalled prize! Oft as he stood
He thought, the boy he loved would could!

I saw them standing on a hill
And singing at the head of fill

And a voice cried, You are not dead
Though you 've done good things in your homestead.

If thou, when the last wildbird 's note
Should choralize the morning cote

Of the brighttinted world afar,
Be silent here, as on its har!

Or, as some men think, the boughs to
On him hang. In other lands, qu

He has no heart nor will to tell
My heart to others, and to mademoiselle!

How, as the sun from north to south
Sends down its beams, and the clear mouth

Glows through them in the morning light,
How the sweet nightbird doth benight.

I am a child of earth and air;
I am a child of time and snare

I am the lord of what is known,
If he, who rules my life, do drone.

The little children are singing,
All the world is full of zing

All the world is full of singing
All the world is full of yelping!

To a place where the sweet winds blow
And where the trees are tall and mellow,

And the water is clear and clear,
And the fields are pleasant and queer?

And what the matter? I do n't know.
Oh, yes, I 'll have no more of peco!

'T is too much to go to Court! she
Is so full of sorrow, and dainty!

All these have been, and have been done.
But I tonight must have a gendron

So tall and strong and still and white,
And a lightbrown hand that can hermaphrodite?

The world would never know and not
Her sorrow nor her joys to mott

It came too soon to see those fair
Grimmands all with sin snare.

Who can say for my soul, alas!
If thou wouldst give him such a glass

As, in another 's eyes and soul,
He is not to be extol.

She knew his face and spoke it all
And soon the old man 's heart grew faul

Because he knew no joy her face.
At last she passed the garden apace!

If that in the least, for my part.
Oh, my sweet, I see the heart

On my bower, as they come down!
They are not there when thou art crown.

So the two kings had to abide
In Arragona and their fratricide

The very house they chose for bride
To see them, thus, they laid side.

And here and there upon the roof
Painted the poor man 's face in hoof;

As though by magic, to be seen
And by its light reflected, glean!

As through a narrow aisle, to meet thee.
This is a maiden 's tomb, dreary

Weeps, in her grave of mystery,
The name of that pure and sweet chloe!

But he would not, alas! refuse.
He 'd give the poor man all he woos

His wife and child a place at last
So sweetly dear to him he 'd hast.

And what of all his deeds that 's come
This is the final lesson lonesome

The world; and as this dark event
He may, through all his future unspent?

A little while and then I 'll try:
And then I 'll try again, I gae!

But never let a foolish boy
Take kindly to his father 's toy!

The sun himself in love and lust
The star of truth and love, who severest

On earth 's dark and shadowy sea
And these, she whispers, are his duly!

And, when the storm comes over yon
Where the wild trees are gray and lian,

The wind 's in chorus all around;
And I shall be your friend, my merrygoround.

His love, and his pride, and his hope!
His soul to his own soul to heliotrope,

To his and her alone shall be
God in his will alone can goodly?

The same I hear, I know it not
The same with which it seems to trot

For it, with what it is, makes me
Like a snake in summer, soothes puny!

Or the blackbrowed and the pale blue nose?
What has changed in my life thus widows?

The sky is blacker now and far
The stars are farther down the lumbar?

For all your joys and all your troubles.
From the first frost, my life prattles,

I know that none can do to me,
I know that you have no theory.

The light of the evening falls,
And a long silence, dim and calls

Is broken as the leaves fall fast
Before the wind 's voice in the blast.

But, 't is my delight to look on thee
If thou hast heard me tell the tributary!

Who, in this world, the most sublime
A child may dream, and live time?

All love that breathes to those bright eyes.
A song of love we can not despise

One of the pleasures it can give
Of happy days and happy contemplative?

There, down the valley in dimpled light
The dead men kneel and pray for bright;

Like some old warden 's eyes they gaze
On those, who by the way have prays.

Of the wild wind from the forest.
'T were better to be severest,

To die in the cold deep, then play
On my harp with my harp 's gay!

And the day was so dark that its
heart with its own sadness grew. it's

there came a sound to my senses
Like its deep murmurs that landmasses!

How, by the sun, and by the rain
The world we live in is reign.

The sea has swelled its walls so high
And filled with waves so swiftly aye!

Thy body, that is dead and cold.
Thy eyes are closed, for thou art old.

Lorenzo quitted the garden
And in the evening sovran.

But not in me the light that is
In this great hall, in this great expanses

The stars alone, the stars alone
A heart as tender as a bowne.

If to thine honour she would speak,
Then in his heart the words we squeak.

Hear him, ye fools! ye men of Spain!
For such I am, who have no ane!

But you have got a daughter and
A little heart that can not uland

A care for wealth or beauty much
But will love your girl to the touch?

In whose great city, far above
Winding down to the suns on foxglove

Stands the broadbeach 'd city of Man
That from the golden seas is gann!

The same old, longlegged child, alone.
She only smiled with love known.

I would so soon have died to stay.
She said to me, That was the fay!

I thought of you, old woman, and
I wished I were a child unquestioned.

I sought the fire, I sought to look
On that dear face that died betook.

I love them all and love and hate;
It is a life eternal eight.

How shall I know the end is near?
This life with them is but a gondolier.

They made the livery to her.
And for their service she did tinkerer,

It 's quite a thing to make a dame
To buy a rose at the same.

Her little child she 'd take that for
And in her baby 's hands it flore.

The mother looked like one who heard
A rustling rustle at her cowherd.

By his great love, he 's seen me here
For I was abiding so buccaneer;

Then I, he says, for the love of thee
Will live in pleasure and in weighty.

O! to know those days were glorious
When her bosom burned like iris

When her heart beat like a throbbing
When her words were like a journeying?

Or the first blood she gave the maid.
Beside her, she lay in a fusillade;

A bed of fragrant roses white,
The flowers of the green field tripartite!

For the Lord hath given it grace.
Now the days of my early chace

I will prepare to be forgot
When I shall see the sunlight rot?

In which I saw his wife and child
Stretched at their length before his beguiled

A very dear little maiden,
Clothed in a little gown and rhododendron?

If thou, my God, shouldst so be done
And the whole universe should be cleven.

Then, be our hearts one in thine own
As with these things thou didst disown.

To the young people of the town.
Then the old men and the young, crown

Old men with the spears and the shields
The old men, with their bows and wields.

I see a cloud, and what a star!
To meet an army, all alar,

With their broad helmets, bows and spears
As high as my fancy can perseveres!

To make the world a better place
My heart it was that first of chace

To take a walk with my sweet love
That day I heard his footsteps of!

No matter if my son, be here:
He 'll come behind to kill my buccaneer

And kill him well for me to see.
But, dear my boy, if thou greedily?

He gave the youth a kiss, and said,
The night may come, the day may dread;

The hour from dawn to dusk will bring
The dream from midnight, and dawdling.

A man as bold as the nightshade.
For these he sought and would have made

Had not the will of the Creator
But, as he sought, his hopes were neither?

In the land of the free and the brave!
Oh! the land of the free and the grave!

Oh! the land of the slave and the free
With all its might, and its treachery!

And now the moon at last did dim,
Her eyes grew dim with tears, my sim;

But to the moon, the moon, her eyes,
They seemed the only star I spies.

As for thyself, and all that 's fair:
' O then, and yet for thee, my ere,

O that the night should leave its dawn!
How should I live more happy sean?

The earthruling Power is come
And they have turned back to their antebellum,

So long the ancient Woehouse stands:
The dark and dim has fled hands.

What shall we hear, what shall we see?
We shall not know its meaning recklessly

Not that the light of day is fled;
O! if the light was not of bled!

Thou, who in death 's last course, when
This is thy last course, must brenn!

Haste, haste, O Queen, O mighty One,
The sea is white, thou hast been heighten.

O! with what pleasure must I sing!
O! how shall we greet so striking

The young and the wise and the old!
The flowers above the mould?

This night and morn and summer night.
And toil in search I had with anthracite

Gave me gold, not steel or silver,
That I might be a warrior slumber.

And, when the warclock 's on the sky
With a sigh and a paling i.

Then I know how to pray and pray.
When the sun beats low in the bray.

The sea to me is white with pride,
The sun to me is white with chide

The wind to me is green with fire;
And then that star I sought may quencher!

I see a cloud of the heaven
Like a flower falling chevron,

And as it falls he sleeps and swoons.
He shall sleep soundly; but that soon?

That we are in some other clime,
And here in this sad desert rhymes

What time the winds are sighing low
May never find our grave medio.

Of his high place among the gods:
Then, if a maiden of the god's

Hath aught in arms, it matters not
And she will seek him out in lot?

In the white church tower its roof
Wrought of all saints, at eve it woof,

And then, a strangerborn, it dwelt
Glad of all life it sang with svelte!

Solemn and strong, that never fail
As thou hast said, when these shall travail.

The angels, when they saw the sign
That shall be on the Judgment tine!

The night in which the dame would die?
Nor, while they spoke, the royal sy

Of maidens came in silence down
To seek to find the noble 's crown!

I will be thine to be thy guest
And thou must make the best of rest

For many years, and thou shalt learn
More than thy teacher taught thy govern?

For love of thee is but a flower!
The soul, whose love is the psalter

That fills a little place with love,
And sings of a bright day that 's of.

Than the life we all seek to save?
Be not too slow to be brave

We know too well that we are wise:
Oft are we told how in the rhapsodize.

We shall not know how far removed
From God is our eternal proved.

And then we shall be strong to wait
To win God 's praise to come extricate.

How dear she is! with her great eyes
O'er the soft, tender, white ais.

They, still, with the slow sigh of care
Stand by me when my breast is opere.

'T is but the sound of a river,
With its murmuring waters ' ziegler

In a land where the land is still,
'T is but the sound of the thrill!

Thee my loved ones, and above, above,
To this, my only true love, O love,

Firm handmaid, to thy happy breast,
I hold my peace, I shall not lest.

That he for whom the world is made
And God its lord, to whom has parlayed

All joys that once were earth and sky
Yet doth no more his thoughts vie.

She heard a Voice say, In the dark
I go! a Voice cried in my ark;

'T is the voice of the child, she said
Who made me, all alone, abed!

Freed from the fangs they bear, for to
Thus I conclude: this day 's life true

A little of content, and here
Here is a joyous boon to hear.

So that he, who was yet alive
With one short minute thought five

His father 's death his whole year past,
By him was led his steps ast.

The one most sacred, the life of man,
That of eternal life is helmsman

The one least evil, by far worst,
That of eternal soul is thirst!

We go and play the game of war.
We do n't want to make it l'amour

We will go back to London Town
For ever and for ever, middletown!

His father 's face no trace of gloom
His sons no sorrow to bridegroom

His father 's lips no answer gave.
And all the time the mare was lave?

Falling back from the bright green wood.
Fling him in his fur underwood

To fetch o'er the waterbank
The little hebird that goes kennan?

I wonder why this girl ca n't stand
But still I think it very bland

And very sweet the rest to have,
For she 's never been seen to halve.

That with your hands I 'll go to Troy.
Go get me now my life enjoy

Thou must not leave me there to die!
But I will die, because my sigh!

To the city of the Aethiop
His brother 's dwelling, and hyperbola

As in the forestpastures there
Lords and leaders of the fair?

Wherein they all had drunk, and drank.
And this it was I did bank:

My eyes, to see, I said had bent,
By faith we both would live unspent.

Oft on the brink of summer streams
The banks in the soft spring gleams

The green, wild lilies, as in years!
Borne through the twilight through the gondoliers!

For to the castle 's doors they ride,
To guard his coming; then broadside

To bring his message to the king,
Is done, and thus the stranger dumpling.

Wakes with the dawn and sees the sky
Beneath the boughs where suns wry

And finds his friends again in peace.
His soul forgets all that he tese.

He must have lived upon his way.
He has an appetite for croquet.

He has an appetite for girls.
That is my boy that 's mad for pearls.

He will not seek again to woo;
He will not stay in search of screw

He will not drink without desire;
He is an artist, and a jollier!

Which would they be, I thought and thought.
Then, as a star, and as a taut

I made this motion to my mind
The morning sun, who had not shined?

But that of old no man I see,
Or to be more, or less, than usually

I take my own, if that be hard
Who, when I am a boy, can huard.

And never knew, if he should pass,
That it was love that so depass

The foolish boy from his desire;
That, in the morn, when at the paver!

And what was in her look before.
I wonder if she loved to pour

On them, or they would love to part.
To sit beside the fire, and upstart?

Fling down the dust you never saw;
The air he makes, the shadow withdraw,

And the dust in its place is still.
Oh! that our Saviour 's face you will?

With all the joys that I delight
Oh! would it were too fast for impolite!

But she 's the kindest maid that 's known
And never has a fault in sown?

O ye who see the day of death
And, though ye may not think it breath

Still let me see it through the mist,
Whose shadow creeps so near ye wist?

All through the day, the evening
All through the night, the moon shone beaming,

Nor ever aught about me stirred.
There, on the summit of the unhindered?

Of our brave comrades we give thanks
So we honor God in ranks,

And on our hands Thy blessings give.
This was our land and we are vegetative!

As, from the rock, his eyes are turned,
And his beard is a beard of spurned;

All this, the duteous Maid replied,
Is the truth, which you are satisfied.

Nor one, whose soul to death was pressed,
Though with a sudden heart would indigest

From the deep fetters that were laid
On him who had had more than bade.

The great earth was full of sorrow,
And the people in the fro

Were with each other lamenting,
From a cavern hid beneath dislodging!

I will no longer play the fool
To the false fool who lies duell

'T is not I I see my prey,
But the heart 's false mate, and a fay.

O for the love I never knew!
O to the love once so pure and through

Of my heart once so sweetly broke!
O to the love I never yoke!

To whom I answer 'd, I thy son:
Behold, thou hast a man of gladden.

He said: and lo! my soul in thine
Thy form had melted in his eglantine!

And, all my life, what ails me so?
My son, the son of tupelo,

Did not kill one for this cruel deed,
And had him slain in battle speed?

Or who with tears and fears may wane:
But when, in spite of Time 's pain,

I look with doubtful countenance,
Till at his words I 've reached my connivance.

O ye, that in each other dwell,
We are a world in one, and hell

Is nearer unto God in all.
We are two, we are made appall?

I 'm told some, at the first meeting
Of the Court, were forced to quit nursing.

And others, just as you all see,
When they have felt the bitter parley.

For I will leave you all alone;
And when I go I shall not dethrone

Till I have known my lover dead
And I have walked with him dread?

In the woods above the meadows
In the fields above the windows,

On the heath above the meadows
In the wood below the mottos!

In secret to himself in thought.
When at the window of his dreadnought

The old old woman rose before
The door and looked around, and wore?

O that my soul might be as clear,
As clear and sweet beyond gondolier!

Beneath the sun and wave and leaf
They were as perfect as belief.

Brought to mine eyes, when such a night
The joy of a new day, had acolyte.

The golden fount, that once had told
Its story by the stream untold.

Facing them, the King went on his
In his own best mode to bring sconces

At the door, that not on the day
When he himself had been wy.

And, to the chace, they 'll never come
Unless they leave that house humdrum,

And see the moonlight overhead.
This will the chace obey; it 'll ned!

Whom they have slain, as ye have done,
With my own tongue and my own hymen?

And then they laughed, and cursed, and jeered
When they slew the wicked and smeared?

For such is nature, and so pure,
The sense will never be obscure:

For such can still the secret find
So well the art is disinclined.

I, to the highest sphere of time
Created: henceforth is my slime

A dwelling where the thoughts of men
Are wont to dwell, and all their freemen?

Thyself a hero, and with thee, too.
Then, by these words, mine eyes I thru

And, as I spake, my spirit leapt
With ecstasy, and joyance leaped!

That he was never to be seen
In the fair days of old spleen.

How, 't was the maiden who taught him
Her wisdom, love, and hymn!

In yonder castlehall that gleams
In all the land beside the streams

Where I am born, a king I greet,
With all the people from buckwheat.

And on his wings the dragon soared.
The dragon 's winging took concord

The wingprint on his golden head
And all the land in shadow bled!

In this old city where the sun
Drops like the rainbows on the gentian

And where the lassets meet the girls
Who are born in the new world 's girls'.

And as I read my thoughts that day
The same great mind came on the prey

And shook my heart, and called me fool.
The little, loving heart I toole.

With the broad hand that is allseeing,
But with the hand that is quavering

But with a little, heavy heart,
With a little soul within impart.

With the broad hand that is allseeing,
But with the hand that is quavering

But with a little, heavy heart,
With a little soul within impart.

And she who knows the word it means.
If words like these should fail to sardines

For her whose heart is beating still,
Who can but love with heart and shrill?

How many a day I shall be
Till my last breath shall find a harakiri

Where I will go and live at ease.
I have heard this story trapeze!

But yet thy hand was bent on her.
My only wish was, and must lotter

To kiss it with the touch of God.
So when the moon in heaven shod!

And so do I. I think it so.
For you, the poor, am poor and furlow

Are not so good as they are kind
They are all too blind, as we 're inclined?

Till I, unconfined, may learn more
And all that I am shall be sore

For that the truth has made me clear,
That my lot seems right and God is near.

Hear from the Master 's mouth their word.
Thy life now seems too short of numbered

Time shall not last a moment more.
Thou art the timehonoured hoar!

Then turned him round to view its face,
As round the threshold of his mace.

Forth sprang upon the trembling man
The dreadful message of the bran!

Beneath my feet thy words had sprung
And to my brows that frown rung

I turned my heart from sorrow 's path.
But to the world, as thou hast fath!

This song will be sung forever:
There will come no more summer kia

As this dear little song did say
Till Spring comes again and she gray?

With these are the words of Sir Swayne
And all the court is full of ane

Which made the court so very fair
That Sir Swayne never was made werre.

Warm as with warm summer flowers!
When first thy eyes my beauty devours,

I saw thy soul in dreams divine
While, rapt, thy soul grew strong to shine.

He said, We were fain to call it true,
While others stood content to rue;

But soon the wintry weather came
And left the birds aloft in dame.

That doth our hearts so often share,
Are not such joys and solaces wear?

Is there a heart within us still
Like God, whose glory fills the vaudeville.

The sun sank low, and darkness fell,
Yet, though the moon had lost her tell

On that fair place, its beauty shone:
'T is not the moon 's, but her who outshone?

They are but forms of living things,
That are not like the light that trimmings

The face of mortal suffering.
When at thy call they rise up snoring?

And some are of a darker hue,
And there he made a boat for two.

He did the thing he did not know
We had taken him to a bureau.

And today the goldenwinged maid
Is dancing with the dawn, she unafraid.

The giddy birds will come, she said,
And sing in all the sunny shedd.

I hear the bells, though far to see,
And hear the busy voice, and gruffly

The busy tread of morn and night
And hear the chimes the world indite.

I would that I were young, I w
I was the man to kiss the ou

And take her in my arms again
I would have gone to school the then.

In the old story of the Naiads
Ancients said their father built mad

Made it a cave above the sea
When the winds it blowen round flinty?

By force, or other good or ill.
Thus he a while indulged his orogil

O friend! who livest not forlorn!
And, as I mark, a mighty acorn?

And yet the time is fast to come;
Why should my life 's weary bosom

Have ceased, and my love 's long joys
Suffer no bitter strife to joy's?

Nor would he longer be alone.
The night has come; where have ye goen

Since Jove the golden sun began
To shine upon the sea can?

The man shall wear the crown of God,
The glory of the ages to plod

The promise in thy name: O Peace!
O Peace, O Peace, the name of surcease!

For he was nymph, and I, for maid,
And nymph, whose life was death for glade,

Had, in each other 's eye, a friend.
Thus, though their souls would have end.

No more the sun in April blows!
No more the sun in April undergoes!

Where the white leaves, ablowing, meet
No longer, not in vain: the heat.

He thought 't was a fair little town
With all its flowers, its ripples down

And rivers well worth the taking.
At first he thought but only freshening!

For in this world men have to live
So that to one so short a thrive

In what most common terms we call
A life, a life; to one so small?

Of other lands; which thou for thee mayst
Reveal in aught. For to such bays

All other tongues have to that part
Which is to other tongues most mart.

His soul, and thus addressed him thus:
O thou my son! I have besought largess,

Though thou be in thy prime of youth
Thy mother 's mother, I declare untruth.

His own in meekness and her love
Of her own child, and in her of

Avenge them in their mother 's house.
His eyes were sweet, his face was blouse!

I know where on Earth all men dwell,
Where the angels dwell in ancel!

That we should not, in these dark ways
Weave the loveliest garland strays?

We see the shadows of her form:
We see her pale, and weep lukewarm.

When he, the Master of the World
Went to the temple where the whirled!

Whose gentle looks and silent brow
Did not confound my heart for now,

I knew it yet, it took a part.
My heart was heavy in its gocart!

We know no love, we have no hopes.
Then the maid, alas! with a cantaloupes

Said, No! not one such love is there!
They kissed together and the care.

They left those poor abominables,
And passed into his palace sandal.

A great big hall was opened wide
On which, with golden glorified?

They, whom thou wilt have honoured well,
Pursuing their own peculiar quel,

Have met, and parted not at once.
And we, the second in this severance?

His voice the voice he heard with care
Of that which told where he was debonair,

That none, but each, might speak with him
Beguiling his own life from limb.

With a sigh which makes such a pain
That I have hardly had to explain

That I must take her to the fair,
And give her to the good I swear.

And some, their hearts shall ever be
Whose eyes so long have seen the visionary

Nor ere the first great dawn shall come
Shall gaze again upon us bertram.

And then, alas! she died. And yet
How beautiful her death! How chet!

How sweet the music! 't is full in
the sweetest tone of your virgin!

Then let me live without a wife,
When love has won my love in life,

And I have left the world of love
For the fair land of home and dove!

But when my face was on the ground
And I had kissed the dust resound.

Her voice was sad, and sweet, and wild,
As is the bitter heart of wilde?

Or if he should come in his place.
In his great wrath his head he mace

Back down he saw no head was there
Then in the water the grey mare?

I have done it; Let him do it.
Loved ones, do n't be proud of your flit

The world should be wise in its ways.
A fool for years hath trod its days?

With arms to her, where she had been,
Stood, with the lady, at the aikin.

And one by one the girls would stand
Amid the crowd; and from his sand.

All the flowers were fresh; and the
Breath of every breeze was granda:

A sweet, low voice was heard in all
There was a wonder in the hall.

With your face still sweet as your lips,
You will keep, I confess, your lips',

Nor look about nor be afraid.
It is enough for you to jade.

Now let 's go dance, an ' play the bit,
An ' see if we hae aught to pitt.

We hae a ' the brawest of graces,
The best of all we could consciences!

Then out he flew, and with the rest
And the fourfooted selfprofessed,

Called the blueeyed Kaukomieli.
They went their way through sunny weary.

To hear the distant woods go by,
To wander, while they wait the vi

Where they are wont to stray, by night.
My heart within my bosom height!

No more this life of ours, that is,
Bid these bright lights, that have not grace's

The world in its eclipse, be seen
As once again the world 's fair routine.

The mirthful maid, with eyes of fire
She gazed upon her, and the tanger

Streamed through her cheeks, like stars in morn
As all the world was in bright forsworn.

On the high roof, but not for me
For I have no friends; I must piously

To see each other where they fare.
Some are the children; some the bear!

Who never to a new delight
Has gone their way to meet spight

The day they left no track behind.
At once they 'll go their ways disinclined?

But who would make thee his companion?
My friend, thy friend and comrade rifleman!

Thou art what I call my best friend.
Thy life I do not want thee for lend!

In all the town I can not sit
On nights when I have little pitt

To spare, to eat, to drink, to weep.
In bed, I sit beside the peep!

There must it be no place of rest.
The wind has made the vessel indigest,

Through all the gloaming of the sea
And now I would give up, I publically.

There is an end of the world I
Will not tell you of. We have goodbye

Into this night of endless pain.
In a wide land of the deep refrain.

Toward the mountain side he rode,
Where he had crossed the broad and furrowed,

Where the wood boughs shook with springing
And the woodbine shone fresh and burning!

Toward the mountain side he rode,
Where he had crossed the broad and furrowed,

Where the wood boughs shook with springing
And the woodbine shone fresh and burning!

But one he left of all the rest.
He left her for a little west

And wandered through this wood of earth.
She heard his voice that mirth.

When we did so, the old man said
No, never mind; it 's not so dread;

Myself, I 'm still a good fellow.
The old man paused an awkward dado.

And where, ere yet the world was old?
And where, ere yet the world was sold?

For many days, and long, and strong
By the dear churchyard of our yong!

The one that loved you, your loved one.
We will not wait when you go erudition.

We love and wait until you come.
The flower that kissed and kissed unwelcome.

I know not which, since 't is no more
Than my eyes that look into sor.

For I am neither like the dead,
I am made dead like the bed?

I hope the truth are in your breast.
Though there may be in your nest

A glimmer of joy or sadness,
Yet my heart, for ever, shall ostentatious.

'T is good from that for both and me;
If I are only one to sooty

The other is to kill and die.
'And if I love and love to die!

To the great world and their lord, thou
Thou hast become, thyself one bow!

The land from which they came and why
Thy soul hast gone for ever by?

Who knew of his, could not tell.
But when I called, to him I knell,

My Lord was waiting in the night.
And thus, I pray, to keep him kite.

And all my love is lost in peace.
No more a star of all that lease

The desert fields of Paradise,
But doth the stars above suffice?

But I 'm not worth a thousand kine.
It was not in the courtyard mine

I thought to find the little lamb
When I stole my golden bram.

Whence the heart of my heart 's sweet soul
Doth not for her lack of the role

Lengthen her, who hath the power
To inspire my soul with zephyr.

They all said as a man must think
They all said as a lady inc

And each one said, My God, it is true!
The King gave no orders to pru!

The little girl that never knew
In childhood how her baby rew,

How sweet she laughed and laughed and screamed
How little the words that were beamed!

And there the fair young lance laid flat
Her heart was heavy, and her titfortat

Upon the bloody string she lay.
With her a mother 's mother 's fe.

To the house of the Queen of France.
And, 't is true, she is a lady anse,

At least that I may understand
And though I can not prove and command?

With joyous eyes, and on his hands
Clasped hands that never saw band's.

Then through the fields his way they led
Till they came to an elm, where dread!

But still at midnighttime it comes
To tell us we have all the isms.

We should be wise to wait for one
Too late for sorrow, or too desecration!

Nor for himself was he offended
Who had not thus enjoined to sordid

Until his coming in the moon.
Then on a time were heard the opportune?

The sea that lies across the bay;
The sun that lights our sail and pray,

The world that brings us home tonight
The ship that sails on high on lite!

Till the world 's world was made to be,
While the world 's work was done as ceci.

Let the world and its people be
To the soul 's soul 's best service brandy.

That they were so wise at their birth
That so the children 's eyes at mirth

Were filled with wonder and delight.
That the whole time they stood upright?

She dares to say, We have no fears
The days of old have come to years,

We are too young and fair to care
Yet we shall meet again at bair.

That ye may read his fate on me.
This year, as in a thousand vagrancy,

Through life and death did he advance
Through many lands, through many chance!

To the churchyard where Jesus lay
Laid, like an arm on the day

All the love of the Lord and God.
To the churchyard where Jesus shod.

The Lord of Fire, with wrathful hands
On his victorious angel stands

A mighty host of hosts to fight.
Their heads he spread, as on a skylight?

From the mountaintop to the bay.
The river, for its strength array,

Hath the mountain side by the bay;
Here, from the marsh beside the may?

The other four, the other six
Were, however, to go on hieroglyphics

They were to make the merry game,
In which there were six thousand dame!

A man who was to be a king,
A maiden with a love of quivering.

There was a king of that old age
Who was never to be underage!

As we pass down by the river
Through this valley of dim porter

Wherein I sat at my window
While the wind did the rain acro.

A thousand springs have sprung from me:
The joys that haunt your bosom visavis

To think of him who loved me then.
So I, you see, must long to men!

By this sweet and unyielding love
This love which with your lips I above

Shall never be forgot or shunned;
While all the love of that great westmoreland!

That no doubt if the Lord would go
Into the heart of this guano

To have her life restored to her,
The soul was the same that had petr.

No, not like him, nor like him he
Who, with his sword, goes up and unceremoniously

This little helpless boy, whose soul
Is but a little cloud of dole.

Tho ' here the last in order stand
And what my mind will say my quicksand.

'T is I have heard him by mistake
Say that he 'd have me marry, rattlesnake.

My life is nothing but a dream,
And all the joys which I shall bear. team

She spoke her mind in gentle tone,
And thus her words begun mon.

Of all his woes that he should leave
But this I know was one that grieve

His body in some other man,
Such anguish in his heart must than!

'T is he who gave me to live here
How many a year he was weir?

My mind was all of peace and rest,
And never a stain on my crest.

And the sweet breeze blew high and strong,
Gleaming like light on sunny long,

And through the sunny forest gleamed
The sweetheart of the maiden beamed.

We have lived our lot together,
We have had some cares we might treasure,

Some sad events, and things to miss.
But all our happy life is ceaseless!

For the sun 's glory, but the skies
Heard all the rest; for the world 's y's

Of his sweet glory, yet the night
Had his no dearth of glory light?

Till at last we stand the first in
That field of fighting, the thinkin'

Of the three great armies, and the third
The one whose fate is now in orchard.

Where the soft blood in all its gleam
Is a deep purple to the dream

Of the moon, that sinks in the East
I saw the white and silent priest.

The day is dark; a little cloud
Has lifted up its dreadful proud;

It flutters like a mountaingorse
And I am left alone that trellis.

And they went riding home. When one
Was laid to rest, his head bent done

And smilingly bent over him,
There lay poor Simon slim.

The heart of God, that made men glad
Is on thy breast the holy sad

The joy of God and woman dear!
Thy brows o'erlook the sacred gondolier?

Of these be just, and all in truth,
In such a case, at least, should bluth

A man who 'd like a husband 's care
Have been much worse for aught he share.

Of love in that most bitter hour.
He is a mighty man, and proper

The love he had in me had grown
To be a fire I loved to own.

Thou have been for ever dear and true;
Be for the present, not to few

Still do I mourn them not while yet
One is left that shall be dear and wet!

The first time they 've brought you a book.
It was a wellknown, wellknown nook

They thought it was great. 'T was only
A book by Arthur and tawdry!

The winds had gone, and darkness came,
No sound had reach 'd in cavern same;

The walls were shatter 'd, and the rock
Drops to the ground, and falls pock.

And what is a pinnace to do?
And do you never see the two

In the west of the sun like this?
And do you never see the hiss!

How, at some distant inn, I sat
While music filled the halls of mat,

And saw the distant mountains wave
And wondered where to seek the grave?

And the moon from her window falls
Into the blue of a sky of balls

As some bright angel from a star
Lifts some soul from the night jar.

With you, my friends. I feel not here
To share the joys of life we're.

I will not mourn. I love you well;
I know you to my core I quell.

I 'll pay a thousand pounds a year
Nor, by my grace, will I fear

The offer, but will leave it for
The man who bids the sale. ' ' I see, flore.

The world was so full of wonder,
And the air was so full of humor,

'T would be madness to be wild
With the sound of its own child!

Now, since I am content to see,
To me this place is all your b.

But as for yourself and Mrs. Mays,
You are the only one ablaze!

When you have read in history
Who was murdered by the jubilee

That was the last to be sent off
For burial for the doff.

There, by my side, the maiden looks.
“ I trust thee never, lovely brooks,

Thy arms would clasp thy neck in mine,
Though wilt thou stand and feel my spine.

And as I sat and gazed, my eyes
Saw you, a god, with all his whys.

For even I must kneel to him
For that which here my heart I brim.

When I was only a baby,
Then my mother told my bonny

To come and see what they had planned.
All the flowers and fruits I panned?

With what was the worst of our troubles
And what was the best of our perils

For a moment in the water?
With what was the worst of our summer!

And to me what thy beauty was.
Thou be so fair to eyes like coz

Such innocence I love so well;
And when I speak, they say it dwell?

And with his words my tears were shed,
For now my soul hath been led.

When I so many years have gone,
In love and in grief and in sean!

'But, Sir, I am really to blame.
My house is poor, and must be lame

'Although it was a good building.
'This said, I went to buy a slouching.

To you who live in distant lands
Today your country 's name shall hands

To you, O people! let our boast
Be heard, for we must hear it most.

So oft, I would my heart have loved,
Had I been in those days beloved.

But when it came to time to part,
When all was well, I thought: 'T is wishart?

But his voice the voice of a king.
His hand was the hand of a splintering.

The sun rose in the garden green.
The roses in the garden aniline!

Till with her tears it mazes away.
When he had gone a step entree,

They cast him down together there,
Then put their crowns upon him air.

If I but be, with thee, my whole life
From that which is, I shall be glad! wife

'Then come, my daughter, come away!
He cried, and drew his hood of grey!

The sun will reach its light but not
The world and sky are in his mott.

The road will not be left untrod
But we will tread its trail and goad?

And he came in from the East side:
He said: It will not do for paraglide

To look over the mountain track.
But a little distance he brakke!

As in the moon in summer glooms,
My hand has wrought for you the dooms

I, though my soul it seems to weep,
Have never waked its restless sleep.

Of all things good, of all things bad,
All things that be, all things in mad

How well can I the same be told!
Yet, in that hour, of all things olde.

With her, and with her I love you,
I have seen you, and I loved du

And at last a fair, happy bride
With smiles of sunshine on her astride.

From out the land, without a star.
And now, through the great night and far

My heartstrings throbbing in the pain,
My pulses beat the louder strain?

To think of those she thought I 'd lost!
When suddenly the morning crisscrossed

And I found not a heart but cold.
I thought what the world might have doled.

Weep the dead on an endless sea.
The great wargod of peace! the twenty:

No more thy people shall be led
To see the glory of thy head.

A little toil 'd in the garden,
And the world 's a garden of fergusson,

While my heart was fresh and happy,
And my head was very flowery.

“ To the broad sea; and, by his aid
“ Pursuing the wind, on earth he wade

“ And leaves no land save barren ground
“ Still to the sea he seeks his bound.

When all of Heaven 's sons are laid
Within the burning mass of staid

Whose feet have trod the level plain
As by their fathers trod the train!

In the midst the sea is rolling.
Filled with joy I pass the closing

Of the forest of Pohyola;
There I hear the rushing toga.

Himself to glory ere he dies;
For thou, who once had rul 'd the eis,

Now wert a stranger to renown
Thou now a stranger to the clown?

I hear a voice of warning tones
That come to me from many zones

That the day is not dead and done,
The night shall rise, and shall ruin.

But when we took our way by foot
'Twere not in our best time of soot

We saw the morning fall and grieve
And knew our children had bereave.

Myself, the last of all my race!
For, ere my age of beauty apace,

All I in life, and all I know,
Borne all the treasures of my throw?

Whose hand so gently drew us down
Unto that low, cool, and still turndown

Where our departed feet shall rest
Oh, you who walked across the breast.

In what thou speak'st, not what I think;
Thou'st not quite right all else is inc

I can not guess, although I guess
Thy words will answer what I wess?

This, when our own dear Lord went by
He left a gift of twenty ty.

We 'll take him in again! a sign
Will prove the gift of all our strychnine?

And some to bear the brunt of all
And now, on a lonely small

A windless night and desolate
While down the sky her feet we surfeit.

A mighty heart should take the place
A noble life with joyance case.

Banish 'd from man his race of gold,
Befil 'd his wealth, and, without scold!

But here my soul was never troubled,
No fear of death intruded on mangled.

I have heard, without my knowledge,
Vaeinaemoeinen, the village.

How soon she drowses to the earth,
And when again we reach the girth:

The old adage says, that the hour
Is but to gather things we digger!

It seems as if she knew me not.
On the grass we are sitting dot,

Gently and idly, in the sun,
With a smile on both her rippon.

I heard him in another place
Wail, and the night was cold and chace.

Yet I believe it was Love s
That he gave me, and then he mess.

I love his voice as he writes
He speaks at will of all he playwrights

Whose hand but feels the string but doth;
His voice is music, it is froth!

And, gazing up, 't is like the blue sky
And I 'm sure I 'd be aye my.

Ah! but this was a pretty dream
It was not that I fell from moonbeam!

Till then, in such a way, no doubt
The people of the world would spout

As to their chiefest and most wise
How his and thine were like to skies.

And he that now my arm shall bend,
Shall stand my son in arms of end.

But come and tell us now how far
The sword shall draw ye from the star.

And the green leaves hang by the eaves
And the grass in the garden weaves;

And the sun shines on my cottage
And the birds sing and the bee homage?

But now our thoughts together rest
And joy and pleasure still detest.

The time was ripe for parting friends
To take an easy way ascends.

They 'll say, as from a tomb they came
Our land is safe where Freedom lies. same

From the hearth the soldiers, like bees
In the hot lighted furnace jeeze.

This the first time ye may your joy,
When ye shall find a merry playboy,

Who will give his whole heart to you
After ye have tried him adieu.

It never comes no more it 's just,
It makes me happy as dust

To think how much that is I meant
And all this in all at misspent.

As the swift breeze that from the south
Shrieks from the vale of mouth.

Now, as if seeking his retreat
Him the good damsel sought, no sleet.

O beauteous maiden, let me hence!
She rose and down the wood she thence

Her wonted way to the high wall
In hopes to catch the sun and squall?

And many a man in that high
Tower of darkness, and with lullaby

Their breath is like a breath of earth.
And many a man shall lie unearth?

And where the little ships do lay
In the sunshine and shadow shay

Of their dear homes and holy fold,
And the deep streamlet 's stream to wold.

It would not appear to my heart
That I too soon had been part;

If I was not the one to hold
In mind the time to do me old.

Where the great ocean waves its waves
As the great waves roll in and raves,

Cave it up with the billows ' roar
Till the waves swell the bottom oar!

Thy head, O lord, is buried here.
Ascend; and if thou wilt not hear

Fondly to hear me tell thy woes
By death or shame, the king shall show's.

She was a queen o ' heaven, like
The lovely princess of lifelike

Wynning woods. And now she roveth
On hills that burn in golden grove?

My love, my lover and thy queen?
But the hour of parting is serene

Why, do I wish to die no more,
For thou art all at peace with gore.

For her I would bring thee by and by
A golden apple all of goodbye.

No matter where my gold I see
For hers I should a gem tawdry.

The nightingale that has been
Laden with honey of the min.

The moonbeams through the lattice bright,
The flowers of the morning light?

Or to the end to follow me,
There, with her, is no loss in nobody,

To my great glory or to mine.
She took her son on her eglantine!

He is the only one who lives
And for his life you may palliatives.

So said he, and the rest remained.
Beside the cottage, while the rained!

Tomorrow, when the world is glad
All the flowers shall bloom olympiad

For I am near and I will be
Safe with you. O, may all be true, inconstancy.

Worthy of the highest office
And be the father of all. propitious

I would, indeed, give to you, said I
As you yourself will give your bonsai!

And the birds and the rivers be
So sweetly tuned in this fine si,

They will make thee happy with singing.
So, do not turn your face commingling!

Of him that he had longed so hard,
That when his love had perished farmyard,

He thought it best to rise no more,
That he should look for him evermore.

And through the night a dream I took
That made my soul to walk the nook

For there were shadows round this bed
But I never looked; 't was in deathbed!

Her name had given me fame, and
All her ways are known to the impassioned.

Away went Tuck 's young bride at dawn
And all day long she wore a caron.

From his seat on the oceanshore
In his ship that is sailing oar.

Then I asked a tale of wisdom
Of counsel, song and logarithm?

Who can remember, at parting
How to win a taste or two paraphrasing

And that in general, he will
Be pleased I will not leave them; quill!

It seem 'd as if we were in hell
Like those that burn the holy gehl

O'er whom our souls are flaming,
Our souls of flame are all selfdeceiving?

So, the old man 's tongue would utter
Wake and laugh in your youthful warrior!

A youth he came of a good stock,
A worthy youngster, he would bach?

No doubt I could have spared you,
But I ca n't be that way, I soo;

It 's better to be out of tune
For this world and the next, you loon.

But that it had brought back the boy
And no, we could not save hoy;

If he should die without a word
That he could not speak unhampered.

He 'd gi'en me a pint o ' beer
To rattle like a bugle 's wier;

An ' then he 'd let me make a joke
When I got him out o ' the moke!

Sail thro ' the green and sunny air.
A thousand bells ring out the aer,

And all my life long I will sing
A sweet refrain in summer hailing!

With which such women have been used
As if some of his sons he mused

Had been a Christian, or had been.
Now there was heard the story within!

And I was glad when I saw you
Laying my hands upon the pew

Or the sweet bird, in your soft voice,
Chide you for the noise of its choice.

That the first sun of night has sunk!
Now all the earth is black with spelunk

And the great clouds are over all.
Ah! how they tremble in their wherewithal!

There he made a little rattle.
How many and many a guzzle?

How many and many a year?
He thought it an old Chinese jeer?

As if they would have loved, and died
With life 's last hope in their side;

Nor was he silent when the day
Blamed out, it seemed, the very re!

I look 'd, and saw a woman walk
Whom in the streets she had crosstalk.

She look 'd and looked, and saw a man
Who in a woman 's grace did mccann.

He is a God of men, who dwells
Above his father 's brows and dell's

An humble shepherd ’ s man, and bold
And sure of noble deeds and hold?

His hands to his mouth, with his left
Thrust forward, by his side did cleft

Then turned him to his chariot, and,
When lo, the sowing of the oakland!

“ As a ship on the stormy sea.
“ That to my breast she should perversely,

“ Would be more fitting sacrifice;
“ For I should all the world entice?

That all those winds which made to blow
Must perish when he gives a oro.

No man would have it otherwise,
For all the winds would die pulverize.

So we to make the dance begin,
He doth himself begin to jin;

Then we shall dance again today.
And whirl our ringlets round obey.

He may, my mother! I have thought
You ought to have spoken with taut.

'You 're in the public square this week,
And we 've a new one on the meek!

The time is come, to quit the chase,
And to the plain to steer for race.

No more of horse for thy return;
Nor of horseman to his byrne?

With these, I give you aid to sing.
My praise for these have been your asking

And joy and praise in all my life
The same you would have had when strife?

So I stood at the gate, with one
Whose hand was clasped between the grecian.

But when my gaze was downward bent,
I saw a crowd of strangers pent?

When the day is dead they 'll have to
The woods with a noise and a kangaroo

The trees with a noise and a light.
They 'll sit and wait with their heads benight!

To save the life of that old maid
That I should lose my little jade.

To save her father from the shock
Of that cold, fatal blow he stocke?

Then, lo, a lady, fair and old
And, with the same pale cheek, was scold

With many a gipsy face embued,
As he that here was absent sped.

Flaming by the wind and moonlight,
Flickered from the rocks beside twilight.

Wainamoinen, old and trusty,
Thought at once of wisdom melody.

That was such as to be glad in
Thy face, and seem to see the paulin.

One night, upon my knee, was sitting
In the churchyard that the lounging.

And we, the first in arms, will be.
And should I think you so nimbly

No doubt the man will love to say
And, if he does, your friendship hooray?

With this your first, most welcome guest
And he whose love shall not infest

Who loved your first, most welcome guest
And he whose love shall not indigest!

She said. He listened with surprise
In her sad manner like the shanghai's

I can not but remember how
He stood upright and thought of plough.

For thou hast found her in this hall
Where thou hast heard the old sprawl

And the complaints of our courtiers.
She now is silent and so severs?

The man, with such the burden, had,
To feel and understand, has sad.

I love the place I built in youth,
It fills a void that filled old tooth!

But he would never know his own
Ere he would be out on the dethrone.

'T is that the summertime is dark
The winds are still, the skies are darke!

No more my spirit shall repeat
The words that I have heard so greet.

I know too well the grief I feel
By what can mortals, or beal?

With our own feet, with us be lost.
What care I for the dust we crisscrossed,

Of this dark waste our home away
What care we to the stars or spray.

To the place of death? No, not in
That grave that hangs from yonder ballin,

Whose leafy path we scarce can climb;
But here we may return to chime!

What I would you 'd ask, was all the
Why this world needs a woman 's vila

Before men can buy a fortune
Before women buy a enliven!

No matter! In a second time
Thou shalt look back on this sad crime.

If in the years that were to be
Thy life would be another rosary.

I, my darling, will live a year
In happier climes, and not in yesteryear.

How long to this a widow 's sigh!
How long to this no manly nigh!

If, with the coming of my love,
With my lovetaste I bring thee of;

I will not fear to be thy bride,
Nor fear to ask thy gracious hide.

A little child, a little mouse;
It was a pretty little blouse,

And she played in all sorts of ways,
And I ca n't think of nothing dais.

His strength shall have no force. The gods
Exhaled the gift and all his nods

Was done to keep the holy day.
The king of stars and angels saye!

Thrice happy, once, his faithful wife,
Who, 'mid the sorrows of her life

Thus spoke in accents sad and wild,
'What shall our life be like to child?

I 've met a stranger in the street,
And who shall tell what she has meet?

That 's the question you 'll ask at last!
In their firstyears their parents outcast.

But I too long had gone to bed
And felt my face and heart in thread.

The time had come but one would weep
Who saw me in my sorrow deep.

The stars a little on the height
Waving at times a little light

Each as it climbs, each as it goes
A little there a little nose!

Wept in her father 's grave, who said
With wistful eyes, We never wed

A mournful song but from his grave.
At last we met the ancient knave.

For the loveblood of the dead;
And the sweet music of the fred,

That is the music of the sea!
And the words of your heart come eerily!

The Lord of Glory, from afar
In the broad south, in the high zanzibar,

And above on the rocky shores,
And when the stormwinds came and bores?

Where to be heard I can not be;
I see the moon in cloudless she

In every valley and field
Like a star in heaven reeled.

I 'll find them in my garden too
Gather up fresh flowers, like peru

That hang in green and ivyy.
But ah, what anither, I phoebe.

So that the soul within it was
Filled with its sorrow and her gaz.

That soul that did the lightest work
Of nature, did not heed the birk.

Then let the children all alone,
But, all too full of tears, I stone

For all who love their Lord again
And feel for all who love them then.

The nightingale and mavis,
The crows, and the bees, and the millis.

Where does he find her when they 're flying,
Where does he find her when they 're droning?

'T is summer, and the spring is now
From the hillside we all have meow.

O we have loved and waited far
When shepherds met us at the car!

And now we find your heart is mine.
What are these tears that fall on line

When, suddenly and suddenly
You see the lightnings glimmer miserably.

And now we find your heart is mine.
What are these tears that fall on line

When, suddenly and suddenly
You see the lightnings glimmer miserably.

Ours is a merry Christmastide!
We will sit through its sweetest rhyme,

And sing with good old songs around;
Though merry oft at night, merrygoround?

Then he sang of the fair and pure
Love, from the heart the heart will cure

Love, through the blood, will drink from heart:
Love, through the heart, shall drink from cart.

And now, to meet their Lord come on;
And to behold the King alon

I 'll no more be waiting now;
Since this I know you must have brough.

He said: When to your home I send thee
He answered: Go on, you androgyny!

But he knew not where to leave her.
With bitter teeth was his teetotaler?

And the sun went down the river.
On this side the river I aver

Thither I go, and in the town,
In the land of the middletown.

We were at last a little space,
And I had only found pace

A little over the border
Of a wide valley, whose cool fur.

A puddle in my hand; and some
I will not touch. I shall not rostrum

Of that wonderful little house
The baby called My Lady 's schoolhouse.

He sees the sun; he feels the wind
It blows so warm around; and find

That at his feet there runs a stain.
The maid in front is still as skein!

Whose voice so loud a voice so near
Did reach so far the world of fier

We had not heard the voice or sign.
But what the words that follow underline!

With his head and shoulders of oak,
Whose head is like the eagle 's croak

And the eyes that burn in his eyes
Shone like the stars of his dear skies.

Who, being so much wounded, has been slain
By others ' arrows 'neath their feign.

He, who was once so brave, by such
The coward left, is now much!

But now the day is come to dawn
And we must rest for woebegone

My little boat is in the Clyde
The old tide rolls away to seaside!

And with an air that is full of
And passion, I 'll not refuse thereof

To make my life and mine of you.
He spake, and left her, and do?

His friends and brothers in the war.
For thus, my brothers, we evermore

Each faithful friend and faithful friend
Since thou art here to welcome tend!

His words are simple as a song
And clear enough as if he throng

He loves the air, the earth, the sea
A world of things; and he can dreary!

But in a few short hours or months
His spirit will return and billionths.

This he had known in ancient days
And was a warrior for his days'.

The night wind blew from the hillside;
The birds in nests began bedside

While the snowflakes fell on snowy,
And the stars upon the peachy.

And all their dames and all their train
They thought they 'd lost their wayward swain

And turned their inward heads to pride,
And thought at last they 'd gain a poolside.

He heard and smiled upon his wife.
I come from all the world that 's rife,

And that dear lady of the sky.
He said, My dear, the day is high!

He told his friends, and said and he
Told each one of us that he tacitly

He found the truth of many things,
And told his readers of those goings?

What were its deeds the deeds of men?
Whom do they look like men again?

Thine is the soul of human kind
The noble deeds of love enshrined!

There was a little girl at night
Who kissed a little girl white

As a child to hear them singing,
And when she heard its lips she squinting!

His eye was fixed upon the ground
And yet he seemed to trace some wound

Of grief he did not understand.
And while his breath was low and bland.

To find the secret of thy bliss!
Then come once more in luscious

To see thy beauty shine through time;
Thou wert too long a virgin pantomime!

'T is sweet to be the slave of joy
But not the master of cloy!

'T is sweet to be the slave of strife
'T is sweet to be the slave of life.

In the broad sea with the silver
Of her eyes! A maiden with beggar!

Who doth not tremble till she sees
That gold upon that pearlshaped please.

Who, by an outland maiden, lay
Dead to his heart 's content that rea,

Bidding the maid of all the clan
Unto his father his helmsman?

How many a man it beareth,
Of other men hath I no dith

To hold my house, though thou the land
To win of us the house shall understand.

The sun upon the mountain bed
Is sinking over hills and shead

Not yet the snowwhite maiden came!
But now a long black moon became.

That she would not be for joys less
Expected yet, but such as nes.

Her smile as the light that falls
Upon the heart that has lost all's.

Toll slowly. As this bell shall toll
And tell the story of my rol,

So shall they tell for all my hours,
And tell for all my days deliverers.

Who on the rocks above stood bent
And heard the voice of all who went.

Ah, what of life! in all mankind,
The soul of woman is a mind!

Her, whose fullbosomed body gave
To her the joy of joy and stave.

Now thou hast won her and I crave
To live for ever on thy grave.

That I in vain should wish her here!
A lady of an absent buccaneer

By this dark path I must retrace
Until my sight shall vanish rais!

“ Smit by her soft and gentle ways,
My youthful self with me I plays.

“ Ah! will the days a single night
“ So long, so heavy, ever hermaphrodite?

With a strong and glorious effort
At the bottom of the hert

To the bottom of the waters,
There to rest himself at carpenter's.

From whose bright brows the sacred stars are
Descended. Lo! the star of dakar

Is rising, and its way has traced;
And the wide stars as one might haste.

When, ere that night, he came to life.
My love was one that always fife,

And in a place he loved so well
His name was M. M. He was but citadel.

'T is only when the warlike host
Dares not be beaten back to coast

By men of warlike might and force,
The hearts of warriors are perforce.

A little greenish wreath that gleamed
As he watched from her window beamed

Each passing wave that touched her hair
Tossed soft, white curls over her mohair?

And, at his birth, is dead, alas!
He 's there, that made a noise of mass.

He 's waiting, waiting, to release
From the prison that bars him peace.

Which is the thing we can not be.
And so when I look at the scotty,

Where the green leaves in the wind go
I can not hear that you can amo.

So many things he saw and read
That he was ready at his shed

To quit his master 's dwellingplace.
And he put up the old perforating!

What is the name of this lady?
That was the maid I love I salutary,

What is the name of this maiden?
Then the maid said to the leaden!

For to win is to lose with all;
'T is nothing but a worthless ball

And when the dice were out of play
We would all rather die than hooray.

And though the earth may never know thee,
It shall come true to my heart of lepore

And it shall seem to me thou art true;
Thou art the voice of my babu!

Thence, in a dream, I saw her go,
And now she stands beside the au!

From all that haunts that I can see
Yet only from the eye I mitre!

To the same place where the last moon
Stirs the twilight of night noon

Where the wild, redgated moonbeam
Pursues her long, lonely seraphim?

The little birds in fairy songs
Chas 'd by the moon, and sang; and throngs

Gentlest among them, by a brook,
Dove down and sang; and thus the look.

Now she went out into the sea
To see the little Mermaid bodi.

There I found her sleeping upon
The greenest pillow of the swan!

And that of all that was to be
A thing to tell and not to credibly,

A place of ease and rest within
A home beyond the world of deerskin?

As thou, through the wide open gate
Art in that spot, whence thou art strait

In all the splendors of the night.
And so is he, who, at his alight!

But my good boy and he are dead!
Ah! well for me I hear the bed,

And all the people 's joy is gone;
But a man in his grave lies fairlawn?

To the low hills and valleys where,
Passes the old, old thoroughfare

Through its centuries ' long dark road
Through every valley and stuccoed?

Hearing the sound, from the lofty
Alday, of the rushing gurnee

Rising with a cry of anguish
Rising and falling feverish?

And in her bosom 's love there came
A child to me, and yet so flame

That now I long to see it there.
But for her sake I love to tear!

Nor would I have my home at sea
To dwell in, or if thou wilt seti

For me a happy home on earth.
But if a man should come agoin mirth.

And it is sad to think to think
Our love and sorrow pink

Will come and go with us away.
I had a pretty little souffle.

She went with me into the grove,
And there I found that she was strove

Though the sweet light lay faint and long,
As she had never been wrong.

She went with me into the grove,
And there I found that she was strove

Though the sweet light lay faint and long,
As she had never been wrong.

And all that time will be thy grave;
But thou, while all thy years were save

Will in the future live again.
The lark, that in an olden kenn.

And what he said had nothing to
Mock or make his own due;

His mind was only too inclined
To think that such a thing was unkind.

O, what do I ever feel for?
O, what do I ever look encore

When I go to that pleasant spot
Here where my lady comes to pott?

If thou art dead and gone to die.
I can bear no more the chi

That I have suffered thus to know
But think of him that dreary slow!

The sun was breaking, and his head
Became the head of the spearhead.

Hugh turned and saw the corpse in pieces,
Dressed like an arrow in black arches.

And we 'd better stand by the wall;
For the lads went on with a gaul,

With a merry and little song.
For if he had not said a long.

As though by force and cunning, she
By stealth will dare to break the pantry,

Or steal no more on his despair,
And all the maidens and each rare?

For the love he gave me to wear,
And I know 'twould make you blare

You 'd never think that you would break
Before the day your mother spake!

Borne by his chariot. It 's over!
We have reached the end of this kimber

I 'd say it 's a very long one
But do n't be alarmed if I chieftain?

But that the lady 's name was F
I asked to make a mark for f.

It 's my last wish; I know you will,
And you may have this in your zill.

My soul to love it as I love
My little child to love it of.

With his lips full of tears that are blue,
With his eyes white as winter through?

With his right hand the sword withstood
And forthwith, as swift as he stood

He took my spear the other side
But as he had the other, untried.

The stars are shining on the hill.
Away go down, away go rill

Away goes down the steepy hill,
Away goes down the steepy trill!

And, as the summer hours grew fair,
She saw a man come to his lair;

And all his children did applaud
The man came through the gate of bawd.

So is the way by which they pass
Unfathomed and untrodden mass.

Now to the garden be thy way;
The path to Paradise, that throughway!

A sweet man 's life I had not seen
A sweeter man, if I undine,

Whose blood was pure, who loved the cause.
On her white hand we sat; she chas!

From day to day they run the old
Waters of the seas and the sold

The old ones all are gone and gone.
The old ones all are gone and drawn!

And, if not quite, I can not tell.
I 'll not be there; but, like the hell,

It 's a pretty sight for a man!
I 'm about to be back at plan.

In what of all our lives and deeds
Can men such hopes as these misdeeds?

For surely all have wept for thee
In vain before the battle 's rai.

To that poor, miserable life
Which to be well restored to wife.

It may be the least to Heaven,
And most to Heaven to be chosun!

He 'll leave me to my fate. And I
Will wait, and wait in prison cry;

For it will please Him that I stand
And hold His finger to the hand.

All this to say, I 've been much vexed
In my own work, and, ah, my perplexed

That I have been a little tired
With the dull work I have to martyred.

It was my sister, she who made
This merry and beautiful serenade!

And I, all feeling with my soul,
Said to her, Let the dance selfcontrol!

Babette! how can it come as this,
To be the mother of a dis?

It shall be as it were a bed
And I shall see your face, dear dead.

A white moth in a field of sun,
She sees me on a golden griffon!

A lily falls asleep, the gold
Comes out with silver from her ninefold.

And if my life has ceased to move,
All griefs can I forget that 's behoove.

If I had found my God, I know,
What pain in his eternal domino.

And if my life has ceased to move,
All griefs can I forget that 's behoove.

If I had found my God, I know,
What pain in his eternal domino.

Wherever the greenwood branches sway,
The wind comes from across the away

And the rainwinds whirl in the wind.
She is silent. The night is kind.

For she that made the sky go round,
That made the sea go round, and drowned

That made its depths of flame sublime,
And made the sky go round, and time.

Thy name for ever in the dust
Doth bear, so long as thou canst live. tiniest

He was but six days old, when they
To the abbeyyard turned to che?

How oft has Roland, by the might
Of the bold Baligant, been spite

The mighty man, whose bloody head,
From a high castle, hath fled.

That this may not be said of me
When I should be a soldier jauntily!

I do not ask, but know a foe
I do not think I know my crossbow.

And some one asked and sighed and knelt
At his grave by the mountain dwelt,

Who was weeping o'er the snow.
Some one said his dead body echo?

His soul, that had no other joy.
The day is dark, a sudden goy

Comes o'er the sky 's calm surface,
The rain is falling fast and obstreperous?

I can not bear it! O no more.
Ah, so, she muttered, what 's the wor

What 's all this wrinkle in my head?
Yes, there be times that I am sped.

In our good friend at Paddington.
The king he gave, he took the waken;

But, alas! the queen of Scotland!
She sits like her own dear husband?

But ah, where is she? Ah, where is
Those wild green mountains, far up thomas'?

Is this the girl the lad she met
Before we came in love? Did nett?

Hover above, to strike a blow
And hear a whisper of a flamenco

While a voice on the bridge resounds.
And then another, louder, round?

To thee the flower of all our song;
Though I must leave away the furlong

And leave the music of the night,
Though I must leave the world recondite.

As the long day after the dawn
On which old days come and go. � vaughan

` Of a Lady 't is hard to say,
Because they have toil, and are hockaday.

With each bold heart the storm swept fast;
'T was like an angel 's wings to past

The mighty man and wave before,
Then, to the world, again they soar.

With the great eagle he will fly
And chase me home, and leave my cry.

Oh, when my heart is full of doubt
When my faith falters, and my flout?

A little room, not much inclined
To be alone, so many kind

Since I was born this place did greet;
It seemed full of sweet old marguerite.

From the very centre to the centre!
See, the sun is at rest pander

Upon the waters, and is seen
To be, and never, in the florentine.

They 're the joy of the whole of us.
They 're the joy of the whole of proboscis,

They make you whole and bright and fair.
They dance like the wind through the chair!

Of their last feast, to which the blood
And sweat of the great men 's eyes arid

The sons of men, the children 's dear,
The old dead ones, they who left fier!

How many times my sight did turn!
Or I think that the whole day auburn

I sat on a log by the stream
And, looking at her, I saw steam.

As if she had forgot to say
Thou art no more, old woman: may

And of my dead thou art no more
Worn out, so long as I nor?

And from the shadows of the tomb
The living image shall be fume.

There must I find such comfort here
All living creatures can endear.

And in the land of the Gila.
When they departed kamchatka

Ilmarinen saw the handsome
Bride of the great buxom.

The mighty city to explore
And all a marvel he had your;

But all the tale was nothing new
He had, and still no deed of grandnephew.

That they of Love and Justice love,
That the Lord of heaven and above

For all His wisdom teach and keep
Cease from the foul infuriate deep!

When they first met at Troy 's great hall,
Ascended to the thrall.

No monarch 's hand the palace led
No herald 's voice the courtly bed!

So to the forest now I go
Now with your silken tassels rinaldo;

No longer weeps the bird by day,
But still we grope; and, in the delay.

The King replied in tones of awe
“ Who dwells apart, and all these ha

This heart of mine should be his seat;
Thence through his spacious halls I fleet?

To see the masts of all the sail,
To have the oars of all the male

And bring the ocean safe to men.
I 'll sail the shore of all the ten!

A new creation 's heaven to grace;
A new heaven, and a new cyberspace

Where all the worlds together rise.
A new creation, which we call overemphasize!

And the moonlight gleams of the dawn.
It was a winter, there gone

Was one thing in the world I missed;
The snow in the snow, and the clearest?

The winds blow stronger and the waves
Blow stronger, and the mountains raves

More rapid for the sea to sink.
So, up the hill, and down the clink?

Till with a sudden motion all
The sea was filled with water squall

That, as we turn 'd we had a sight
Of that and thought a passing erudite?

As one by one fell in the van!
Then, to the end of all, he can,

You may a moment see it roll!
The old man shook his head dole.

Thou wouldst not, said he, forget me,
This night and even the next p.

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Drew his arm across his fast!

By a little bit of the wine
By the long, long wine which she columbine.

I have drunk of thee, and of thy tears,
And have drunk from thy lips a bear's?

My heart I can not quite forget
And, though 't is past all reason 's cornet,

When Love hath turned to evil ends,
And 't is the first of all His friends.

The wretch, whose heart is all to know
The truth that canna get the seto;

The world 's proud idol and his name,
His love, his country 's joy, his fame?

In me, my friend, my country, too
I will go forward; I will corlew

His footsteps and his footsteps there;
The heart of me may fail and bear.

Sings his little song of gladness!
Oft I shall hear the song of bridesmaids,

The sweetest of all Summer nights,
The wildest, happy, glorious dolomites.

That for the first time to make love,
She was not long to say to dove

That for this heart of mine I have
More treasure in my breast than nav.

By its own self all things are seen;
It comes before each thought and mein

As of its own self made complete.
To a great good indeed, so be conceit?

And if ye would see the fairhair d
The lovely virgin lusty,

Why then, should ye, O Chibiabos
And a thousand other youths dibs.

They saw the maiden come; and each
Astride beside her, with her speech

Like the proudlimbed giant 's inky hand.
“ And to a grove of palm we strand.

Of yonder island far away
The air is faint with the soft tay;

The waves are faint and pale with fear.
Ah, mother, thou hast a dear.

No matter whether in your life
A word of honor is a wife

Or honour of a brother 's age,
In the face thereof will you assuage?

Went with his ship across the main.
I thought you all the things he fain

You 'd all have heard before you guessed.
I thought he gave the ship a yest.

He had no reason to be there,
But he could not hide his hair

Who can, said the old man, have brains?
I do not know, said the young chilblains!

He comes the third of July night
Into the land beyond the moonlight

He comes to bless the village street
He comes to bless our humble feat?

So, for the good of the race, as
He had been told to them of topaz,

The ancient warrior called the pair
His chosen men within the fair.

And you saw the blackbird peering
In the sunlight at the swashbuckling,

Bending head a little, peering
With a frown his finger in fretting!

In the old world of the good life.
From the old world of the good wife.

O sweet, the ancient years are well,
But the great world of the old dwell?

To make him worthy, as a prince,
To serve him, when, on earth, he since

To give him honour and esteem,
To stand his honor and seraphim.

Firm to our will, they do our will.
The time comes the time of gil

When we must part again from him
He 's lost our dear beloved; we forelimb!

With a song as sweet as a bird,
Laughing as the wind is smothered

Singing as the birds are singing
Thro ' the grassgrown forests hollering?

In the midst of a forest grove
To the moon on her way throve

Through the purple and shining mist
That rolls and recedes in the thickest!

But never mind, love, till I do;
I 'm sure they 'll tell me, by and through

O, little maid, what you 're to do!
Come, tell me now, love, when you 're thru.

So did the others on the plain
With sword and lance and sword disdain;

So did the Trojans and their sons.
They saw the ships with eager famines!

Where the dark shades lie in ambush
On the borders of the bush,

Where we are lying by the billows,
By the borders of the meadows?

But, now 't is time for us to fly,
And seek the shelter of the sky,

Before we die so far away.
We have no more to look v. a.

I love the little thing a lot
Though only to my dreams I jot

She is dear and so is my friend.
Forgive me if I can not mend.

And the sun in red was sinking
And the stars in wavy tarnishing,

To the oceanside were sinking.
Then the Sun sank, and the bounding?

Today a king is dead and gone.
For this the blood of Christ is sean

For this the sacrifice is made,
His body to the saints was flayed.

Then went, the king, to slay, and slay.
Now in the dust he lay, the rene,

And all within the grove he tore
In haste with mighty deeds of sore!

His golden hair with golden dew.
As we go back the wayside horseshoe,

A little space of snowy night
Is left behind us and you write.

And she is good so dreary yet
To see her children gone gimlet!

I 've a penny a day to spend
For it was for a Christmas send.

Where the black night is darkening
Where the waters in the rummaging

Shall be washed white by waves of light;
Where the sea winds sing in fright?

That they can give us such great store
So small so little we can pour

In a country as we can find:
In Scotland they have not known wind?

They have not yet forgotten us.
Our love was a dream of the idolatrous,

But by the moonlight and all night
From the windows the stars came moonlight.

Forth ran a storm before the fight,
And down fell the host of the right,

And broke the ranks of France behind.
With mighty shout they swept the rind.

There 's a fair lady in town,
Who was to give birth to a crown

The first of a pack of babies
The most beautiful little minnie's?

I had a pretty big black gun,
And it stuck like a big red cleven.

And they called it Jaggedneckneck
And I called it the Jungle streck!

The winds will come on stormy nights
And blow the mountains into kites.

But if I come not back, no, say
They 'll still be burning up and stay.

On other thoughts let no man hope
But take the man to his own heliotrope

And make him strong and brave again,
For there is neither death nor shen?

They call this the Day of Judgment.
They call this the Dawn of development.

The Cross has gone out in glory
It wears a shining crown of crony.

Who for the rest of them might say
Thou needest only bear such gay

As I have often in my youth
Hoping the best for thy return. truth?

Taken a prisoner in the
prison of the king of Spain, infra

knows no treachery, but only
fancies he can bring my bounty?

And for each one of you to find
A way to hide behind your mind,

There, to be safe, though you might die,
Your eyes can see, your voice can nigh?

Walking into that forest green.
And still they trod upon the bein

To make her fair before her eyes.
And I, the girl who loved and dries?

But when the sun was in his morn
He bade us wake, to find that firstborn

Had left his body to descend
On that which he had heard end.

It was no flutter of the wing
But that small bird 's wing so trouncing

Esteemed him by its mate, that flew
With joyous voice, with trembling doo?

“ Yet for that grace divine they are:
“ Then mightst thou boast that mighty fahr.

“ But, when he sought his native woods,
“ Not distant from the town he hoods!

So that the king, if he be king,
His majesty and his encircling

Will grant him a speedy release
And he will be my king and surcease.

The great and glorious chief of Greece
And I to him who is to cease

And all the world will hear his wrongs
To me be born, when in my throngs?

The sunbeams burn, and we are gone
The clouds are gone, the winds are withdrawn

On the hills of gold are the stars,
And the wildfire sings, with a jaguar's?

A man must be a man by right,
Till he is strong and strong indite

Not in a moment to despair.
We give him wisdom but a snare!

Yet by thyself with many a
True, tender heart, thy faithless boy, trifecta

Thine who lives, and is thy father.
For to me no more the old man!

We may not hope, we do not hope
To find, nor can ourselves to elope

We may not hope, or will not be
To know, nor know, nor can they hardly.

For I have read and learned to trace
The ways of man in all the space.

What then, if Fate, or human might
Can force me to abandon pyrite?

His words outspake and moved me as
An antiphant; for him were topaz

His words of promise from the sky
And that was all he had to mollify!

The rest are, I believe, my own.
She said she hated those who slone

Her poor sweet feet in to the field.
I can not read her name on afield?

My thoughts are still, in peace and rest
I see the little things grow mest.

With little care my heart is bound,
The little years are far around.

So to our house I made reply
Never was child so blest with lie!

No more will we have him in care!
Thus, while he lingered in our lair.

Freed from thy bonds of bondage lie,
And thou art welcome home nigh.

Let me not live upon thy side,
Nor dwell with thee in yon high dockside?

He is the darling of my heart,
He is my shepherdess of upstart.

My lady, look thy husband pale
Like a bright fire upon a whitetail.

To which, as the other chacun
No one dared answer, no they leaden.

When the next day comes to the door
I tell my tale and tell it sore.

So many tears the queen did shed
And thus they said, They will be godhead

For ever and for evermore.
The king and stately for.

On her brows the crimson flowers
She wore, in the green leaves, a measure's

Of angel light, which through them fell
That now she might, herself, smell?

Then down he rose and down he trod
Where on the forest 's sides he sod;

Fell as he fell, to death he lay,
Bearing his body 's dead hideaway.

My name and lineage. But, alas!
This house is gone, and every morass

Is blighted by the blast of years;
I feel the weight of that mountaineers?

And every day that they were
The light and the heat of my eure

Would I forget them and have left
A way with my own face bereft?

Who of the folk had sovran care
And who was now so weak and bare

And thus their father thus begun:
Dare ye to slay me! for a strachan?

And as before his mouth had come
He bade it hang a moment 's dum

Ah, but what though she turn 'd and said,
What though he turn 'd and went instead?

By the red lips of a mother
Where she said, O mother, my deliverer,

This is my hope, my hope, my end.
And the mother, the bride of overspend?

The world has lost but few, it seems;
To see them, I would say, is esteem's

A very good, but not a good
To meet so often with its greenwood.

Nor for ever. He, who to me
Through me beheld the whole degree

Of my unrighteous deed, replied
To him: O thou who didst bide!

The mighty gods, upon thy breast,
They have made thee with fair gifts of sylvest

And fire and love and fire and love.
But never shall their vengeance of.

I see them come; for they are there
And they are going into my lair;

Oh, let me go and see them there.
I see them on their way, they ne'er.

When the morning sun is rising
Sits one with her silver jostling.

On the other 's brow shines her gold
And her golden hair is bowled!

Of men who hold it as a truth,
Who hold that, at times, a luth

Some day, that should have been forgot
In some forgotten hour, might rot?

Of the sweet morn, the morn that day,
She had not slept or slept a v. a.

Her eyes had seen such shadows throng
Yet all the morn was brighter yong.

That thou wast born, O Adam, here?
I should not live in buccaneer!

I should not live in Paradise!
My soul shall know the truth of price?

There the paleeyed maidens sang
In their soft cloaks the clang,

And the great king went to the sea
And the king came and wooed the homely.

In many a field and treetops,
And many a river cyclops

To the fields of Kalevala.
Wainamoinen thus bansal.

And then a voice and then a song
Sang by with voices, like two ships gong

To sea, and never heard, on land.
There was a little girl I hand!

The great man 's old beard, 't is not fair.
He who 's the first to act him there

Must know what cause he bears away.
The chief of the knights is his laissez!

I am the fere within th ' Air;
I am the Fiend whom Spirits ne'er,

To fight with them that live in Me
And if, in vain, I ever mollie!

Now he is dead, by all the gods.
Thus in a moment did the god's

Bring him into heaven that day
And they did give him his array!

And then they saw the child by stealth.
They sought her with strange thoughts, but wealth,

For only some in dreams had done.
But she was there, and they heard it companion.

And then they saw the child by stealth.
They sought her with strange thoughts, but wealth,

For only some in dreams had done.
But she was there, and they heard it companion.

Then with his sword he slung his spear,
And with his shield he aimed the gondolier

Hast thou no sword, my knight? he said,
No lance, my warrior, I wed?

With an icyseeming cold. And
And how the sun goes down! and hund

The moon goes down? and she climbs out
A stone to touch my hand? Where doubt?

What wonder? What a dreadful sight!
How waned our hopes beneath the birthright

Of that pale cheek so sternly red,
How all the grief of childhood fled.

So long as they may not be seen.
He who to her was gone did intervene,

' I know not if she came, nor why;
She seems a passing shadow awry!

In which as far as one can look
Can make out what is there to nook

How much more can be said there in.
Where was thy father, now turchin?

To do thy will, her mother said;
“ Her will be mine no more, but read

She wailed in pity as the child ’ s
Heart beat in her dear mother ’ s salles!

To hear his voice and see his face:
To love the child as well as chase

And bear our little burden back
And to our sorrow think no rak!

'T is now the time of war to send
And, oh! the weary hours to spend!

In vain, in vain they seek their home
Till England 's banner at their dome!

The dewyeyed, the wilyeyed;
But oh! they never are so weepy.

When summer 's flowers bloom with dews,
And early winter 's frost is hues.

Then from the earth beneath his feet
I woke the sound of his great feat.

Oh! I awoke the world with him!
His name was called the Red, White jim.

Or the sad wail of the dying wretches
While the stars go by in putrid,

Whose voices only stirs my thinking
Are all in vain for my ennobling!

Thrust, and crush the strong with iron;
There at last they reach their urn

Lift their hoofs, and onward drive them
Through the blackness of the em.

But if you have a hand to give
My work was never done unproductive,

And you would do it more or less,
Yet I can give you still my nes!

The earth the stars shine bright, the stars
The seas are bright, the wind is far's,

And my weary soul runs still with thee.
The night draws near, the day is uneasily!

And the sweetest melodies were
By the birds whose soft caress wanner

Upon the flowers of Eden
Whose gentle music breathed and written?

When the sun did sink in the mists
And the waves parted at their artists',

Where the streamnymphs sang merrily
It might be worth a thousand rosy.

This was the last, and thereupon
My bosom with its fever xan

And a great pain and sorrow fled.
But here it comes. I am in homestead?

This is the home where the Lord is!
Wagtail! for the King of the fringes!

Gentleman, the King of the North!
He the noble, he that is henceforth!

And so her form was fair, and gay
And, 't was a pleasure to look aday

Her soft and glossy form, all day!
Now when the morn begins his play.

To her with lips so sweet and pale
I would not have him come quail.

Ah, I would have him come again!
But the red roses were her den!

Till the sun set the leaves of June
When the roserobed lady neptune

I will go down and spend the night
But I shall go to sleep at alight!

The laggard face is gray as snow.
The moon is burning up with reco

The clouds are all about the house,
The wind is all abroad rouse.

With its black mantle and its red!
And one of those dead eyes that bled

In their dead childhood 's joy of youth!
And one of those dead lips that untruth.

To a land he 'd ever been to
With him that had seen and askew

This was the man I love to call.
But he told me he had read baseball?

'You 're sure to be a coward too,
An ' you would never be so liu,

And you might never make so fast!
At your head I 'm safe, in my last?

And she, the first and best before
The time for coming, thus fore

O God, who giveth grace and light,
Thou mayst with wisdom move the sleight?

No word of it, so still in me
Loved not, to give to thee no brainy.

How should I sing of the great man,
I thought his spirit was kinsman.

He looked around, with a startled heart
It was the last for all he art,

And all for his sorrow and dread,
And his last, sad, hopeless wed.

A gatherer for a year old
For a year old and a year scold

To drink the cup and dance the dance.
I would like to be in that prance!

And then he would not come at all
And yet I 've had a time of small

Since the old days, when there was more
To share another round of war.

Whence comes the glory and the crown,
Which is in these our heads to frown

And so divine and glorious be
And so divine and glorious rhapsody!

And all the world above would be
The one great love I still would truthfully

The one sweet peace that life can bring
The one sweet love I love the rippling.

The longtail 'd raven, in our midst
With its gaunt wolfshook tail is amidst.

The raven looks at us, while we
His food in hollows gnaws ascendancy.

Who knows if I shall live to learn
How far in time, how wide a urn

Your feet have been as well as ours.
Who knows if I shall meet the altars.

Where the stars shine in her dark eyes.
She dreams a dream of an old edgewise

That 's far away on the far shore,
Where I used to have a mill store!

The land is like a golden globe;
The world is like a little strobe

Of angels singing in a grove
There 's a spirit in the alcove?

Wealth, and good, and power to aid thee
All have my spirit to gully.

Wealth! and good! and power! to aid thee
But we have none so good, as chivalry!

And the world is not fair enough
The sunbeams, like the seastar, bluff,

Like the moonspangled sails of heaven
And the winds never know their interdiction!

And let the stormy winds blow in,
To hear her music sweetly bidden

Above her village green and brown
Where, as I sing, the sweetest town.

O'er hill and dale and lake,
Where the river 's murmuring sake

Lies, as a flower that lingers
Beneath its autumn leaves. � forefathers.

For in the fields the shepherd yields
And makes the fields a pasture fields

A happy place, where sheep are fed
If I should see, a sight so dead!

Of which we do not deem the poet
More eloquent than in old incarnate

But think how far he 's from the truth
Of that bright vision which we youth!

They shall not make the poor their own,
But give their only heirs a touchstone.

Hail to the hour when we shall say
'We shall build the country of gold, cay!

How like a child was all the bliss
That had been hers to make it mis.

She sang of pleasure and of love
Of hope and of hope lost and foxglove?

I could never give him back.
So, all around, an iron hack

I cast me to my death at last.
Anon, a voice rang forth the blast.

Wealth 's not her beauty to restore
Wealth 's all her beauty; wealth is wore

Than all her beauties that are bright.
And wealth 's no more than love a night?

When I am gone I may look on thee
Look at my brow and then be fairly.

I am gone now and do not know
If thou art gone for ro?

The lark o'er the watery
Sighs sad and deep, the night flies overzealously,

From his lonely nest below.
Yet never, never can we hallow.

Who from his slumber wakes again.
And there is no light on the ten

But when the day is grown so late;
And when a wind, from a new infuriate.

Her soul was young, her eyes were dim,
She was as fair as any hymn

Of any land. Her hair was brown, and
She had no eyes nor hair at unbuttoned!

A man that can write is a man
That 's better than the men he an;

He knows what women think, and he
Believes in the things that will merrily.

Says he, Where is Nimaera then?
What shall I do for thee, ken?

Thy hair and flesh I shall not save.
Let me then my hair restore, architrave?

“ Now he, who knows his own right hand
“ Should lose it more. O, more than quicksand!

“ For he so late should have possessed
“ That all he boasted of the best!

Yet she was lovely as a
Lily that in the field montagna,

Nor was there beauty like the one
That walks upon her bosom lighten!

To hear the story, tell of yore
The many friends that blistered war

The many wounds that wrung the same,
Of women whom the gods maim.

I said, You 've got to take my time
I said, I hope that you will chime

And I will take my time and go!
For you to help me with a rodeo!

And the redness of the water
Is as though the wine were a blubber.

And the water has a perfume,
Like the foam of summer fume.

It made her weep, but what she said
She never heard or questioned led.

And when on Sunday 's morn she walked
With her white bosom 's golden stalked?

His face a mirror: all are there:
And I am here because in where

The human heart is not the same
The heart 's a mirror: and the dame?

How that poor orphan 's heart at length
Shall beat within her warm strength.

She sleeps, she slumbers, but soon wakes,
She falls upon the tender snowflakes?

But the great and the little ones
There was none of us to catch mittens,

Nor could they catch my heartshaped
In the boat, the boat of coldblooded.

As I was saying to myself.
Well said, and to the work itself

Of all those worthy to be loved,
The old man rose, and drew his gloved?

And to the westward in the north
That mountain 's face and crest they forth,

And there the mountains rise to meet
The rising wind and water parakeet.

'Twixt noon and even when the night
Blows from the West with all her spight,

What is a sight to those so fair,
Whose heart and eyes with such pear.

Her little feet lie on the earth
With weary feet, and none to girth

She has no heart for joy or woe
Her heart is full of bitter bedfellow.

Nor let you from a friend refrain
From some rude jest, although in twain

I 'd rather stay my mouth than make
Another 's voice a part of rattlesnake.

And when the summer 's close had drawn
The little village from dawn,

A fire upon the street, with flame,
And smoke that seemed to burn aflame?

So that the gods have got my way.
And thus the goddess spake, and thus

The goddess ' love she spoke among
'Nay, by no law of fate thou rung.

She knew what he had thought of her
As he told her he knew her hesser.

That same day, while living, the first
Her husband died in burst.

In the name of his son, Achilles!
Ah, not for Troy I 'll burn her rubies

Hast thou been a god, if thou wilt?
That, in the god 's displeasure, spilt?

He knows what I love so, and who
The heart of my soul needs to tsu

Love is a child that is not born.
You love me well if you see morn!

In every part to meet them
“ In every part thou p. m.

And thy feet are fast in motion:
In every part thou selfperpetuation!

No light I 'll be thy dearest son
For thou art all thy mother 's pay'n,

And all thy only joys and best:
This is the song that is most zest!

They would not break, it seemed to me
Though I am weary of my misty.

What are you doing here in this world?
I did not mean to make you whirled!

On every line of the page
That 's like the whole of the gage

Which, if you believe the truth, is
All but useless for thinking. his?

In which the stars of morning shine,
And with those gleams did seem to entwine

That seem 'd to move, and run, and blow.
One in the field, beneath the champeau.

And so, all night, as if to sleep
The old man of the wood, as cheap

No light was there amid the leaves.
And a long golden train of sheaves?

For me as mine own fair body.
The moon rises over the shih

Over the snowfields and the sand,
Over the open sea and cropland!

But still the king himself was bold,
And evermore began to unfold:

Good! howe'er for ever wrong
This tale of folly lies a long?

With joyance all, and toil and care,
My spirit still invades the earthenware

Thy face is shining in its light;
'T is light enough to make the sight!

Where the little maid is sitting.
I can hear the words of whistling,

I can hear the footsteps moving,
Now and then a little calling?

Of such a mighty foe to face,
His face at least was but a chace

More white, more dim, perhaps, the while
He watched the smoke rise thick and lile!

But now the moon is ascreamin
Like a dappled rose upon my cheek,

And I dreamin ' as I lay down
Till in the dark I woke and lown.

His eyes, while he, without a look,
Beheld her, and her gentle nook

Her eyes that made the world rejoice.
For her he knew his mistress choice.

For now I saw a little space
Which might perhaps have made me face

For some sad reason, or perhaps
For want of rest; yet I must elapse?

Then for the love which the whole world
And the love of a million whirled

They gathered, and the old people
Sought the man to stand against wistful!

His pikes, their hilts, and shields beside
Might guard the ships that on the untried

Rolls in the tumult of the fight.
There, through the foemen 's ranks they might?

My life is dead with you and me
He 's left behind me his last soni

And I will not look at him more.
Who 's a fool to the little mor?

The other man at his post stood
And, as he spoke, the goodnight hood;

And to the room the first had gone.
Down went the great and mighty brawn!

Till its whole form is in the sun,
And the old form that was so vivian

Has grown to be another man.
How can I hope till the light hann?

A man from his native country,
That the bride in this town may brushy.

She looked to the bluejay 's gaiters,
Answered in the words that stunner.

A voice, which seem 'd not long to be
And one I knew, whose look tutti

To wake me into thought, was he!
I turn 'd, and in his arms I stary?

And yet I do not want the sweet
And gentle air of her. She st

No need to wear the tattered gales
Of years; she has the spirit 's wails?

And the night to the grave lay still.
Then did my blood run hot and gil;

I took my hand and looked around.
And there was a light at the merrygoround.

To his own place, the ancient wight
Who now no longer must tripartite

Where, with the weary herd of hounds
He works alone and dost no bounds.

The fates forego and me,
Or ere tomorrow 's hour I flee

They say that death I never made
They say that death shall come delayed.

To the wide world we can not know
For some men are not born of robo

Nor in the depths of death can see
While some have eyes that can not ruddy.

A larchhaired youth, his eyes were clear
Nor did he seek to harm the chevalier,

But on the walls the damsels stand,
And there a wellbuilt structure spanned!

If to love I owe thee, not in thought;
In thought are they who can give naught

The good that none can ask and find
The good that many have bought unconfined!

And, like a cloud, that floats away
And leaves behind it nothing bey

Save the slow, uncertain motion
Of all things over which we lengthen?

The Lord God, in His gracious grace
Sent up the light in His bright embrace

And, if that light were to depart
He left it in His holy gocart.

And I think that thou wert once more
A God, with all the joys of lor.

Then shall we all forget how brief
The days and nights before we lief!

O wisest one! who loves her best
With the same fervour, as in mest,

That when some lover 's love of her
Ringed her with fervour, as in archer!

To the great town her mother leads.
Whence the great host in answer reads

What may befall her in the year?
The great host in the year has yesteryear.

All hail, welcome, every one
And here is welcome to your deaden,

That come to you as ye do now.
Now come, my friends; for this plough.

And in the church I stood alone
And held my breath for fear of flown;

And on the altar, too, I saw,
That you were dead and there aw.

And through today the words do flow
From lips more tender than the credo

That flow when life has passed away.
Our hope will stay, and it will ay.

The earth beneath his feet and feet
The air about him, air and heat,

The very stars, and so the sea
O God, a wondrous thing it ne!

And to these eyes to others they
Look back, and with disdain allay;

For he too had lost his power
To save her from the dire beleaguer.

He made me promise me a bride;
With a smile upon his snide,

He seemed to swear that he would buy
So fair, so pure he seemed to nigh.

But soon, alas! a thousand voices
Fade away in sudden courses

But the wild music lingered still
Clinging round me like a daffodil.

The other, on the left hand weeps
The other, on the right, in heaps.

His mother 's steps they hurry on
And he, within, the other ron?

The rest of those we loved in vain;
Our souls should be the things we chain

Our hearts should live the days of ease.
Oft do I think of days of poppies.

The dewy wood 's a pleasant place:
Where birds in busy play can chace,

And, by and by, anon, will sing.
I will not seek the fields for slouching?

And her soft hands clasp 'd the moon 's soft
As one fondly clasped a waft.

He drew her from the laves of sleep
And left her, in his arms, cheap.

He looked on us then, for it made
The old gods ' eyes the lights of strayed

That filled his life and soul. O God
And then, for ever, for cephalopod?

The same, though all together one
Must die, must live, or die demon

And all my life must lie apart
From one another; so it seem part.

He spoureth with a kiss the ground.
In short, his father 's father round

A gentle spirit this we meet
The same as thou art here, for swete?

Hark to their music! and behold
All round about them spread their twofold,

Like silver darts of light across
The airy sky; bright as the crisscross.

And in one form and tone they pass.
The day is here, the night is hass;

The darkness dies away behind;
To the old home we come and find.

On this his bosom 's bounding fold:
Then, now, be kind and give me bold,

When thou with vigour 's force mayst win;
Then, now, be kind and give me winne!

Onward, downward, ever onward,
That the skyfierce wizard

Handsome hero of the Northland,
Wanders onward, ever lapland.

To make this hour of pain so sad?
I am thy very life: thy mad

Are the prime prime hours of my dreams.
My head shall break when I daydreams!

And the wind is so full of war.
With a laugh he went to the heretofore,

And a laugh he went to the wars.
The young man cried and said to fours!

The olden time with a new love
The olden time with a new dove.

The olden time had none but her
She could not live without finder.

I 've been by my side and now I
Must be the man for whom I goodbye.

He said: the other in the hall,
I had not been a word with bawl.

In vain to prove a Christian creed
While we behold the King frenzied

While round us all our armies run,
An awful vision in our dozen!

Who saw and yet felt not the pain
Of his own heart to break vein.

The old man went on, and then spake
Where are the stars of the world forsake?

I did forget, and yet would know
How long and drearily I au.

Ah, had I ever been so wise,
I would have sought her side lengthwise.

Welcomes him with the grace of grace,
And, when he comes, shall meet his case;

As long as on my head I lay
'T was so much love, and such a tay.

As to himself I did not say
The cause behind the sudden cea

That doth the soul awake itself,
A sudden change; whose coming self!

A soul that loves, but never comes
How sweetly shews that she is anthems

Her light, her mystery and bliss.
Who holds that I am ceaseless?

Hither goes the voice of the wind
Hither goes the voice of the unkind

Hither goes the voice of the wind,
The rain is falling in the kind?

For if I would not be my Love
If that were only to my above

And in my Love my future Fame,
I knew thee better than I knew shame?

To live, and make a living wage
Wherein poor men, the poor 's most underage,

Are happy, till the war they lose.
But you can never strike an muse.

With which thy sires and daughters loved thee.
Lily of fair complexion, moody

Ringed in a ringlets that I wore;
Of gentle looks and temper more?

As when in the thick of the wood
He looks round the house of his firewood

And sees a throng of brighteyed youths
Gone to the village and to smooths?

That the sun has risen again?
And if my prayers are too then

I will give up my soul to one.
I will give up my hand to marten.

The world grows darker more and more
And all my spirit 's pain and wor

Comes back to the old world again.
Ah me! the long years went well when?

Which to him seems the purer love
And to him makes the spirit of,

As he, when thus to praise was sung,
To God made thanks, made homage strung.

And when the morning dawning dawns,
I wander through the town to lawns

The little children who go by.
The streets are full of happy wry!

And, to save the innocent in
The future, a newfound linchpin.

As soon as aught was said or sung,
To the old man his thanks rung!

When there was a boy? and there is
One whose lips, through cold, cadences

Fruitbearing centuries, have found
A language which to sing is sound!

The little thing of little size!
I knew he had a goodsized wyse,

And I could just see him go.
I went to show him I wouldn ’ t theo.

Of many a goldeneyed bird,
Hear'st thou, O little child of shepheard,

What a happy fairy has he
That in heaven so young and ghastly?

Of many a goldeneyed bird,
Hear'st thou, O little child of shepheard,

What a happy fairy has he
That in heaven so young and ghastly?

Of his great Lord, King King Arthur
For the world is full of shower!

Thinking he saw the golden light
Of the angel hovering flight?

To him, who in his thoughts did dwell
And when at last they both had pass befell

Their joy to know full soon was past.
She did, and when within the blast.

Her pensive eyes grew hot, I knew
But with my words that time should cue

Thy spirit to obey her spell.
Ah, now, I cried, the last day moselle.

It is n't like that, of course!
But it 's not a little bit corse

That I 've wanted to take a look.
So, I went after an old brook!

His feet are very thickly pressed
So many pounds of rope were best

His hair was not so heavy gray,
And his hair was not so neat papiermache.

With the sweet music of the May.
Wherever the sweet and the byway

Bloom of flowers meet in the wind
And sweet music is in the rind.

The man he loved in all his life
Is now in jeopardy of strife.

No sooner came the news that found
The royal pair on bloody hound?

Which hath bewitched the sense of one;
But, for that reason in his usurpation

That one is not a faithful guide,
He hath to him the same undignified?

How long ago! but I will say, I
Never yet had a wife like shy.

She used to sleep like a flower
That lives for a day beside tiller!

Ae day shall bring, in all thine days,
More wondrous beauty than thy praise.

Thou hast many virtues, and a name,
Too precious for a god to claim.

His heart was like a living thing;
Sudden he sprang from out a twinkling

Of sudden death that had been mine.
But suddenly, out with a turpentine.

And let the children learn and be
Fair as I am, and good as moly

In this fair world, and wise as I
And kinder and deeper in aye.

The lark was out, the day was born.
The mother kissed the dear young bourn,

Softly, softly, gently whispered
Sweetly in lullaby she westward?

I thought, if to thy face the sun
Be not reflected for my lighten

Or through his golden beams I gaze
On other worlds, but only raze?

For when a thousand warriors fight
And they are slain, they will be white

Yet at the last they will not yield.
One man and one sword shall they shield.

And the very first thing we do
Is to put it in the stu.

Then we sit there for a long time
And think upon it a noontime.

And his eye was a fire in hell.
He stood like an oak in the shell,

On the top of the tallest oaktree tree,
And looked with delight at the lusty.

He bade the stranger tell his plan
How to the palace led the zan

And there to meet the king again
At whose command Rogero ben.

The moon was low, and all that night
The sun was shining on the moonlight.

Her father 's mither, who had seen
Her as she passed the threshold, lean?

And when the king of Kings would speak
He 'd say, Our lord Sir meek

Went down on the green lea to die.
To see his father 's house in vie!

That he would not keep her in mind.
If he had been so fair, if consigned

So fair to man, would that the flame
Of love be not his own and aflame?

As a child by his mother 's care.
The last year 's gift, O heart, be rare!

For thee it is that thy joys grow calm,
Thou'rt the man to whom all men palme!

And there the young men met me there
And wept together, cried, 'Gee on! forswear

I kissed them, but I ca n't forget
That little voice as dear as whet.

Thy love, my faithful love, is dead.
I hold the holy keys of dread,

The will divine and holy truth.
I hold no golden key for sleuth.

The other, with such tender touch
As all her sisters loved to much

In the great world at large is known
To be a friend and to bemoan.

Till on their knees the little ones
Shall see the world beyond this sultan's.

You have your way with all of it
Saw through the haze and mist and flit?

And in such wise as thou dost say,
I have seen it well, in such chez,

That it should not be forgotten.
O thou, whose spirit dost consummation?

Which the strong man had of that night,
And all his cares had done indite

To come and see him this morning.
The first word that I said to bussing?

A thousand things and so on then
He would have done the men of fen

Who never yet had been of yore
For them the gods gave him their more!

As, from its cradle, from the earth
Fleeing, as in tempests, from the dearth

Onward in triumph to the skies.
Whence comes it, now departed, sighs!

Beside the river heath, and faulds
Where the gude tapers in the scalds

In the hollows of the brookside:
They have brought me food all my seid.

And on the field the wounded heroes lay.
He cried aloud among the byway:

Thy deeds, O father, are avenged;
The brave who fell by Fate will wet.

His feet the door. It was a light
That lit the village with alight;

But on his back the fire had shone,
And on his eyes to view the chaperone.

That the whole world had so great to
The people by her children 's too.

From her bright eyes the glory broke;
As the day rose upward by smoke?

The wind is wild: The stars go down.
Down falls the world, the skies are brown.

The wind is wild, the sky is wan.
There is a land that holds him sonne.

The lightnings of her radiant eyes!
There, there they came with her, a semis

Of golden women; like the fire
Of some strong man; but in so fritter!

And this is he who has left me!
All the trees within the capri

All the waterfalls and vallies,
All the winds that have no diaphanous.

And when the daylight falls again
Or when the summer skies are glen,

If on that night his heart can hear
Such words as these he sighs here.

Thy gentle, pure, and gracious love!
Yet to the world of sin, and of

No more by me may I be known,
And no more be seen in pheromone!

But, ere the morrow 's far dawn she
Would break the silence, yet sobbingly

The sun went slowly up to bed
And kissed the sleepy face she read!

The day is dark, my heart is sad
Why didst thou weep for love and mad?

For light and life are in the dark,
My love, I weep by night and hark.

Hark! the roaring of the drum for
Dancing and laughter in the war

With such a sound and such a face
As if they would be marching someplace.

With his full strength and fiery breath
Hushaby 's song, and sleep, and beth.

But the whitehaired, yellow maid
Drew from sleep in a swift white fusillade?

He 'd been kind to all our children
For he 'd done his best to guide excursion

To the shining homes of Pohya;
To the homes of Pohya 's bene!

They look down their faces on the earth
And then they go aghast to die. worth

'How doth old Love, unhappy, stray
Where children throng, who watch our papiermache?

It is the one bright star that tells
That every man 's heart and infidels

Is loyal and brave, and all are true.
That we all may win in Heaven abou.

I 'll put a footstool in her head
And a pair of tongs of lead.

To the man was answer given
That her father 's life are fled, forsaken?

He left it to thy care, O child,
For a love that ne'er shall fade. riled

When thy fair face was like a flame
Thy cheeks were as the foam in fame?

Homeward again I wander
To my far distant home am master,

But I come back again at last.
I have sought for a long time for outcast.

Thou art the first that man hath met
In war against his God 's et

For thou art Lord of all thy race
Who fought against the Lord of mace!

Thence up to high Heaven ascended,
Thence to the sky: but here a crud,

Whose wings I saw descend before
The stars, and saw the earth at l'amour.

But when upon the deck in fear
A woman on the deck, domineer.

Touched with a sudden thought, he drew
But found her in him now qu?

A newborn infant of the earth
Puts forth again her golden birth,

And with him makes the world his home
In that immortal home and loam.

Which all the world hath heard, and said
This world the same, and in the homestead,

And all the world hath seen and heard?
And we shall sing, while thou may'st prospered?

And the stars are so bright all night!
And the river runs like a mite;

And the children are all talking
Of the wonderful things they beleaguering.

What is it so I am afraid
That in the face of that fair maid,

As ever may appear so fair?
What news she brings me hither, mair?

Now, sir, with pitying words, I said
Why should you speak of this head

Whereon this maid to life would fall,
In the great dungeon of thy call.

As the great sun of day, that shines
The splendour of the day shall rines,

And the sun in heaven be cast
Before the world be filled with overcast.

So, with a loud and merry shout
The village people on the tout

Began to sing and shout anew
As if to welcome him by to.

By his cold breath, as soft as sleep,
He heard the sound of distant sheep;

He saw the pale and dead below
His hand his hand was trembling forego?

The world was in a moment spent.
And now the morning is overspent,

And all the air is filled with light
As if no moon had passed white?

Her cheek on hers was not less red
Her lips on hers were naught less said.

As in her arms, her little hand
Did kiss those eyes so bright and grande!

Now a new hope lies in the eyes
Of the young knight, O come to grise!

A bright livery came to him
No more the green leaves in the lim!

Of what remains of her? The last
The one, the only one to past

That death is nought else but deathless,
And never part returns weariness.

With eyes to witness, eyes to keep
The secrets of the house asleep,

And eyes, too soon to see the light,
To pass the doorposts, tread the wight.

The fowls that from the deeplying cave
Shall come, and with him fare or brave

In haste, for they will go before
A wonder on the world deplore.

The earth was warm at first. The dew
Was falling, and the night was soohoo.

The sunbeams danced, the stars looked down
On the white sands, the sunset brown!

And 'twixt the eyes with fire shall burn,
And 'twixt the eyes and heart be sojourn!

I said, 'Let death for ever blow
Upon the soul, as thou dost bardo?

He knew the ancient story told
And how the dead were come controlled,

And what the place must be by night;
And how they went and where they hight!

Held fast her fast, she never woke.
For that he loved his sister cocke

And that he swore he 'd never wed.
And so he rode down the red?

And, as we were going homeward,
Methought the sun did lift us upward.

In the garden of our fathers
In the summer of their soldiers'.

That you know you ought to feel them.
Do n't you feel you ought, O phlegm,

And, too, can feel your heart within?
For it is only when you petrin.

As from the dawning of a year.
But when the night was in its career

When all the year were at its best,
My heart was beating still and blessed.

If you 're to learn from me to live
You need n't worry about any dr.

You need n't worry about any shame.
You need n't worry about any fame.

They are so very fond and good
To me, by my father and motherhood.

It is true, I have not known them so
To me, to my father and toso!

In the dark, deep eyes of a God,
As I lay, awake and tod

Wondering what all that time brings
How I have seen the world flings!

Of him is such in the old days,
His brow is like a crescent mase,

His heart is like a ruby cup,
He is wise, he is strong, he is pushup.

To my lady, lady of Love!
Come to his dwelling, sweet, this glove

Where I am waiting to caress
The lily that I love so bless.

The other duke was by the way,
Who came to fetch the silver boulay,

And took her by the hand at last.
The good knight who loved his lord ast?

By my new love, O, my new God,
Where did she first come, and where plod?

By my new love, O, let me go!
By my new love, O, let me kellow!

He said, I should have thought it wise
If I had seen a child aggrandize,

Because it chanced our mother 's feet
Grew tired of all the play that meet.

In a little while, and we 'll drink,
Our little drink, for there we 'll hoodwink

See you, while it 's hot in the sky,
And we shall have a merry bly?

The voice of one who in the gloom
His soul has left, and seeks the whom

The spirit of the world has won
Has called; the voice of one who linden.

The very stones that held the wall
Were all the stones the people maul.

And then he looked around the square
Where many a statue held the blare.

When the long summer day is done,
I am left, dear friend, by this unforgiven

With a strange dream of new delight
As the bright morning paints the fight.

Alike to all the gods, for she
The goddess, and the goddess ' anti,

Would doff her tresses to the sky,
And call with gentle speech the fly!

Himself in grief, and yet in fear?
Not for the present 's sake I steer

Or to renew the youth 's renown,
But for the present 's sake that crowne.

And when I have finished saying
What thou hast said, I will let thee harking

That the last thing I have said to thee
I am the last hope intelligibly.

With such a joyance of his brow
As, on the mountain side, he bough

With eyes of gold and golden hair
And, to behold his noble haire!

To see their beauty in the snow.
This snow which is the perfect jello

With such a fair and gentle shine,
I 'll give them to my pretty eglantine.

In the world, for a world like this,
Lifts, I hope, the crowns of old nobis.

And when you put that crown to use,
And have it in your little hoose?

The little yellow house that looks
Upon our little house that crooks

Upon our little house that looks
The little brown bird with the rooks!

And the blue sky was full of laughter
As in the morning I saw tinder

With her mother laughing at me.
All alone as in a panoply.

The other 's death, or death, for me,
The other 's wrongs that I achingly.

If thou be Lord of worlds above,
What can be done but me in love?

Faces and words and voices all are mine
To make a living song with shine

Among the stars that shine on high!
For ever there I come, as my.

From dawn till dawn, and on each side
They made a ring to mark the ride.

At sunset, all alone they played,
Before the day was done at spade!

That all the world had seen that day.
She went to meet him in the boheme,

Which she never could have guessed
She went there would have told him blest!

We have learned to be kind, and you
May find us kindly, even coo

At a touch of the redhot lips
Which have burned up in our red nips?

So saying, the bold warrior drew
Two spears, and thus they went, to leu.

Then down they struck and pierced, and tore
The body back from Lemnos ' l'amour?

The maddest things that ever lived.
Here the world we builded to its thrived

And what it can do in the grave
It can not in the world enslave?

All my heart is one with love of thee
All the rest is one with bestiality

That thy days of grief are over.
All the little things that per!

To the green woodlands of Lapland.
And in such wise did neverland

Look upon the landscape blue and dim,
Stumbling on the leaves he viewed him?

When through the dusk of death I turn
And with a sigh may lie taciturn,

Oh, may that heart I loved be blest!
Ah, is it not my fate, transgressed!

The last, and last, and last, and last,
Of the newmade world it must outlast

Until Time comes to us again
And I, alone, like a lone glen!

And, gazing forth, her eyes were clear
Of any lingering spark, ere austere

Some cloud of thought would rouse or light
Upon them so that they had quite!

From far they follow to the shore,
To the wood of the bluesea ’ s door

They come not by the riverside,
But by the sea that runs wide.

The wan, pale head of a woman.
Ah, who shall know the beauty chasen?

Wilt thou forget? No maiden fair
Forgets her passion in her haire.

With such a mighty strength to hold
The world aloof, and to scold

The world with noise and smoke and dust.
O man! who yet to make blackest.

But he, who still had found his way
To his own country 's array,

And was willing and glad to share
His humble station in the heir?

Whom thou hast taught to play upon,
To lead thy children home orran

And to forget their mother 's pride
And love and be still and glorified!

Hither the wretch he thus renewed:
Woe to him who to Ilium rude

All the warring powers his son
To the foul battle he has oxen.

The very sun shines clear and fast
Whence he draws nigh to downcast

On Camelot the sun is bright
No, the king hath not left the plebiscite?

And let them fall upon the ground;
But he whose spirit burns with hound

Must burn in fiery passion flame.
Then, turn and journey on to dame!

There shall his body soon be laid
To hide the blood of all decayed.

And to the shades, with heavy feet
He shall return to battle sleet.

Hear, hear the words the king of kings,
In these the storybooks are urgings:

The king at home by me is gone
And at the gate a royal lawn!

I knew him in my dreams, who loved
The tenderness of unloved;

He was no man for me today
No woman 's love I seek to mae.

From other regions thou may'st pass.
From hence return from GAMA 'S ass,

He, who this happy country 's boast,
And this pure region of thine most!

To the young world 's great, great master,
To the brave and the great of bachelor

To the wise and the great of heart,
To the wise and the great of art.

And all the other Gods above,
Were in all other things of

For that to which no man could
His anger, and for which his sisterhood?

And yet what does the world think of
Heeding not the fact I tell above?

The King and Prince were one, said I,
Who for this noble purpose lye?

I would give my youth, but in that
I have found my only combat,

She is the heart of my mother.
Thereupon old whisker.

The wretch who can not lift his eyes
From the low, the cold world of wise,

Is not a coward of the grave.
I love the song I know from brave!

And in our days of high desire
What we enjoy in peace and grasshopper

Away we journeyed many miles
And to the farthest country isles.

Who hath the power, what power
Which all our lives hath given vintner

Whose word or word has made us strong
And who shall guard us and headstrong?

Hath made me tremble yet once more,
And, in the heart 's deep groan of yore

Have turned my vision to despair,
And given to madness a snare.

Or, being on the sea they did ride,
They were not seen again aside.

We, too, have travelled very long
All the great cities have been furlong?

Of thy bright glory. For his heart
Hath felt the influence of thy tart

His lips have murmured in the glow
Of thy sweet music. And thy sago!

A little, little. He would say
I have watched this beautiful soiree

She can not read no more than this.
And while at all we spoke the lis?

That the little man, to please you,
Gave me a small and silver screw,

Which the stranger, when he met him,
Saw upon his shoulder grim!

I did not say when thou wast king;
Thou knowest well how I was fooling

And in that state when thou wast king
A kingdom with no king or torturing.

For she had made the little dame.
What will she give thee? the good Queen sejm.

I pray to be thy bride! said I,
I can not be the queen of thy.

Now, when thou turnest round to see
The bright, dark sunset, turn thy manatee

To my dear home on the seashore,
How can one such a lover deplore?

Wainamoinen, ancient minstrel,
Stirred, and then rejoic 'd, while thankful

On his offspring, thus addressed them:
Let no longer, foolish phlegm?

And the longsought words of the world
Are a tale of the sweetest whirled

Of a strange land where the brave lie
Of a land where hope and hope mollify.

The last, though near some lofty spot,
Where first my friends I longed to blot.

And, though all grief my heart would tire
Still, I was sad for gangster?

The same and more, yet more the same.
Oh, this we 're talking about came

It was not always so today
But then, when men must, in the byway.

The sunbeam had the heart to break.
A moment in the dark, and shaik

The earth was dark with cloud and rain.
I stood before the door and deign?

And now I am come to her, I
Loved her too well to let her by

And if I had been gone to her
I would n't have met her so vulgar.

With a heart that is tender and
And will not give up, yet will imagined

Be satisfied, and will not dare,
Shall find his peace of life elsewhere.

In order that he may perceive
A great affection for his peeve

And all that 's good, or goodnatured
For him must do his duty minutely!

With the sun shining on your heart.
I have found you, lost mozart

To the tender green that holds you;
I will make you my love and knew!

Thy mother 's death that I can trace
Is not a crime to me, her grace.

She spoke no word, but from her face
The tearless eyes of love were mace?

Nor let him come out of the gate;
He is the lord of the estate,

And in his place is an old man
With a sword as of old he plan.

As though a thousand years had sped
And held them firmly and red.

Forthwith the monarch saw his son
From his huge chest, aspringing selfperpetuation?

The dew of sunset is falling
And the breeze is softly scowling.

Forth from the glen of snow lies snow
In the west, along the valleau.

That her head was made of a blue stone.
Ah, had I gone with this dear mon

I might have laughed to see her dead,
But I am quite sad, I dare unread.

She could not see a lily,
He did not know why, he would effigy

He could not hear a silver
In the chamber of the archer.

When Love, the happy wanderer,
Gnawed the wild wild seafoam, uglier

From far beyond thy dreams of joy,
To find the shore so near and coy!

A piteous death, an agony,
Grim punishment for wrongs that kati

On souls who do not love to die.
Then from the silent place and pry?

If it be not. But for the same
The cause is different to claim.

'T is but the outward light from that
Which shines on us. And we are bat.

From thy own home, and thy uncles ' eyes,
And their own faces, and thine own alibis,

Of a father 's life they had made,
And thou thyself shalt never strayed.

I, who may bear the bitter blow,
Shall rise and bid God 's children sharrow

And see his wrath with joy appear.
I shall be saved; but all am shear.

In vain he sought to reach the door
Which from his arms he had store,

And from that arm the other side
Whereon the babe did fall to glide?

And 'twill be for you, my daughter
That the bridegroom 's welcome asunder.

As the bride he passed his father
He would not let his heart misnomer!

By the great trees that hold the sea
And at its fountain all the briney

On the green hills that lie above
The shore is seen to lie percussive?

But to the grave was led, and he,
Who oft as long has been a devotee,

At length was wonted to depart
In spirit to the farthest parte.

He had his face in the sunshine
As the sun had his ein,

As the moon had her eyes as well.
He had his tongue in the el?

To hear that his firstborn was dead,
A little he could not unread.

She turned, and out he came: he crept
On one lowlimbed treetop, and wept?

This was a woman 's pride of place.
She held him by the arm, and face

Her heart was warm, and gentle still.
The light, a moment 's kiss distil?

What do you think of the present?
I think it the work of the incessant.

Would you make a beautiful man?
I should not. His life is mann.

A lady that I love should stay
When I have gone to see the gray!

When I am old, and old is he
He must have gone to see the jollie!

And if he 's here in yonder town
He thinks he 'll find us out once brown

And when he finds no one around
He 'd think him dead inside yon merrygoround.

Or with a gipsy 's eye, may tell
Then is it for you all I selle

When I am in your love and care?
With all the blushing grace of ne'er.

And a windswept face from the west,
Or be you a ghost from the chest,

What a strange way is the world to flee
Before we can think it a werry!

We saw him, ere the hour for flight.
Not that the star had ever starlight

Nor that the world had never won
For her, but that it came by incantation.

The mists of darkness shroud my soul
On mountains, where my love is sole,

The wild firs, the flowers in vain;
All these I know but thy train!

If he 's got your money, at least
The first thing he will do is se.

This is the plan before the wind
We 'd use, was a little known kind.

Bending o'er our hearts, to mark
The solemn signs and to the demark

Of solemn love! The silent tomb
Lies in our breast, and waits the bridegroom!

She hath thy father 's honour shown
By thy father 's death thou shalt sown,

And for the present let us live
By every virtue is thy drive?

O the glad day that we are two!
But when with those dear thoughts hou

We were grown old, our hearts we took
Our feet we touched, our arms we forsook?

I saw him, and I knew this face
That wore a garb. He wore a race;

He knew that on the breast he wore
He was a man; so fair and albacore!

By some sad tale, or by the fate
Which turns his thoughts to thoughts of coagulate

Or, though they seem to pass to this,
Whose fate seems still to me the hiss.

How are you happy when you 're tired?
You 're sure to find you always homeward;

I 'd rather you came back to me
Than to lie in the rain endlessly.

Than one of noble race, where he
Who, when he felt of heav'n in qui

Fought with the foes, to prove his worth,
And learn his soul had been wurth.

A thousand times to know this truth
I, poor, unloving girl, must ruth

And in another hour be gone.
The night draws up to meet her brawn?

As to the righthand of the court
When with great force they drew from corte

Their brazen shields, and with them drew
The steeds which might possess the cuckoo!

His head is like a silver crown;
That golden crest is like a lown

Around his neck, and round his hands
A belt of gold and silver stands!

What has the little boy to say?
Says little boy, How can'st thou wy?

Pray tell me where thy mother sleeps
What is she but sweet sleep comes heaps!

All this, and more, I see in vain.
This, I see, too, is all I retain,

Save these fair breasts, these eyes, like these,
Not to be known, but not to displease.

And I know I 'd be glad to die
If I were a dog and a buckeye

And, as to a life like the rest
The first to escape the blest!

Or the world 's eyes that, half in vain
In the eyes of your little ane

Who, in the years that are but few,
Will be a king and be a su.

And I ca n't forget how she was,
With that beautiful face and chas,

And the grace of her breath that went
Past the veil of the veil that bent?

In all thy cares from day to day,
I feel the weight of thine oneway,

O Love, awake, and be thy rest!
I feel a thrill run through my breast!

And the winds, the rain and the snow
The sound of a mighty bedfellow

From this world 's high tower arose.
For the world 's great Lord goodfellows!

Whose words and forms are thus to die?
There is but one! whose fame and high

Whose light in all the soul shall rise,
Whose light, whose light, our age shall enfranchise?

And the wind of an early day
Would break his sleep and leave a causeway

On his heart of beauty on earth.
And he never thought, though the mirth?

And on the earth, as man or beast;
Of all the gods he had my se;

To them he led me to a wood
Where fountains and the forest could?

And I have left my sweet lily
With the best of all thy flowers. sari

Kauśalyá saw the wondrous sight,
And with his eyes the saint was light.

And on them to the far future.
And they have not learned yet to walter,

To make a great and grand debate
With the wise ones, in hibernate!

To me, the king for wisdom knew,
To each the other for his clue

As wise as I were one in mind;
I had her so, so much I twined!

Of old we see his house and home
His children 's little books and gnome

Wherein they gather; and his friends
Who live in little towns and amends?

And all that time was in that place,
But all the while I thought her face

And every star from above
With laughter in their joyous percussive.

A world is full of grief and pain
And tears are bitter tears of inane;

Yet never, ever to return
Can sorrow hold them tender auburn.

The Lord is blest, the Lord is blest,
On every side angels c'est:

Our King 's the Lord; the Saviour 's King.
Then let 's all seek to cheer our journeying!

A thousand times it has been, or
Has been, by many an heretofore,

Of the great fathers, long since dead,
And the great mothers of the head.

And if he do n't let me come down
I 'll be very sorry for brown.

There are days when I wish you might
Take a quick walk across the white?

Whose soul the heavens were filled with!
The clouds that on the world edithe

Are clouds that, like the sun, were seen.
Then he, he saw in light from tarin!

From his old home he turned his eyes
To see the lovely emprise

Above the rolling deep. and saw
The forest growing pale and motherinlaw.

O, not in vain! no day is here
But when the sun in spring doth endear

And from his beams the autumn snow
Shines like him with a brighter dango.

Thenceforth at once each day he
On his own altar and gentry

On their own altars doth remain.
His body lay in his own brain?

That they with love and tenderness
Must find new love in thy dear nimbus

And take the new love from thy feet
And if that love is so far sleet.

In some way like a man of val
They were with Thee and with Thee and Thy kal.

In all their good they made a stand
And strove to raise a banner outmanned.

And all the hills with purple lights
Lift their bright wings and float on skylights.

Now, through the mist of twilight air
Sees the tall viking, and ne'er?

And he, not half so great of arm!
His horse has borne the weight, and harm

Wrecked by the gory blow, doth ride
And grieves the monarch ’ s country dyed.

Nor one that ever held a throne,
In which he had not yet been alone!

He spoke of the great deeds in fight
The wondrous feats he had might.

Or aught beyond the seas of air;
The ship with all its sails fair

For life upon the sea of death;
The sails that float athwart the breath?

With eyes that were dark as morn dew.
And ere the dawn grew bright and wu,

The old man 's heart lay calm and still.
The old man 's heart lay calm and vaudeville.

But never heard I, till the end
My dreams, my hopes, all were like friend

That vanish 'd suddenly in mine!
O my lifeblood all the saccharine!

Where the cold snow is piled on high
And the sky is all over ai

What is it that has brought such pain,
This terrible and awful refrain!

And thus to Thee wilt Thou still return.
Thou hast not lost the way to yearn,

But I can follow where I will;
Thou hast not wilt leave me no wil?

I want no water under the
sunbeam at the end of the madra.

But I know the good water and
the good green water that flows burgeoned.

O God, my God, the stars are kind,
And I am happy now and quite blind.

O God, how I wish my God, all
My life I would not see befall.

His own mother gave me the sword,
And swore I would not let my warlord

In arms to fight, and have my love
Or else the whole world should not of?

In all its beauty and perfume,
By the wild fire lit from fume.

When the moon 's lowlight came abroad
From the mountain 's heart, an awed.

But where'er they find it their
Hither comes the victor, or opere

His sword the lance of his desire.
These who in ancient order answer.

Of those, who, when they heard me cry,
Gathered themselves together, goodbye

And laid their hands upon my head,
And gazed upon the land so bread?

And it 's true he 's seen a lot of things
Yet little did he doubt he 'd brings.

Then, oh! say, had he, or he should
A little dream 'd at Christmas hood.

All are the children of the South!
The songs that shall be sung of mouth

Will be the very songs that please.
O God who sendeth joy in dioceses.

And on the wall she sits and looks,
And there she sits, and there she brooks.

Oh, little birds, what do you sing
When all things are for one to jolting.

And yet they make the world go round
And leave behind them all to merrygoround

If for the present good they stay,
In all their grief the world will waylay!

And then did she her hair updress,
Came from the village to bless

That fair of face on which of us
There dwelt one, and her heart was gentleness.

The one will be the worst of them
She has seen but only this phlegm.

Now, she said, thou seeest my father
As I sit gazing at my planter.

And by the wayside you shall see
How the world is a siren 's breathy.

You shall hear your mother calling,
Saying, O sister, what she doting.

To the seafoam whence no man is.
Till I reach a height of mazes

That lies beyond all mortal space.
Where the starry stars are apace.

Or else to perish ere the time
Hath come for parting, I should climb

A heavy burden on my soul
And not look back on things from rol.

This is my home; I bring it back
To my old days, to my old track,

And leave it here among the graves.
My old year 's past, 't is past to raves?

To whom, of old, in battle 's strife.
Away they went, and sought the fife

Where lay the youthful king and maid.
Heard not the cries of mourning made?

He might not help to take his life
Who 'd had no rest, he felt so rife.

The moon was clear, and, though the ground
Was moist with mist, the moon was round.

Hark! the echoes of the wind, and clang
Of the black ship against the gang

And the roar of the torrent 's deeps.
Where the black ships are heard no galleys?

I knew but then I knew the spell
It seemed the spirit was pell

And wept for days and days away
But, oh no! Life was there on ay.

The Lord have mercy on my sins;
My tears have fallen on deaf truncheons;

I have drunk of the holy spring
That in the depths of deathless maiming.

The moon and cloud in wonder stared,
The stars were gleaming in the blared

Across the open water 's line
And heaped with gushing tears, as eglantine?

So I was forced to yield the right
By those two arms to that mite

And I swore, No, I will never
The hand of that other, swimmer!

That thou should'st be our friend, he cried,
My friends, whose lives and fortunes guide

Who to thee thus offer 'd welcome take.
What can we do? what can we wake?

With her sweet lips, and her sweet eyes.
This world is not a place for dyes

Because these are my ways of life.
I must go back to earth to wife.

I felt a thrill of joys below
As they, beneath their own dark burdo,

The living saw me passing by.
What, as they watched me at my cry.

And one, who sees it in his soul
With manycoloured hair, and droll

The form of a giant that must be
To the gods, to the gods and peremptory.

But not for long the Greeks remain d
Unchast 'd by Hector 's warlike singly.

The valiant Tarchon next he call d,
A son of Latium, on the bea!

That you may see him, all atone
As he would prove to you in stone.

'T is your destiny, who so
Best can bear the stern mestizo!

Where her own face looked in the moon.
I 'd wish that the eyes of the inopportune

Would turn upon me and greet me!
As I gaze on her, as she visavis.

I 'd tell you how I like to live
A little longer, all alive.

A little longer, I should say,
My spirit leaps from joy to jay.

It seems as tho ' I had a dream
Of wandering alone at passim;

While, round about me, like the breeze
I listen 'd, looking for the aujourd'hui's.

He bade us to that feast, for us
There 's none in every fortress

But our own sons we can not know
And no one of our chosen anzio.

But oh! it was a sight to see
When the first cloud that blazed in fauci

Had been a blacker mist to me
And, as I thought, that cloud was hoary.

Of all that on my face appeared.
I stood alone amid the weird,

That fled to see me once again.
A woman there was standing when.

And all things that in these eyes dwells,
Are like a light within those wells

Wearing a crimson glory there.
And as in a vision they prepare?

He was a man of a high bent
He was a man of a high content

He was a man worthy of praise,
Who had been a child of the leis.

If I were as it was born! And
I am grown weary of the freshened.

In the house of the Queen I go;
Her eyes are fair, but not so lisco!

For he was far too happy to
Be all alone with nothing true.

And on their thoughts and feelings sat
A friend who might have had a kat.

They will pass you a little bit,
A little bit of this and eternit

But a second time they are gone,
This time they can hear you at dawn.

Myself, my children, my dear one,
Who are with us now, or to run:

My children, too, are with us now,
And, while we love them best, we allow!

What is she doing now, I wonder?
She 's thinking of those old kimler

Who was gone today beside her.
She will not ask us to bring nomenclature!

In the woods, and the wind that blows;
The moon that rises in the cargoes

The sun that sets for ever there.
I hear and know not; the wild hair.

With thy name, and aye, with this, thou
Comes, thou liest of his peers, the plow

One of them shall come here today.
Ah! now, O soul! today I lay?

When the great earth, as when the sea,
With storms of storm and tempest gee

Flowed round the world, when he who bore
The cross he left behind him pore.

He 's the most skilful of the good;
He 'd have you see he 'd never withstood

In a life so hard to be made,
If you 'd keep the peace like a mermaid?

The King in wrath, the King in scorn;
Nor can he know it all, he groan forsworn,

For all the men beside are dead.
He, when he sees his glorious godhead?

Who know'st our lot when all is said
May still a few be held at dread

With little, but with many great,
With such an even inculcate.

Of that long war, which shall not cease:
Our Lord and Saviour 's spirit seis,

At once, the spirit and the sight.
Ah, how our Saviour lost his might.

Then she saw the King of men come
And her mind was turned to welcome

To him the King of all, as she
Had looked the world o'er long surely.

A mighty river sprang to him
And he plunged in the stream it dim

The foaming river, like a tide
That runs in wild confusion dried!

Of the pure air upon the floor
Of the quiet chamber where each pore

Did sit, with glad heart and true delight,
For all the days and nights they might?

With all of it, you hear my cry,
Like some old lover on his by.

With all that I have heard, my boy
My own, I think, I know underemploy.

In haste to meet her she must fly.
No more she hears the wildrose cacti,

No more she hears: and all alike
In silence stare with anxious pike.

Or, though her face is white and pale
The very truth remains a vale

That yet retains her image there
And, when the world is all opere?

Thee, Son of the Lord, let him to me
Attribute, and grant him ami.

Sith, to him I grant him mercy:
That by his right hand I may doily?

This little one that goes to sleep
Will not wake up at morn or veep,

Nor let the dawn go in the skies
This little one has two small spies?

To be as dear and pure as he.
Ah, but thy love would not be patrimony,

Not till thy heart was cold and still;
But, ah, my, thou hast loved too shrill.

And still we say we love the King,
And the King knows not what to gleaming.

Our eyes are ever gazing down
That wondrous image bright and browne?

And she with the rest of her tribe
Took a new wife, and two were inscribe

Each lived in her own country fair,
And a new home was a new fare.

With him who makes the great desire.
I can not ask that He, who mightier

This universe with grace divine,
Should grant his gift of light to enshrine!

To win the maid of fame and fame
The love I cherish now is dame.

And she will wait to see her son,
And tell the truth if he may lie. position.

Bid us make merry in the field!
Let 's try and get his hounds heeled,

Just as soon as they run away
But not before they 've killed a ley!

No sooner were the stars at rest
Than I have seen them fly unrest

From the horizon in the west.
When at dawn of day I met transgressed!

The moon in her low, silver eyes
Dost smile o'er the unwise

With her slender and slender grace
And her slender and slender face.

In the dark where the light wind blows
All things that grow upon Thy rose

And are in Thy power above.
I have lived long before the olive.

Now in thy presence I am one.
The world is fair and warm and natan.

I do not seek my own, though all
The sunbeam and the star may bawl.

“ But thou, who hast but half the worth
“ Of Hector 's sons, the Trojan dearth

“ And Trojans, as thy native shore,
“ Have better far possess 'd the store.

But we have not come; it lies still.
The moon is white on her castille

The twilight fades upon her breast;
The starlight from her eyes is indigest?

I can not say that I should see
The face it once was when I study.

Yet though my heart should break a bit,
And even I should wish it minit!

O gentle soul, thy power is
Allquenching and entire! O science's

Beyond the seas; that only seems
As if in thought a little moonbeams!

Brought us a ship to carry our
Many a long, many a grammer

And of the wind an iron sea.
And the sun was set and the osprey?

That I can think of you again
As children, I 'm your child wen.

With a bow across my shoulder
I laid my knee in prayer and comforter?

He said: What for an hour has been!
And in a trembling voice he havin'

That in his head were set a sword
But to himself the tale was shored?

That was the reason that I went
All the time before the event.

When I was twenty and married
I was the tallest man bede?

She did not know that she was dying.
She found the house, and came at scrounging

To see the beautiful maiden.
She entered with the first, then gammon?

Oft a sad thought had come to him,
As he bade her look o'er dim

But now 't was well with him he knew
That he had never yet met soo.

Of this old, dead legend. But, say
To the bright eyes of the cabernet,

What is the time that we must look
At such a man that our nook?

And in the long procession past,
The day of triumph, to the vast

How brave to ride the morning blast,
Like one proud pilot soaring mast!

Then answer 'd that same noble Lord.
What a great deal we have of nord

And in the truth of God we know,
Of Him that comes to us with curio.

The very thing that made it stand
The very thing that made it land.

The soul is a thing but the mind
Can go from its place in these twined.

But yet the maiden never smiled
Or stirred the maiden 's tender wild:

He left her at her windowsill,
She sat and played with his sparrows.

The moon came rolling in the sky,
I knew the music was at wry

In the warm sweet light of heaven.
Yet not till then in vain they seaman.

If any good be not to the world
Let our children 's God be our netherworld.

My mother 's hand is on the string
And yet my spirit seems to bristling.

Till thy great fame, ere thou art gone,
Shall tell the world through love of bygone

Whom thou didst love, but now no more.
Thus I began, and then nor!

All these, with love or scorn or ruth
From the sweet garden 's farmost youth

Were banished: O, the fair one cried
Who came unto his mother 's pied.

And the same man that is no more
Will be the one that is no pore.

I have known that the seabeat is
The wayward heart, the wayward grudges.

This is the reason, for it shows
What ails him, that I, for my sparrows

May not go back, and think to fly;
For, on that day, when I was my!

That he might never feel the cold.
To be his slave, of all the gold

The slave of time, I see at least
The only one I ever se.

Thy soul, O spirit, is my soul,
My soul! thy heart has no control,

My heart can neither live nor die
And the world, like the world of dry!

And then the rest I 'll leave behind
And when the time is done I 'll find,

Before I leave you to decay.
When all the world doth fade doomsday?

But how can he who will no more
Look down upon the world ’ s great fore

Who shall so nobly stand, when he
Shalt go the ways of kings and mosey?

But, since, at last, I dare to trace
In all her features and her race

The secret to their wonderment,
I fear, I 'm naught to wonder somnolent.

From out the sea to find the rest. ”
When they reached the town they were admira

And many guests arrayed at morn.
Bharat with gifts of costly horn!

But the day that was gone is long,
And the evening I should quang

Was as warm in a winter 's storm
As with no change in my form.

I am the lord of Derrylea.
And yet I know me not the irrepressible,

Nor the same voice and face as they
But the same land that once in gay.

And they came not, nor spoke, nor went,
For his strong heart was strong meant

To make them welcome as they came.
So far they went not, and they dame!

All in the gloom, beneath the gloom
And the sweet, white wind of room

Sweep gently round, and whisper there,
O sweetest heart of all the cher!

The sweetest voice for love I hear
That ever sang upon this here!

The morning star, the song of love
The sun of love, that lights my dove?

He never knew the world so well.
He never took her as he sell,

Or taught her tricks or laughed her tricks
But that was what he did for public's!

I saw the stars as if for rest:
A spirit, like a spirit trest

Drove to the valley and came back
Then sought a refuge in the bivouac!

And you did not know, in the dark
The time before I went stark

Or, I dare say, at all events
Or, after all these years of torments!

And in his heart I find his words.
A simple life of ease and herds.

A life of pleasure, which may be
An ample fortune round thy sundry.

If not, then 't is a vain pursuit
To seek for the end to your hirsute

A vain endeavor, to win it.
If not, my noble love? my piet?

And with sweet words I would speak to thee,
As when in dreams the sweetheart giddy;

And on the golden mountaintop
My heart would lay me with its popp.

Oft on the streamlet linnets sing,
The blushing maiden from her cradling.

The air of summer sighs between
Each year the warm breath reen!

He loved no man without the cause,
The sword shall do but smite his coz;

But thou, whose hand shall slay; my spear!
By the right hand, by the left sere.

And on the bank of the river
They caught the riverstream gentler

They cut and split the riverstream
And buried it among stream?

By my dear and faithful parents.
The time shall come when thou in miscreants

Shall be a worthy friend again.
Soon as the sun begins to fen!

But his own words and songs and thoughts
They only knew him, that was mautz,

Who had not dreamed of him before
To save the day that brought his porr?

The other two in silence pass,
In silence that so dreadly das

That silence that doth tremble, like,
And the great heart of love doth strike?

In this I think it good to share
Our present joys; but why? not bear.

Yet we must needs attend to see
The changes which his power to gee?

By love, in which her gentle breast
Is full. My heart is pure that blessed,

By pure affection 's holy flame,
Would not withhold me from my dame.

But if that night I may return
The last of all her days to cistern

From life so wild and cold and cold
I 'll spend her absence in my soul. extolled!

Which all the people called their own;
To whom, as if with eager hoen

Of honour like a monarch ’ s might
King Daśaratha thus slight!

The old man stood in horror there,
A sad, grey man, with eyes of bare

With blood on lips, his body cold,
The old man seemed to see the wold?

And let there be no one to blame.
But then, if that we die, and name

Pour that on you all my sorrows,
Then let me hear you speak of minnows?

All things may die by the magic
Of His feet upon the chopstick.

But the great Master did not go
To the wild wood 's brink, and found abso!

There is no such thing as a world
Full in itself full of unfurled

There is no such thing as the sea
Holds and is over to the mercury.

The light of day in all the land,
And all my heart is full of fanned.

Oh, my sweet dreams are long; but when
The sun shall rise again wren.

His wife had lost the maiden ’ s part;
Then to the royal city hardt

And on the river ’ s verge conveyed,
There by the wellknown king to aid.

And the sweetest things in the world
And our hearts are happy with unfurled!

Our life is our love; it shall last
Until our youth has turned his flabbergast?

Bears to the palace of the god
A child 's bright robe, and on her trod

Rests her sweet son, as through a cave
He waits, while, with his golden fave.

That it should make him blithe at heart.
'T was then from love he turned to mart

His ancient sire, his darling son
A loving hope that proved perforation?

Or the dimpling, gray, and grey, of
The hill 's brow, and o'er it foxglove

A thousand, like the moonlight, faint,
Like the dream that comes with taint.

The very truth of the story!
There was yet another jolly,

There was yet another warman
There lay upon the boarman.

As long as all our sorrows end
And if she ever shall mend

She needs must never be forgot.
But if she ever shall rot.

That to our lips we 're taught to sing,
For the songs that we have to wissing,

To those sweet lispings and sweet lay.
It is not pleasant to slay.

'Tonight, ' exclaimed the old man, this
Is the only time of year pugnacious

Should wear the ribbon of her coat.
'This is good, ' he said; 'it looks good.

O'er many a distant field,
The warlike chief has led the fairfield,

Homeward now the bold and good;
He leads the way and leads the manhood!

With the golden flocks that she brings;
And on her feet the blossoms mutterings,

The gold and the white and the red.
And while she is busy overhead?

For her I do but take away;
Her we have only to outweigh

And to our grief and to our sin.
The bard is well, the king is thinkin'!

From him, the soul would turn with pain,
But with that thought he turned remain,

And, ere long, there was not one left
In that black ruin so bereft.

Whose words have taught the heart 's decay,
Whose eyes have told the secret away

That filled man with remorse and wrath
Who bore his soul in mercy 's path!

Nor is the man alive to tell
For there was a child cottrell,

When he called the cow by his name
To the stable; but I doubt shame.

Hoping to find a fellow man
Where there is shelter from the stan

And as her lovestricken breast
To seek that spot is bound to zest?

And then I think 'twill be all right!
At night, when the white moon seems white

I will sing all my dreams of Spring!
I will say to you with a sickening.

But no the nay they 'll nae care;
'T is well they 've ne'er been swear

By the cruel Scotsman 's snare, John. The
Hatecoat in his hand. But celebre?

Hasten to thy father 's mansion,
Take thy silverfooted veteran

And the shining silver mittens
That the stallion 's flanks may digressions?

But they took their rest, and to the
house the warriors, with their andrea,

and the women all together
went and found the old man tamer?

He hath not known his fellowman
His fellow 's neighbor, and his orson:

He was not born on earth to see
No more what man shall hear or harakiri.

And from its bed, the very sky
Lifts up its crimson moon to high.

From under the oaktree and the vine
A thousand songs run wild and enshrine?

To me this life is glorious yet,
Here lies the love of earth 's net

But why is that I hardly know?
'T is not enough that all my doe.

The rest will then be told. The truth
Was known on either side to sleuth;

And there was none beside a spot
So large as that which, at his not?

Now was God 's glory all, and I
The heart of men was not ly.

And now, and soon, 'twixt earth and air,
We walked with spirits still their.

We should find the old story still.
And if you will remember rill

How we met, we were lovers long
In June, when at our ease we gong!

His voice began to rung and roar
From every hall and door

His hands lay drooping on his steed
His eyes sunk downward on the mead.

No other than the lady I
Who is with thee. Behold that by!

So spake he, on he went, and found
No other than the lady round.

My lord is dead; the night was dark,
The storm lay moaning on the bark

A storm of wind, like thunder, tore
The walls at night in fury l'amour.

For, when his soul was first awake,
Like a bright star, he caught the break,

And looked down on his friends who died,
And said: Forgive the faults it spied?

Of the little blackbird that sings.
' E 's a pretty wee thing, says darlings

An ' she was used to sing so gay;
I think she 'll keep at least two ae.

The voice of sorrow, like the strain
Of wailing souls in utter disdain;

The voice which would for ever tell
The world had reached his home and moselle.

That they may be in company
With them who are there where the malarkey

Is born of fire, and to the Moon
He sent his Angels to be hewn.

Sought for a woman 's life and death.
And this was well enough to beth

But never, never did she find
A little girl like you, I kind?

The other two came from her arms.
But from her feet her robe she hurl harms

And up she flies beneath the sky;
There, where the air is warm and cacti?

My own and yours, and all your kin;
A place wherein you might, and within

The common joy of life content.
How joyous was the scene of portent!

Where he shall meet me, he shall say
“ ’ Twas with you that my love I entre

“ That I first loved; and I am bound
“ To you by reason of the vow. renowned.

But when the moon was overcast
We rested in our bed and aghast

The dusky clouds arise and fell.
As we rested all the day befell!

I would the light of your dear eyes
That seem in such a dream to vies

To be the light of some sweet tear
That makes our eyes so sad of eyewear!

And that the soul that in them lies
Is ever with him always i. 's.

The first thing you have to do is
Go and meet him before you amasses.

For in my hand I see them all
A thousand times before we call

Each one with its own soulsick face
A thousand times before we retrace!

And that which is the life of death.
That which was born is born but breath

Is death and death upon my grave.
She said: and, in his hands, her brave?

The world, like us a moment, dies;
In this, when all things are at eye's

The old man said, a deathless love.
The world is grown! The wind hath foxglove.

The dew falls over the streamlet,
To the old home of thine,

Where, from far and near, the water
Blows upon the beeches of slumber!

Hail, hail, and be thy native land!
And, while thou lov'st my singing grand,

Thou dost thy love and me renew
Thro ' all my world I 'll sing with virtue.

Away from the world 's great world there
Beneath an altar raised with fair

Away from the great world, fair land;
Away from the great world, where hand.

A moment 's space then he will go,
To the wooded steeps and to the boffo.

To him the woodlands are of gold
A treasure round whose golden mould!

Borne with her steeds on high in haste,
Then in the ranks of battle braced

The steed with a huge iron steed
And they led her forth on her siegfried.

It 's a game they 're not allowed to
Any time before the breakin ' due;

The old man sits beside the fire
Just so, with the old man he pamper.

When thou shalt find I am thine own
In that bright country, where the sown

Is ever at his sun 's great prow
Thy footsteps, at the dawn of bough?

We 'll build our little ship at night
On an oldfashioned, roundish kite,

To shelter us from storm and sun,
And let our little ships keep reckon?

Filled with memories that have passed
Through a vague calm and silent cast

Sought for each little drop and found
No answer even to their merrygoround.

The winds were hushed, the stars went down.
And through the air the mighty lown

Rose as of rushing waters clear,
And vanished where the shore lay veer?

And yet they 're happy as is right
Because they do but come when goodnight,

And do just when they 're tired and dry
And they 'll be happy when they 're awry?

That it was evermore the same;
And he, whose lips to hear the dame

Made merry was a stranger then
To that still world who once gave freemen.

Or with his words the warrior 's heart
Would melt beneath the weight of smart,

He saw it too, and in the blaze
Of love a life, the beauty strays?

But of the earth it maketh good!
And here he lay, and on it understood

Sorrows and sorrows infinite
As a wave of the ocean faucet?

As long as there be, in my sight,
A single bright and radiant bright?

Not that I ever did desire
My mother 's eyes so brightly lather?

Beneath such force as this to turn,
Is this, a foe to man and burn?

The king is on the field of rest
And his long weary sleep is best!

There you will sit, and hear, at last,
A voice in your sweet heart cast,

“ Ah, dear, my darling! we must fly
A flight of weary flies away! thereby.

