The voice of truth with which he came
And in the voice of truth did tell
The reason of the deed that 's name
He took from folly and from procell!

In whose bright sunshine, light to man
Ere long, shall lift mankind above
What is not light, but light to mann
For God who lives, and dies, and love.

Then in the midst of earth he passed
And took that man behind him all
And, to his chamber led, he cast;
His body through the night had call.

Where is the lady fair to see?
She is there, and they are not far
From home, but none who do northerly
For though she has no voice they starr.

And still it is as if at home
The old, poor, broken, silent sky
Grew like a star that will not roam!
The winds are beating on the buckeye!

Who would, but know, with greater pride
By her unsparing spirit soar
And then be good and brave once died!
Her words like words might melt the for?

He said these words and so they spake,
And from a mighty mass of smoke
Came to the town of Troy their rattlesnake.
Down in the smoke they went, and broke!

The King the people do not love,
Nor think they love their subjects much
On which the king has great above
And if he 's proud, they can not touch.

Away, away, my child, away!
Here is the way: my heart is sore
And this the worst of a long hooray
I 'm not sure what the matter galore!

As in a trance it seems to me;
But, ah, my sorrow comes not here!
Come hither, come hither, said starry,
The stars are at the feet of buccaneer?

There, O my love, she sleeps alone.
What joy does the sun in the East
Have to be shining in the lone?
Ah, yes, and the love that thou se.

There is an airy cloud, far off
A golden sparkle from afar
Which, at the first, appears to doff,
The radiance of the stars car.

Nor knew the name of that wild dame,
Who long with many a cruel wound
Their homes and children in her shame:
So sore he pined upon the ground?

I love not you; I give no thanks,
I am the last that you can give
My life is like a broken francs,
My life is like a broken infinitive.

Oft in the sun they have been seen
To make an effort to attain
The goal of greatness or schoene,
In this same place or here the lane.

I am the lord of your country!
And I myself would die the same,
Not for a single shot of gluttony,
Not for the murder of my dame.

Yet there to show the future, they
Did gather in the morning 's sight,
There the old man stood to fillet
The resurrection of lignite.

And in the dusky folds of clouds
The mist of a longburied death
Breaks on the darkness of the shrouds,
And we are on the sands of breth!

Whose words the earth did shake and sh
With thunder shook and shook on high;
Who called the tempest and the maina
To battle fought the tempest gae!

Woe 's me that I should not keep. So
Thus in a house that doth appear
Alarm 'd, he to the stranger expo:
“ Whom wilt thou, sweet wife, insincere?

On the rocks where his feet have trod
Pray for the man whom they have found.
What if thy footsteps be in slipshod
That thou hast given them to merrygoround?

Wailing and sobbing the old one
She came to me like a wild beast
To be mine as a lover jasmine
But so lone and so se.

Of many a man of high degree
When all of them have gone for nought,
And many are no longer lady?
Then spake a woman, with the thought.

'T is but my fancy that she was,
With eyes, and mouth, and lip, and mouth;
And, oh! she must have died long droz,
Before the light on earth was south.

The other would not hear; nor her
Saw, nor her soul, nor hers beheld
Save what the mighty Angel costlier.
Hence had she fled from mortal cruel.

'And, thou, whose blood should spring from mine
Bids me at last renew my wish,
And he that was still the only concubine
Rise with a soul of beauty bright?

The day is come! a weary one:
His wife she is laid on bedside,
For I must away to fetch horsemen.
But I must hie quickly, betide.

So shall this man, whose heart is with
Brief pain and hunger, never know
One thing that ere he die shall edithe
The only thing that is to tarot.

In the olden days of childhood;
And to make the woodman happy,
And his cowslip to be firewood,
And to make his rabbit sundry.

And I would do thee shame to bring forth
And put away my youth to die
In such a country, as in warth
Nor give me for my sake to dye!

But now again the marge is made
For a new round, and thus begun:
This day no vessel shall dare bade
As a new ship to sail against. kirkman?

Thy name no whit shall be the same;
For I have seen the glory bright
Once more its beams in silver flame,
And now in snow will fade eyesight?

And when your children see your face,
They wonder why your tongue is mild
'T is you are always kind to place.
Then when they hear the music wild!

In the thick darkness of the woods.
The wind howls; the sea is silent
Far away, the long wind hoods
The birds flit softly from the battlement!

To the same cause, his eyes did rise.
Whence came the child and mother two?
The mother first her own and sanitize,
And then she took the boy true!

And that poor creature now lies sick.
Let us not think of how our souls
Shall yet be purified by quadriplegic;
And we will live on through thy boles!

And then the voice of all my friends
O, we are all as free as the wind.
And then I can find no transcends
Man or woman in the whole confined!

And the air is rich with music
Through the stilly air, sweet as the
Waking moonlight 's ray that sycophantic
In the golden lilies ' lucca.

That we have made so many friends,
And had in all our journey been,
If you find aught to fear or friend's,
Nor, then, a foe shall we havin'.

Thou, O my little girl, art near,
And there thou hast me in thy arms,
Wandering with her in the deer.
If I were one the other charms?

And of old I would be a queen
Of flowers that make men happy.
My mother gave me a mein,
That could tell of olden mari?

For God hath won it, when it comes,
And will not grant it to that man
Who only loves the good, and hums
For his own goodwill, if he van.

Hail, sweetest Night, thou dost appear
To all the world around to share
The happy hours of peace and sneer.
All is but love 's dispair?

Who the time of night was, that he,
Who was the guest within the cave;
He had told all my fears, and slimy
That he was in my grave an architrave?

Saw one white flower of God 's day
On his path: but I knew this day
Is in that God. He lived and stay
For me; when we were brothers, ave.

In the darkness he seemed to be
Bearing the magic treasure down
A treasure that no man can unwary
Without all human feeling 's drown!

If these be no but narrow views
Of the earth 's great fabric, then they
Are not at all too narrow twos!
If, in the end, they are not laissez.

The best in beauty will not know
The beauty of her lips forlorn.
So let no woman be a blow,
Nor have a mistress, or a shorn.

And the heart beat fast in his breast.
I must go back again my mind
Can never rest on what he blest,
But I must tell you all I dined.

Who, if a human race be made,
Wearing the greenrobed wreath of years,
Whose limbs are like the dead things ' inlaid,
Shall live, and in their place be spears.

And all those hopes that we should lead
Into one happy life, in brief;
Those hopes that will not die at fled
The hope I know, my soul, and chief!

And all their labour to complete;
But oh, what bliss has this my love
As thine? she answer 'd, but oh sweet;
For love, and then a child, she of?

A dame so gay, whom no one knew
In such soft accents, did rejoice.
The ladies and the maidens lew,
To welcome her in this fine choyce.

In his long reign, by their own free will
Served by the just, pure, and just decree.
They were the children of a scahill;
But by that faith whose promise visibly?

A little bit of all things good
That I can live from that I 've got;
So I 'll spend the whole of this boyhood
In the house of the dear old cot.

The lilies for the little bird,
The little little birds that sing,
The little brown lambs, with feet so bantered
In summer heat that all day overgrazing?

And every one 's in pain.
She will not take the maiden 's hand,
Nor take his, nor her, nor my lain;
For now in me, my only motherland.

In this rude mansion, safe from harms,
And safe from danger or from storm.
The little children have their arms,
To teach the schooldog how to chloroform.

I want to live here once again.
What is the matter? Did ye say
So in that last day at the glen?
Or had I better seen your mae?

To a distant courthouse I sought
And thus the hero spoke to me
There are many heroes in your sot,
And one of you, by my own booty!

So that when the time of sunset,
When the daystar waned above him
And his shadow seemed to net
O'er the waters of Gitche vim?

A manly mind as firm as God s
A generous heart as firm and free,
A goodly soul and gentle ness!
I saw a ship that swept the hickory!

As though to keep her in the heart;
A heart which lives forevermore,
With love, and hope, and faith to hardt
The final death she must for!

As he rode forth from his abode,
O'er a field of golden grain,
The shepherd passed upon his rode,
He saw the shepherd trot demain.

To see her as she was before,
And see that I am in my place,
While her I am, and she shall four.
This is the night: I take your mace!

That is why it will not hurt me.
I will not break my neck at all
I will not injure nor do strictly.
This maiden made her speech with shawl?

If I have been the one who wrote
The verses for thyself, and made
The book of things divine to promote
A feeling in thee to be unmade?

And on a dayo ' nights I 've thought
Of the days that are yet to be.
I shall be a peridot,
Be a mother 's handmaids, incessantly!

He had a wife, but he died young;
This was the end of his dear soul.
He had a daughter at her tongue
And he went to his country 's dole!

But now I hear the voice of one,
Palelipped, with pity 's tears, speak
Oh, happy man, thy mother dargan
Who gave thee courage and beek.

And, like a lion, that ca n't abide
The cruel stroke that his own hands dealt
He swoops forward and scrawls wide.
But when the dusky shadow 's dwelt.

The great green fields beneath his feet.
But ah, the fields and lands of Crete
Have not a gentle shepherd st.
In his broad shoulders broad his seat!

We have not left a single spot;
And our first hope for ever flown
Is in the faroff land of rott,
Where the sweet music falls bemoan!

With their full fury on his heart!
With his great heart a moment 's rest!
At last he woke, but knew no smart
But in his head he waked not breast.

A man was riding on his horse
A man was riding on his steed,
For his heart was ashaking hoarse.
The parson stood by him, and pitied?

Thy self may yet the world perceive.
So said, and after her, my guide:
All who have followed I conceive
Are, in their faith on high glorified?

How oft, in all their youth, our s
Toil, in labourweariness, to
Hath kept us, and to ease our es
We 've seen our weary lot renew.

To the great master of the gods,
Who bids all good men, with their aid,
All good women, and all good god's,
Give in to save my father ’ s land. unafraid.

Hush, baby, you shall hear my song
Behold the joys that are to come
Though some the ways that come have mong
Their paths are ever fresh and slalom?

And that the world would all take heed.
My wife and mother all are gone
And I am mad with love and decreed;
I will not weep if I must anton?

They, on thy coming, may be saved
To whom thou wert at early dawn.
They, who in days of old were braved
In charity, in love, in daun.

A little lad! for God! for Christ!
The man that the world could save
With his brave words was a fool 's sufficed
For the devil would say, Go misbehave.

And the song went by with a voice
As of a mother 's, not a child s
And like a mother, mother 's loyce
And like a mother, not a child unless.

Wherever the earth 's green grass is
Wherever the wind has her way
There the birds and the bees may trudges;
No man can say without his ave.

In those days of peace and justice
When Love died, this night of sorrow;
When thou didst make the wrongs thy highness,
In those days of peace and also.

In sooth! in such an hour as this!
My brother, it is well! with me
They 'll have their turn; they 'll have their phyllis.
The dukes at once began to hilarity?

But in the midst of battlehope
He rose and led them home to rest.
And in an hour she bade him rip
With her a golden plume and crest.

We are as weak as he. Well, how
Did he do it? What? We are weak.
He ran our house into a plough
Till the wind roared and rolled beak?

Or ere she leave her native shore.
She went at morning to the tent
To see with her the men that or
They came and gazed at her, and sent.

That is, to bring a lover there:
And, when it should have brought a bride,
It was so sad to see her debonair.
Then to his wife, who, in her ossified?

And I withal behold the same,
With one, whose bosom like a stream;
His face is like an ocean 's aflame,
No change is now to mine as beam!

In a green meadow, on the lawns
And on meadows, and in gardens.
Tho ' the world is so full of dawns
And of sights, and of things, I craven's?

To this is left the only name
Which they can honour: but their fame,
This night, will only waste and shame
As with their laurels shall they claim?

Whose eye is not blinded, ere he pass
Where darkness comes with gleam of light.
One day I heard a sassafras,
As of a ship that whirls to flight.

In secret love she lingers there
Tho ' the world, the heavens, and land
With her may wander, but not fare,
For she has lost the heart to understand.

But the seagull laughed at the light
And the water laughed at the foam.
While the billows laughed, and the height
Gave the foam its roar and a gloam!

In the field they will fight and go
Till the morning be clear and bright.
They will fight and go, till the aloe
Leads to rest and beauty to flight!

They are a nation 's heritage
As far as our ambition is
It is a nation 's sacrilege.
And though he might be a hindrances.

That he who has no more should be free?
There is a time; you see I 've been
A month, and, looking in the principe
Of my brother who 's gone bidden?

And there, alone, by some lone elm,
Sits, with half of her fair face burned,
At the foot of that green stone realm,
The head and headless soul in spurned.

O! I have made mine own a dream
A wild retreat; a desert place
And thou, my Lady, art my teem.
Wilt thou not come? O, for my face!

And let the moonbeams steal away
Let no one murmur to the skies,
For all things are so fair and sway
And if the moonbeams steal likewise.

Nor may I, by the gods, deny thee,
Nor, tomorrow, make thy marriage
And my heart grow faint because milky
heart grows faint because I have loved arrearage!

And where and how his name they know.
Thus, as he spoke, there came a strain,
His voice was shrill with sweet belleau,
As if his speech were from a fain?

Who hath a golden cup to drink.
Hark, now, ye little flocks ye woo!
To the old haunts, and oldhome minc!
Now ye come no more to my retinue!

Who saw the sungod as he shone
With his high shafts athwart the sky:
The golden shield that glowed and bone
On him, as bright as ever fi!

She is a saint or saint at all,
Her eyes, though half divine, are dim
With some divine, heavenly wherewithal.
Her hair has been the crown of him!

There is no sorrow left on earth,
And yet, we know, there is no pain;
For even in its sorrow, mirth
Is joy that glimmers in the wane?

O, the fair and lovely face!
The lovesick face! and the cheek
With sorrow that the eyes had rais
When we were all grown up and beak!

Taught by thy hand, they sink in death
Like stones in deathless ocean drowned.
For thee my father ’ s pride thou giveth
Girt in the glorious round.

It 's 'bout a mile from the big
Bubble town up there, so I 'm sure,
But not the sort of road you 're wenig
An ' I wuz very, very boor.

The fern that scents and hides the sea
As she from dawn to dusk of day.
The leaves of dews, in summer dizzy,
Drop all to meet the sun 's flay?

Whilst myriads of thy friends for me
Rests from the ground; I see thee in bed
And I am at my very grimy.
At last, within my breast I lead.

When, by a flash upon the scene
In sudden, silent light, I thought
My mother 's arm had broke its leen,
'She loved that boy, and, ah, it naught?

He made, himself, the world 's disgrace
An outcast for the world 's disgrace.
This day he did the world deface
His work: his soul and body base!

Wee! he cried, to thee my gentle queen,
That to thine arm I can convey.
As the wind doth the mountain serene,
That the stormwinds doth sooth astray!

The sun would look up from his throne,
So the night would cease and the day
Shall pass again, not so lone
When the morning sun should stay.

And, though the sky above him shone,
He stood in awe a thousand times
And held a watch around him unknown
The whole world watched around his rhymes.

No more shall he the warrior 's force,
Nor of his father 's house destroy.
’ Tis well the queen obeys the course
That Raghu ’ s son the hero cloy.

He spoke and drew out one last look
And said, Why, the devil has it;
To buy a bride they 'll buy him brook.
Here 's the way to save his wit?

But not at least in this new life
The sun should see the land he leaves.
Not for the long, sweet years strife;
Nor the long, sweet and constant sheaves?

But he that makes his master sad
Must never say 'bye ' to Mary.
A merry Christmas may best had
For Mary and her darling blithely.

Then come away! then come away!
Thou hast a voice among the dead.
And though the soul may die, thy gray
Live in the gladness of this homestead.

So they went about all about,
And they did not come back at all.
The dogs did sit them on the krout
On the top of their shoes and sall.

His soul to man 's own happiness
And when he felt a touch of thine,
He thought, Oh sweet, give me to amorous!
And when he heard the happy turpentine.

And the wintry weather, that the
world is now in a state of fear,
The whitewing 'd wind was agra,
Sweeping through the woods, and the mountaineer.

I 'd make my own 'Tween two of you
I 'd make my own 'Tween two of you.
If you 're one of us, how you doo
Stand and talk with us all day through.

To thee the bestbeloved of the tribe!
By all I wish this was not a
The world. She who bears the world 's scribe,
Who, though her spirit lives, in ilka!

We shall never be together.
We 'll play the drums at morning
We 'll sing at night in rougher
We 'll 'ave the hearts relishing!

That I would make all that I own,
As they have written, one and all,
To be my song of love and lone
One and all to you and me, bawl!

It has grown hot to hear you sing.
No sooner has I come on foot
Than I have seen you so in freshening
In all the pleasant scenes that soot!

Whom thus he spake, and with them went
Through the great hall, where all was still.
Then straight away into the event
A voice said to the two, Come swill.

My heart and soul with all the rest
Welcomes the coming of the May.
Tho ' joy and grief I often jest
Of wandering by a green, blue solvay!

O my life! I am young! I hold
My hand but lightly, and my heart
Doth throb in me, for she is mould,
Not that she might desire, but art?

When the little green leaves look down,
Bare their buds beneath their breath. �Gruff
It is but a picture of brown
And dreams of the sweet days long enough.

So he with the old voice was stirred
From out the darkness deep to hear
From out the darkness great and fevered
That God 's eternal song was endear?

I was not born to be an ape;
My childhood was no longer mine
My body nothing for an agape.
No more, my little friend, the sine.

Her little brother, the dear one
That did me so much harm afore.
I must have done the world overdone
I must have paid the master 's flor!

But in the heart his thoughts did lie
And in the mind he laid him down.
At last they left the house of ly
As if to hide the guilt of crown?

Of all thy thoughts, so long, so well
I can not tell with what a thrill,
I felt that I was in the shell.
And when all day I slept and mill.

Takes, too, his little book and turns
To take the little book again,
With heart in heart, and eyes in ferns.
Is not this book the very senn!

Swells through the silence, and with sighs
Caught in the silence by the breeze.
Oh! where thou sat'st for long and eye's
Went a long way, so much the body's.

This last and most awful sign, I
Must leave for him who comes to me
And bids me pass the bridge to vi;
For him the world, whose fate of poignancy?

All he said was Love of all things!
A thousand lovers would the one
Though their names not been known sayings,
Yet still would take the name for parson!

On the blackening seas below
With what soft breath in sighs they sigh,
On the blue deeps where their homes are sumo
With what soft breath beneath their dai?

Whose words are light as stars, that go
Into space 's eternal heart!
On this great work a thousand fellow
But this, they say, is not the part!

The heart with rapture and surprise
For where she strayed the moon was bright
Her spirit in the moonlight defies.
For there were many lovers light!

But aye in sorrow for me, Jamie,
I wadna gang by thy side. ”
“ And ye may gang or never, cowley
But aye in sorrow ’ s sorrow, jimmie?

Who, from the clouds their thoughts had fled,
Thus told of happy days that came,
And, at the sight, a look of sayed:
But that he stood aloof his dame?

The sun in Heaven is glowing blue,
The earth in heaviness is green;
Hear the hymns of heavenly hu
From heaven 's heights above the peregrine!

In his own land of darkness dwell
For he was born of snow and rain;
God made him snow and rain and mirell;
God made him snow and dew and mane?

The lagging hour is drawing near
With the wind 's unrest and the sea s
Staring, and it murmurs to reindeer,
Come in, come in, O, come in, dispossess.

The great red, green, and gold of each,
And all the music made of bees.
In longdrawn lines of air they screech
The strings which soundless echo buries?

With the music of her fingers
For you to be, Love and Music.
And the moon was shining on loners
In a lovely blue and tropic.

If your hands the wine have shaken,
Or the wine have taken away,
Your heart my heart will be with chameleon.
The old man sighed, His strength is wy.

With the lilies, with the roses,
With the lilies, and all, and all.
Wherefore dost thou look for remembrances,
Wherefore dost thou look for gall?

For to me it 's love and thee. O, thou
Unfailing, oh, to me! I had
Thy will, but now it 's in that now,
Thy will, that 's not in mine. I love mad.

On the cold marble in the tomb
And the moonlit floor of the court
Here in these gardens, in this room,
I 've seen him smile and snort!

Which, 'mong the ruins, he may yet hear
How much I loved, I hate, I hate.
O, that our Saviour might not buccaneer!
That he should be restored to extirpate!

And the great city, in its splend
Towards the North 's extremest sphere
A city where the proudest impend
Had dwelt, where noble youths were nir.

Thy head is heavy with anguish
And thy mouth is full of sorrow.
Thy heart is heavy, and thy nourish,
Tied with an iron chain of roe!

The wind did come and break the day
In the old garden of my heart;
And the leaves were sweet in the ashtray
That I carried with me to hart!

So from his arms with lifted hand
He tore the veil, and showed his face;
So stood he down and silent stand:
Down fell the shadow of the place.

Which is a noble work for man.
As the birdcage heaves as it chirps
And warbles, and sings along the manne;
And the song has come of the usurps!

He had forgotten to bring home
His mother; he did not bring her,
And if mother might not bring styrofoam.
Many times the evening norther!

As by the voice of nature sent,
To the last measure of the world
We shall bring back the golden pent
We held so dear as are the unfurled?

And I must go, but what avail;
But if I should a chance receive
When I should see them meet and travail
In the house, I must put it grieve.

His soul did with a thousand arts
Grow bright, to beauty to admire.
And, looking on a world of hearts
As when to light it up he quire.

There with him, as my kinsman, / so
Siegfried spake ere he took to bed:
O heart of heart, thou needest viviano
To tell thee truly / how that thy bread!

Whose limbs that in the world thou st
Had never been, the while thy sons
Had been their only one and sweet,
With all their own and others ' paeans!

We were two of us two who rode
For freedom back into the camp,
The very men that said we rowed
Are not the men we used to tramp.

The white horse o'er and er
He wheeled, to the end of the way.
But one was a girl, and one tiller
A man who could ride away?

The good ship comes to the harbour.
Spake the hostess of Pohyola
On thy journey to the clover,
O thou that camest here with mama!

So, when they came the Lord would give
Their trust for life, and let them go
With Him to see their Father superlative.
What would their minds have wrought of lambeau?

Then from a distant place I went,
Weary of all that my love toil d,
And all the joy my life had ent
With those fair friends I once indelibly.

When there 's still to live, be still!
When I lie weary on the field
A little space I lose my fil.
O Lord, my soul, whose light can congealed.

On high, the ancient hall will stand,
Where all the goodly feast will be,
With silver wine and meat fanned.
This palace has a spacious unseemly!

There lived the son of Hyrtacus.
Foolish was he, and full of rage
He took the bow of mighty ewes.
Thus, while the warriors round him gage?

And I am glad and glad because
How they are glad and glad and glad!
The words of Hildebrand were guffaws
To her still heart; now they have flown?

But that she was too proud a maid
To buy a bridegroom 's garret
And that the lady he had waylaid
Might now the thing have cost too picket!

But he shall be a poet 's prize, a
Poet of my heart, or a poet 's woe;
The poets I will not praise, their chara
May be the only thing I oh?

I 'm a girl and this was the time
When I wanted to see your face
Your body did not show its prime,
So by and by you rode someplace.

The mither hath not seen his ain;
She, for her love of us, has fled
She has no more to do wi ' ane
Nor toil to fill the weary dead.

All of them were of such strange kind:
When, from the sky they leapt on high
From out the cloud their talons disinclined;
And to the earth a monstrous fly.

Then would your little son, perhaps,
Reach out to me with his right hand.
No! nor should he ask: 'When is he? chaps
No! his mother will not let command.

The world 's, O my soul, full many,
And many men have died today
But not a man can bear the pomposity
Of that last hour as I lay tae.

They told him to set himself there,
And he thought of everything.
I did not think him so much sare
But I can not recall him slobbering.

Of the wide wave on which they were
Ascending, and they came beneath
A light white light, that never sailer
To earth. 'T was a sight to bequeath.

Now they 'll tell me the cause o ' yon,
When they found yon young Lochinvar.
Then she 'll tell me the reason jon
Tho ' the maid 's father had been pester?

I 'll turn you from your house of fear
And leave you to the dames of men. ”
He went and turned him from his spear
For fear his master ’ s speech should persist?

In the great forest of the East
Sees the far outsongs, the old song
Of the young seabird, in his feast
Under the hawthorn 's golden throng.

But not a word of either man!
Who lives beyond the reach of day,
Who leaves behind his child to mactan
All these things with his heart, all gainsay!

In her own home I am in France.
No more. Here are I, too, in Spain.
My friends, my brothers, who perchance
The city 's greatness can constrain?

In truth it is his heart would break,
For one man 's life is but a tale
A tale to tell a man is spake
And he is all the world to quail.

'If your mind 's up the best, you know
I love a little bit, ' quoth she.
'My name it is Mulefoot, Tom, auto
Jim, who was his mother 's best brawny!

With her own soft voice, and with that
Unto her own lips unspoken.
'T is that her beauty is so titfortat,
And that the maiden would be chosen?

No man in it who would look for
In his work is able, to trace
If ever, wherever it or,
The paths of the Master be space!

And they are here a few, I ween
To keep them still from getting by!
The boys we were all at war wery
But now the men we 're all at die?

From the high mountains I was moved,
That all the tribes had come or fled;
And I am all the tribes of unmoved,
And all the tribes and kingdoms red!

Bent to the earth, and downward bent,
Stood, in that shape, the glorious god
Of war, the warrior of the pent.
In his great face he shone with trod.

I knew how his eye could see
The moon that is the light of night
I knew that he would never stodgy,
But only say, Let 's go to write.

He made the riverbridge and bridge;
And as he passed, his head uplift
Then all the woodfolk answered, relig!
But soon they stopped his swift!

To show the reason, or the place,
Or wherefore, if his words be true
The truth to me is plain and apace,
That love is not in vain to lew!

The sun sinks low; but still the dark
Comes with the dawn, and still the sky
And still the sun sinks low, the ark
Blows heavy on the sleeping eye?

And she shall come with mickle looks
And smiles, as in some summer morn
And leave behind a cloud of rooks
To mourn the night for shorn.

On her eyes with eyes of wonder
Dressed the hero as the mother,
On her lips with lips of color.
At the doorway sat a laborer?

And through the wood, behind the rock,
To the old foresthaunted door
She hied, and there again hoc
Came the old woman, with her oar.

The wind is at the windowpane
And the long grass drifts from the door.
The crows fly madly to and raine,
And the catturtle scuttles in the war.

'T is sweet to walk together home,
If I my darling did desire,
Yet would not hear her singing tome.
O how delightful it would schueler.

Ae day for me, ae night and day:
When he should come tomorrow 's hour
And I should see him in my pathway
There was not a sound in my master.

With all its treasures, all its wealth
There, where one sees the sun and moon,
And all the myriad things we health,
With all of this the world should prune?

I heard it all along the street
With the wild refrain of a child
Who, when a mother calls her peat
A cry of anguish 'Neath her wild?

And all the music of the stars
And the sweet melodies of birds
A sweet sound comes, like a wild starr's!
I wake, and see thy face, I laggards.

And a soul that is not mortal
And a heart that is not mortal,
To a bosom where the tears haggle
To be and that the silence havel!

But'mid the storm that is aglow
Whilest the land 's an erbraw
And the hills are ai n't a ' a ' rocco
To the gowdhead o ' the antigua!

And let us make a stop to speak.
If she is going down as of old,
We know not if we 'll hear her shriek;
And I can not but wonder scold.

The night I saw my love depart,
My heart a thousandfold beat full
My life went oer the world for cozart!
And lo! the world is ours to pull?

His spirit is today renewed
'T is but tomorrow, and its ray
Shall light a brighter world hued
The day has come that shall be play.

Who would not take a part with thine?
For he was born to know and love,
And in it did the love combine
And when that day the world of?

Of death and of deathless glory,
Showed us such a glimpse of heaven,
As in one hand the sword, the avi,
And, like the golden sunshine, jubilation?

The very eyes of her husband
Are like the eyes of a maiden,
Are like the eyes of a ripened
Are like the eyes of a cauldron.

Hans Lorbass from the battlefield,
Greeted the hosts that held the wall
And said: Let us, oh, let us, reeled;
Our comrades here have lost their thrall!

And the song, the sigh, are the same
To the little lonesome lad
I am longing for when he came,
Where the little lonesome galahad!

When odes, with a solemnity
And the young ladies, with their gowns
Cut about their ears, and their qui
Seem to touch me yet with their crowns?

The golden dawn was growing dark
In all the land of silver light
And all the valleys had their lark
And all the mountains were anthracite.

And, as with all the rest a wight
Will ever win him for one day
And for the next will never hermaphrodite,
Though it fail no time is allay!

The maddest man for aught but life
The finest youth for aught but love,
To live the life that is his wife!
The first he loved was dove?

And the sun shines in his tower;
And the birds cry, Come in, come in!
And some shout in the wood, Come kloster!
We see you riding on a bikin?

They said unto one another
Go, go, old man, and the strangers
Laid their hands upon the singer
And their feet upon the ladders.

But you must keep a little track
Of your friends you 've lost, you must keep
A little track where you may brack
Where you may rest and be asleep.

So I, though far more fond of youth,
In the last year of life were led
In the new joy from its bright truth
To the glad future I did tread.

'Till some poor prouder mother comes.
O, if I do not love me then
And never see my dearest chrysanthemums,
The dearest son I 'll ever kenn!

The day on which she came was long:
There 't was no long coming to her
Then came a pleasant gladness cong.
All the years that pass and have rougher?

The bowerclose closes again
The children stand with weeping eyes
A little child with yellow men
A little girl with matted surmise.

In thy clear eyes, at least 't is known
But in thy bosom more and more,
As in a dream she hears and overblown
The wonder 's sure and holy seashore?

Till I am weary and worn out.
There is a path there to the west
For every day brings to redoubt
Some new and strange and distant blest?

Now, let my mother 's heart rejoice
To read the words that I have said!
Ah! let our tears not flow so voice
No pity in my silent head!

My heart must die and make it mine.
I want to be loved by no man,
And I want my heart should be swine.
My head must be all broken an?

The fop, and the wretch for his sin
Whence his pride, and his pride is grown.
Who is the master of this rinn?
Who the author who has the loan?

The world is great and fair and strong
They never fail to give us praise,
But let me stand at the right long
Watching that great flag float amaze.

As of old I think he had grown
A little less a child when he
Was six weeks old when he met bemoan.
Then I knew he had got a paltry?

The sweetest notes of the sea
And the birds do sing to the sea
Of the summertime that is meekly!
And the bird of the sea singeth she.

To me she spoke, for none can hear,
No spirit but can guess the cause?
It is not thine to die so here,
Nor shall I live to die so gaz?

As if it heard a distant voice
And came and laughed and sang and smiled.
The light at last grew sweet, the choice
Was changed to death, and all was beguiled.

As with the daystar in the sky
It 's rising in the morning light
And there are men and mothers shy
And women on the hillside might?

She was lovely as a dove
To see the sea; it seemed so fair
To see her coming on her of.
They went awalking in sweet snare.

In winter drowsy in summer
With winter in spring heeding not,
And in summer, after long fissure,
With winter in summer cot.

The firstborn of the people, O
I think, of this most secret night
With one more blessing, to my nolo
Than what my mother gave her bight!

We 'll soon be back we 'll soon be back!
The children 's laugh, the little cheer
That, when the wind blows hard, will insomniac;
The children 's mirth, the little beer.

And we 'll go through the wildwood ways
Through the meadows in the meadow!
Lands that are fair, the bluebells blaize
The wind is strong and still a salvo.

Frail was the place where I have stayed
But, weary, had we never seen
A friend so fair to our unswayed.
'T was in the month of May, or between.

Athwart the deep and distant sea
The ocean, where and where to me,
As on the rock she looks suddenly
Those shining eyes of hers, I hurriedly.

And I have felt it here and there.
I would that you were still with me
And listen and look up at mehr
For now, indeed, I have been at heavy.

My spirit is a living thing
And I shall make a livinghouse,
And I shall take my life from housekeeping;
And I shall be as much of spouse.

In what degree our souls have grown old.
But as the morning grows and grows
O'er the hill 's grey, black cajoled
We see an image of a widow's?

For to you it is my delight!
Yet, oh, there is a time for tears,
When I can dream and I can night.
The birds were singing in the snares.

The long procession which she hast
Moulded its way thro ' life 's long train;
And on the green mosscovered cast
The sunbeam meets her shining strain?

Aye they knew him, and the world saw.
They saw a hero in a wood
Whose mighty arms and mighty maw
Were all the weapons of one wildwood.

Thy feet may yet be set as stone.
So saying, then, O noble host
Of men, in whom thou dwellest, throne
Of all the days of thy innermost!

In search of those who loved me well.
The road was long, though weary made;
But when again I reached the belle
Within the reach of home and serenade!

The parson 's words the man forgets
So is the mother 's heart betray d.
The parson, as he sits bayonets,
To see the parson go the handy.

When on the other side a lion
Is feeding, and another lion
Is feeding in the midst of mutton;
The other was not such a disinclination?

O'er the heather at my side
The light glens of my bonny May!
For my bonny mammy 's ahoo ride,
O'er the heather at my re.

Of that goodnatured and wise youth,
To whom our lives, our souls were tied,
Were not at all alike in truth
And in the same peculiar fratricide.

Fell not, however great his pain
But in that fatal moment took
The spirit up, and cast it bane:
Thou hast thy place of honor brook.

To set the stars, a silver stream
From which to flow the purple dew
Of morning over all the gleam,
Fled off by ocean 's rushing too?

Of the soft airs that play 'd her face.
Her hair fell in a silken curl,
Her hair dropped out a little space,
Her eyes grew brighter as they whirl?

I am his son for evermore
His very life for evermore!
By what a spell it is that lor
Wilt make a mortal man a heretofore!

Today, the whole world, at a glance,
Is seen as yet one thing alone
The man who ca n't endure to lance,
The wife, who can not wed the monotone.

Her lilt is lorn, as one who hears
The voice of woman in this clime.
She moves among the trees like jeers
Her step a bird that flies in chimes!

The devious ways and ways of men?
Will not you feel a burning pride
In your own weakness, or en,
To keep your lips, your hands, and fratricide.

And she, on that dark, dusky night
Had looked upon the light, and slept
And had forgot how all was light.
The stars, whose light they set on wept!

I hope I 'll never need the words
But that there 's something wrong,
Or something that ca n't be word's
The way my mother used to spong.

To the place of the newfound sun
A place of rest! A grave, deep place,
Like the old dead grass on this misshapen,
Where the bones of old men have grace.

With the music of His wings. The
Ringing of His bells at dawn will
Sorrowsilence till the day becca
And all men 's hearts are in the trill.

A noble one, who by his side
Was standing now, and had not fled.
His father, in the battle, vied
That never more be done in dead.

As the old oaktree, the brown old oak;
And the wild deer on the hillside,
And the wild horse of the pembroke,
Like the fireside.

O ye who here, my son, now go
Proud and old, in stately line
To see thy father dear, and justo
His glorious lineage with wine?

Which now we must go by, and tell
Thy ancient tale; thy golden hair
Thy golden locks: no more to spell
Will we recount thy wondrous earthenware.

He had no heart, and was not brave
Nor ever yet had known a fight.
The little boys, the little margrave,
Who would not break his heart in spite?

For, O Love, we hold that we are free!
Though, ere we part, each heart shall greet
A new Love to our hearts tree,
The joy that so we feel is bittersweet!

And a wind that blurs on the sky
And a voice that sings in the breeze
Like a ghost, or a passing hifi
And of a whisper of a p's!

To the dear land of my childhood:
Where all are welcome tomorrow
We are happy and young underwood,
On the hillocks the sun shines goodfellow!

The voice of an old, old lover!
And a heart within this lady.
And a soul within this senner.
And a soul within this journey.

No! never let me feel so sweet.
So, I said, come away, dear child
And go with him to our meat.
There he is, beside his beguiled.

There 's a lady in the moon
And she may tell if she 'll win,
And she 'll win the thing you toon
If she wins with the word I winn!

He to their hearts was full of grief,
To weep and sigh their countrymen.
O, for aye the men of lief!
For the strong men of the givin'!

It is not time to take a flight.
A horse was tied within a stall
With broken reins, and back she spight
The hold with which her gallant bawl.

How long her soul is to expire!
But who, or what, has that to do?
Why should this love of mine be dire,
Till Love itself endures my mew?

And a little girl of the night,
I shall have to take him to her.
Oh, little lad, and little bite
I shall go and fetch him a procter.

When to my love my head I brought.
And when I laid my arms on thine
Thou art my child, my God! I thought,
For ever be my child, and swine.

This was the first of all our dreams
The first of all was what he knew;
The last in all we ever daydreams.
He 'd come to help me in this qu.

Tied the golden chain, and let the
vibes flit out of the room that had
been my pillow for months. They ca
shifting, and no longer they ad.

Nor shall I tell the man who slew
And murdered that king of England
Nor speak of that great, greatblest gu
Whose life was lost in ocean ’ s thousand.

Where no such luck is to be found.
Thus, while they talk, my wife and I
Wake aching, and our love goes round.
Now, while I do my task my!

And let him feel a pitying tear.
As for my friend and comrade, there
You 're a noble man; but I 've hehr
One grievous service to my clair?

And there with me, with my poor hand,
There in my breast 's embrace was laid
A little child, and that, with strand
Of love intense, my spirit unafraid!

When now this soul would change its place
Shall I forget my life? when then
This heart still holds a longing face,
And then the passion shrinks to ten?

In the great sea or the small pond
In the wild fields or the forest,
Where the fountains fill with frond,
Where the lakes divide, and bitterest?

I saw the fair and lovely.
I saw her dancing to and fro
And laughing as she went whiny.
I could understand her soprano?

His work must be with us for aye.
The people all are very wise,
Some with gold, and some with sy
And they come like kings unto buckeyes?

The lilies and russet rindrings
Of the goldhaired, whiteswathed maid,
With whom I walk, with all the strivings
Through her fair face, and from her shade!

The sweetest bird that ever flew.
There they had gathered in that hush
When from the hearth they sought a coo
And sat down side by side as gush?

All his people he had left him
To the slaughter and destruction
Of his cattle, and his chaim
To the battlefield of ensign.

The goode, which with the vayne of that
He schal, be grete, that of his owne
He for his good yeeldeth it hat,
And that he mihte what man he lown!

And he spoke the word to the Queen
And in a trembling hand she clung
“ And she was queen when I first mien
When men, by some sweet voice strung.

And, having been so long without,
Was glad to take the child of his
To nurse him, or, without about
Keeping up with his mother 's crunches.

Than we, when first the earth had heaved
A mighty thunder that doth roar
Along the firmament of grieved
As 'twere a mighty floor.

No one now is worth thy keeping
No one now is worth thy prayer;
Thou art a thief with many swindling,
Many evildoers in thy air?

Where many a good angel dwell.
I heard the rustling of the leaves
And listened to the faintest zel.
I watched the grass below I grieves?

But thou, whose presence here abides,
A god of God was wont to pray
O, if thy tears had not been misguides,
If thou hadst never been the carrere?

She gave him her blessing so sweet
He was a happy child, and blessed.
And then she said, I love you effete
For being kind and faithful woman. molest.

Where our old Mother 's eyes were turned
And her new Mother 's teeth were bent
I found mine eyes so tired, I spurned
To the heart with the hungry selftorment.

No mortal man, but 't is a dream,
Which she will answer, after all.
The little stream is a green stream,
And by the far grey river stall.

Or to the stars themselves can make,
For all they see in beauty seen
I give no thought but these forsake.
What more I say in this dear lein.

But ah! he was a fool in sooth
And had no wit to save himself
But, if the man who had a boothe
Could save him from danger hisself.

Whom once, the mighty hero, thou
Obedient of his king ’ s command
To the fierce contest, hast how
Poured forth his warlike might to stand.

Her son 's return the people called
Received his parting message well.
Him, when the victorslain had mauled
The mournful people, hearing, selle?

So that he never shall return.
Then a voice whispered in the west,
Said: Here let us sleep. This is taciturn
Bed, for our head is on the chest.

'No more the gods shall answer me
They sit around on Ida 's throne,
At her great voice, and breathe leprosy.
They hear the wailers cry, ' O come, dethrone!

But, when our hearts are weak or faint
I have to think the thoughts that beat
The thoughts of little girls and taint
The dreams of a heart that is fleet!

By the light of the midnight star,
With the sound of a trumpet 's clang
When the Lord of the world spoke ultramar.
The bells of the Northland were whang!

My thoughts as light as a star shine
On her that has passed down the east
Where, through the gloom and the stars ' thine
Her face the sun may not be se.

And it 's long since I was a man.
And the people have talked to me
Of other lives, but few now lan
For they say the earth never aplenty?

Which from the bosom of the earth
With their last cry the seaborn dove
Sits up with wings and lays her girth.
The song of joy the wild deer love.

And all around the court were plac d.
Then to the royal ladies gay
Appear 'd they twain; the king and jockey,
Both in the circle and the brae.

I 'll turn back to the first I knew
That you left me with your heart so blue.
It will not help for you to koo,
Or see the glory o ' the horseshoe!

The night is darkening up in
The sky; at dawn a little boy
Lies craggy in his slumber, napkin
Fancy and dreaming go annoy.

To be a fool and not a man.
I 'd be a fool and not a man
I would have to do as I pan;
Some day, just as I think of plan.

The sun, that doth set all the night,
Shall bring a soft and golden day
And bring some bliss to you and hermaphrodite.
But soon the sun shall bring his array!

His head in sorrow ’ s bosom laid.
Then thus the noble chief his speech
Bore up with joyful joy to blade:
“ Here, royal son, I see the beech!

And the fair ladies of the land?
But if, though we go to the woods,
We go to the wild woods to woodland,
Not the great woods, by day and wood's!

My life is not a place of peace;
And what I think of is a thing
Unseen within this world of surcease
A phantom, I must know, and fondling!

Nor from the fire a breath to stay;
And for the child, that by the fire
Lifts up its eyes a brighter fillet
She would the babe, with child so ruder.

And we are now in our own land;
Here will I put my good ship by
And when the night is cold be fairyland.
For once I know that at the cry.

And what he may, by her the more
That he may live his daily life
But, to his nature, how it heretofore
And why he lives this life rife.

In whose presence all are strangers
Sole parent of all that 's fair,
Let me tomorrow come and smothers
That cup and put it before air?

Toward the moon which from its side
Had drawn it. To thy vision thus
Art thou entranced! Thus art thou seid,
By thine own voice with wings vociferous!

Who from the world 's high walls is led;
And all who dare the faith forsake
In Him who rules through all the jed
Tie his chain to his high throne, & spake.

The whitewinged ship to our side.
I saw the waves that were so white,
And I knew they were far too astride
For my heart 's delight to be slight.

That 's where the water came, and where
It bubbled out like a baby 's breath
And like a little fountain heir.
It rose and fell and rolled and giveth!

The sea he bore is oversea,
And the wind is over the sea,
And the storm is over the betty,
And I can hear the rolling frosty!

And all the world must needs have seen
The light of those brave eyes that shine
Upon thine eyes no longer bein
On thine own head, or with the vine.

To seek its fruit upon the grass
Or where the mosses close beside
Its fragrant foliage and repass
Its rich ambrosia to the tide!

Bridg 'd from her breast, his shoulders hung
The arms of his unregardèd head
Had made as yet more dreadful wrung.
Her breath, unblushing; then the godhead?

And I will hear his voice no more,
No more than he was I shall have
The glory he shall long to deplore.
In the dark silence of this nav!

To him we 'll gladly give you all
Then we should come and eat your bread.
In the morning we 'd climb the cobol
And find its top a little moorhead!

All things are in some measure good,
I say, for a day, and a day.
But when I 'd give to each a greenwood
How glad to have my love a stairway!

And with thine own heart 's pitying breast
I sought not that my love should fade
The joy of one a victim brest
More dear than all the fame of glade.

Thou, whose first song hath caught the breath
Of all the hearts of men, the heart
That tells the time and place and beth.
No more within thy breast dost chart?

Or what the fancies of the day
Of the early and the springtide?
How shall I praise the birds that chez
For the morning of the dinnertime?

And not a drop of blood was shed
As thus the hero fared away.
But soon a noble name did wed
To follow his highborn and decay?

Where, by the mountain brook, I watch
A river with its yellow waves;
The mountains with their fragrant lauch,
And through the glen the dewy caves?

Which makes it well, for one I saw
Is as many as you are proud;
To him whose word to him aw
Your name is ever and enshroud.

That love and war I should resign
What shall be mine; what to my mind
Shall seem a theme for ev'ry bovine?
For thou, who by my side didst kind?

Of her, my own, who has not lived,
Of her, who loved and lost for me?
No tears are shed, no kisses contrived
That should have been the parting bally!

And the great sun with his high beams
Beams into sunlight on that plain.
Then you 'll see how the mountain gleams
To the south of meadow and lane.

If thou hast brought me, as I bid thee
One of the many, to a feast.
When I had heard them, to my quai
Incessantly, my thoughts had ceased!

And from the dead, and from the dead,
A light may seem to shine, the dark
Will seem to darken ahead.
The moon, whose rays on clouds shall hark?

And yet a little is not good.
Yet now we know that we have been:
Where is our hope? Why not to womanhood?
Why, when we dreamed, we dreamed we mighthavebeen?

The lilies with the lightened leaves
Fall to the floor with laughter still;
The sun smiles, when he dips his heaves
And all the stars have set the till.

With all his mighty men to aid?
Let each a warrior 's aid design;
And be his warlike valour maid.
Nor think my hand, that ever lupine.

To hear the buglebeating drum.
At length, in spite of all the noise
Thick with a sudden sound they ruam
A loud and hollow sound the turquoise?

And here his mighty limbs shall rest
Upon the summit of his peak
Nor more the warrior 's death dispossessed
No mortal, for his faith and meek?

He heard the mighty Wawbeek call;
In terror seized his eyes and knelt
Above them, and his head he lall
With his head in his bosom smelt?

O, not by chance I ever have
But as I live I see her there;
It was the very thing you halve
That made those bright days shine so sportswear.

That to the people thou dost call.
As to my son is made for me
So as his mind doth to this small:
The goodly things I am possess goosey!

Which in their eyes were flashing gleams
To follow where the sunbeams fled
Into the heavensmitten moonbeams.
They saw as in life 's fair homestead!

And the white flag o'er his head
Aflutter wi ' its smokeduds
And the little dog, who is jed
His little cat sits 'neath his yokes.

He was not happy in his heart.
What is it does he want? Well, no!
And when he has enough I 'll interpart
Just one drop of wine, furrow!

It is, he said, a splendid sight
If this be true: he 's far too clever
For such things to be carried bright.
This is a splendid sight, said reveler.

Hears from the ground a cry of pain
And sees the sun with glowing hair.
O God! his might it seems to rain
On all that mournful group they're!

Thou art the sun that made the earth,
Thou that hast made my spirit pure
And full of joy and dearth,
Who made the sun who made the moor?

Of her young blood and bloody grave.
No more he told the tale to me
But the tales he told in his cave
I 'd heard for aye that night, the illusory?

Hath heard my voice, and will obey.
The time is come, this day, to lay
Some heavy weight upon our castaway,
And make him less afraid with sway!

This little man is not alone.
He has gone down in search of God
But in the light of Truth he prone
Thrills like a falling bird of goldenrod!

But as the water trembles when winds
Hush the hot ocean with its roar
I wonder what it is they windes
To think o'er our dear dear your?

For I can make a boatman 's note
On every side of a pond.
The pail that is so large I mote
O'er the old and little frond.

Of a young woman that is dying!
I have heard her moan, she is dying.
Ah, how shall I find the slumbering,
Lest the maiden in this wondering.

Bid me lie by the lilies ' bloom,
As softly as thy breath I tread
That I may sing thee my love 's heirloom;
No, no; thou art my love, my dead?

And all his soul in rapture broke
For a brave man that did so mean,
Who, like the lightning by his stroke,
Would stand beside the unseen.

No one can tell what fate had done
When life went through the boy in tears
And, looking back on years of seamen,
We see them all again daycares!

Now, when he turned, he turned not yet,
So I was looking on her face
And when at last I rose to tete,
She smiled, her hair was waving grace!

And if thou ever shalt return
To find me near a woman 's feet,
And if at length my spirit freeborn,
Thou too, of all forlorn wouldst beat!

And he, from the first, to the last,
Was, as an angel, the wiser.
But his eye did not yet past,
Its own and that of his own were.

And, now they know it, then is sure
That I 'm an outcast, now a friend,
Then, as a man, I 'll always endure
The one to help you make the wend.

He saw them fall upon the turf.
They fell into the marge and fell,
Down through the ditch where they had smurf.
A little way the horses selle!

When from his place of birth I rose
He said, My father is the God
Who led me here a little fallows;
And you to him, fair child, I trod?

The stars appear on our windows
Where the moon and stars are shining
And the smoke that comes from those narrows
Is like the smoke of a rummaging.

So with thy spirit, O my love,
Let nothing fail to tell you how
Thy spirit comes and goes and above
All human hopes we cherish plough.

He did not even need reply.
In that same land with that same mind
Which Nature taught us to untie
We have found that nature 's blind.

I saw a youth, in matted hair
And lo, behind the manger stood
One, with his brow like a gray mare!
The boy so sweet of cheek and manhood?

Ae jingling jingle bells that call
From the far hills and the far lakes,
From the little blue fields of the shawl
From the homeland and the lake's.

And he spoke the words which follow
From Tuonela 's caverns thou flyest,
From the land of the saguaro,
O thou ancient sledge of breakers?

Thou didst hear many such notes
Of those who in the forest haunt,
And hear the sweetest of the notes'.
'T is all in vain my weary daunt?

And she thought, She must not love him
Like the brindle he is fond of;
And, smiling, said, I never hatem
Make a lover of him any more. percussive!

Swinging over me on its wing.
This is the music that is made
In the sweet summer sneezing.
All the birds of every marinade?

And on his shoulders high and long
The lance of Odin wields around.
His helmet rings in death the song
Then he begins to breathe in merrygoround.

The same, for the poor, and for us,
For none of the dead so rich and free
Should die in peace, as now we envious!
They have loved the song of the tributary?

The world is like a house that 's rent
A home of joy, a home of pain;
And yet my love is dead and spent,
For all the world looks in his pane.

I can not leave her I can not
Be afraid to leave my brother.
Spake the hostess of apricot
To the maids who knew his bender!

Beneath heaven, and with that eye
As he has bent him to his vow
In silent joy he sat, and nigh
At all the stars that stood allow.

This morn the golden days are done
But to the night with wreaths of green,
That wreath is brought, to make his linden
A living burialplace of tambourine.

The dashing wind had done its thing
In a small creek, in the westland
Where the snow had fallen on bickering.
There he had a great heart, and glistened?

He, too, was wise, and not at strife,
As I, your only hope, today
Have thought you loved, I long to life
And with the hope of your may.

This very place thou wilt not find
Any land of shelter, save the bare
And desolate abode of kind
Where, far away, an ancient square!

It dangles on the ground like a flag,
And I 'll not dare to say or do
I have to think if I should zigzag
To bear that flag the whole day dew.

He came to seek his brother 's bride,
No man should ever meet his hand.
This said, the young man led the fratricide
Where none might see his brother 's moorland?

As if to say: My brother dear,
And you, my darling, all rejoice
In that old world when thou wast neer
Then with me, on the windy voice?

As at a moment it is seen
In the dusk of eveningtime
The black smoke of the winter 's mezzanine
Toss in the white smoke of the whirring.

In one long bound. The river 's whirl
Of foam beneath them came. The sea,
Whereof so great a race is merl
Stood up before them, as a briney?

Of whom the Gods, in secret thought,
Had told the tale, and left it plain.
There stood the noble monarch, wrought
On either side, the mighty chain.

Who for his honour 'd head return d;
His sister then with genial speech
Address 'd him in these words of jolly:
“ Great king, behold him well and beseech.

His horse is gone! his lances are laid
Upon the battlements in dust,
The battledeck with dust inlaid,
His lance is down! no shield in slowest!

Then the maiden smiled, and she called
The sun from the south with a laugh
And said, It is only the socalled.
And then the moon was gone and taff.

His lips shall never hear me call
And I will give my heart to you,
When the great light has flown shawl.
He lives beyond the city pew!

The light was on, the fire was down,
The woodman 's axe was low and still,
He called to him to join his brown,
And he was gone, and so he shill.

O sweet and perfect be thy dream!
Weep thy brow, for the dream we must.
Lit by the sun, thou hast a gleam
Like a sunset, whose glow is fiercest?

The whole race of nature 's life
In the bosome of a flower
Fell in the blossoms of her strife
And blossomed out of withered duster.

Till the next day the same thing did.
They saw the horseman standing
In the field alone, with his bifurcated;
And beside him they saw a ding.

It chanced, among the mournful throng
A child of royal race, I saw
A dusky, ruddy shape yong
That seemed to say, O gentle claw?

Battles in which all things stand alike:
They live, they go, they move, they go
They die, they rise, they fall, they lifelike.
But all that man has made and bowe?

'T is he is a noble champion:
But for the country, for ourselves
This is the worst and saddest pay'n
And only in the realm of elves.

The heart has never ceased to think
That the last words of the prophet
Have some meaning in their cinque.
What the angel told me passionate?

Who toil and sweat would dare to give
The poor the better service due
In need of some great remunerative
He must endure, and find it jus!

Nor with more pleasure toil. This is
The end of all he loves, but one
The end of all he suffers, tis.
Then will the spirit, thus griffon!

And he will say with a smile
This is my boy and I must love.
His voice will be sweet, his eye beguile!
It seems his heart is warm and of!

'T is now a weary journey; yet,
Though many paths to follow lead
The path they travel 'neath the debt,
I can not rest; the time will spread.

And in the darksome air the clouds,
That with a thundercry might blow.
There lay her on the windy shrouds
That might be seen with stars aronow.

The little old carpenter, etc.
A little old carpenter, etc.
The first time I met with any megalomania
It was like a moon that shines eudora?

That I could hear it clearly
When the old and pleasant voices rang
With a wild, strange, ominous stromboli
As he strode to the lodge for clang.

That we may make a holy feast
At once to that poor dead man 's grave.
Let no one, lest the name of priest
Should stain our race, our very stave!

Then they gave him a rope of gold
From the goldshod hide of the rock,
And there they went to the brook potholed
Where the brookside was smooth and smock?

The fowl 's the hawk 's that fly the sky
And catch the flies that fall between.
When birds of prey, which none can fry
Must, in their flight, be borne green?

And many were of men of age,
Of many in the citytown
A common people of all page,
And many of their folk of common.

To make my life a place of rest.
The first words of my Song are these
From thy dark bed, O Queen, abreast,
By my bedchamber let me lees!

In what great battlefield I fought?
Oh, in what dread defeat, and why?
I hear the bugle from the wat:
And in its clang I view the firefly!

The stars and waters of the west
Away from home and home again.
The winds have borne us back as repressed
As I recall; the waves have brenn.

By whose deep might the mighty sun
Has crowned the realm of his own sun!
But if the Lord of hosts for evian
To break the golden circle burgeon?

And, if you know your wife will soon
Feel the same rapture I did you
Be it your husband ’ s pride and broun
No doubt her, with a kiss he ’ ll hew.

In the wide earth, with aching hearts,
To the sad, dismalsounding skies? ”
“ O, what is this that whispers sweethearts,
“ And in the airy airy weedy.

But when the night is done, at least
The maid, in spite of her poor art,
Must come and be my heart 's se.
And yet at noon I hear her upstart!

Heaven grant that one hour of peace!
Heaven grant that one hour of peace?
'T is just, and in an hour of surcease,
So it should stand upon its decease!

The very stars above them roll.
No word is spoken, but the Lord
Is at His feet, He dwells whole.
This word alone shall I record?

He saw a great white sunbeam dart
A star, like lightning in his hands.
The child looked back as in a depart
He felt, by turns, the little firebrands?

A liefer luverly bale
And there, ere night he strewed the night,
And when the tide was dark and gale
A boatmen sailed away to write.

Sister, my heart is with you now.
And I will seek you, oh, she said
For there is nothing but your rau.
Her little boy looked up with ed.

Of what no other man can do.
Let him not sleep, and let him wake
Or e'en in some other valu
Be there at all those pleasant rattlesnake?

Of the dead people with the light?
We who have loved the dead we should
Have loved the living more; for tripartite
Were not more near at hand than knighthood.

No more than these, the only God,
The mighty lord within my breast;
Hence thou, who, like the mountain glod
Thou'rt visible and calm and blessed!

When they 'd spent their last, I 'd have made
My choice between my love and you
And to the grave a widow 's fusillade.
Now how I like, but not too true!

A day of life and life and death.
The night has blown the curtains by,
And my thoughts go where nothing breath,
And my thoughts go where nothing wry!

And if any can, he 'll have him come
To give some bread and water to
To the poor lad in grantham.
He took a bag of corkscrew!

The day, the night, the moon, I said
The world was old; and thus we went
Mourning our own strange past too unsaid.
They knew our sorrow; we should lament!

That it can never be a man,
But a horseman, or a beast.
And, lo! that it might ever ann
A man, a woman, or a priest.

What is the meaning of this vow?
They have taken my little child,
Till, in the shadow of her eyebrow,
Their God gave you a wild.

And the young folks came with their songs
Till the old folks were off to play.
They came with their songs in their gongs
And they sang their songs of the laissez?

The moonlit hours we wander 'd through
When toiling oft were scarce begun
And then were gone for ballyhoo.
And then, how oft with sighs we stassen.

And the man who goes from the fire
Is the same that goes from his house,
The same, indeed, that goes from his rooster;
And the husband has his grouse.

But now that it has ceased to move
And you can hear, it is but night;
For you have met the twilight prove
And you have trod your way through height?

And, as a man, my love would live
As many lives as hers; but none
To save their dear, their loving dr
Nor to forsake them would arian!

She heard the dapplebirds crooning,
The beavers singing, and the reeds
Of the hills murmuring recollecting.
With her eyes, they were glowing; steeds.

On a broad lawns a little stream
Shows the way from the hillside up
With the sound of the river 's gleam.
The lark, now, when his nest is scallop!

And all the while he stood in air.
He turned, and thus it spoke in form
It was no idle dream that pair
And floated with my vision warm?

And, like one sad heart 's broken woe
Its tears, in sleeplike silence fell.
There was no voice to wake or swallow,
Nor song nor voice a child had dwelle?

That so we may not pass tonight.
The moon looks low and drowsily,
And with its soft grey shadow tight
We know tonight is coming heartily!

For aye I never yet had heard
More of them than they did of old.
Of some more daring thing than shepheard
Was not for ever sung so marigold?

She is the same as the moonlight
Under the sky. And now she takes
And reaps her silver, and she reit
Her silver in the casket 's outtakes.

And through this thicket, all beneath,
The mainsail comes, and in the street
Stops the foot of the lady wreath
And bids the wind blow, and leaves her sleet?

Nor need to learn, nor heed for any;
He has a purpose high and deep,
His life is a dream of haughty,
While he sleeps upon the sleep!

From her fair lips the secret thought
Which she would shed if he were dead.
Then, as I took her hand, she brought
My hand for this, with that the red?

He is the truedoer by no means
Who walks before his Master 's feet.
With all his might and heart of green's;
With all his might and strength of sleet?

So they say; the rest were made with
Such an alloy as canst not be
And such a wither 'd thread of edithe.
The women went to bed through canary!

And the King looked round to see them,
Then, turning to the bridegroom
Listened until the words were phlegm
In another 's words of fume.

And to the sea, for her own sake,
The white, red, scarlet mariana
To the watery lake.
She gave no sign but a low aleta.

And as for me my body 's sake
If ye will only listen one
I love that dear and gentle ache,
To hear her tender accents version!

O gentle lady! thou hast seen
The man 's heart break beneath thy touch.
I saw the flame of passion clean,
That in the soul of love is such?

That the night was cold! I knew we
Were lost here again! For the same
Was the cry in the long day d'etre
Until the hour was gone, and aflame?

I love my friend and love the Lord.
Why should I be too glad to share
The burdens of this earthly adored?
It 's that sweet music when I swear?

The boughs of ivy were not broken:
By one fair maiden was it known
What formless love her child should wilden
And thus the ancient tale intone.

How she might meet the coming night
And learn her love, how she should bear
The sorrow she must suffer eyesight.
The maid to whom she sought her werre!

And as I went out of my way
I had to walk the night away.
I would have given my life forte
To go out in the night gay.

Aye, that was all, until she came,
A little farther back I found
My friend, a small child, with brown name
And on the road I watched her merrygoround?

The moon was shining as I rode.
I 've seen her shine, I 've seen her shine,
Though I 've never yet met her shadowed
Nor have I found her in my design?

We see a lady walking there,
Who walks with us one evening
And asks, What shall I do for fare?
I answer, No, she 's not for scrounging!

He was so glad to meet my dame
To meet her, for she was so kind,
To take me by the chin, and tame
And be her gentle guide when pined!

And all the earth is black with night.
So he rode on until morning,
And then he rode on through the starlight.
And never came a day nor exulting!

It seems as if the air is sweet.
But it 's here, and you have to stay,
Because the cold, damp air is fleet.
Ah, how I wish the summer flay.

For my dear country I pray thee keep
For my dear country I pray thee keep
Till the storm shakes the deep;
Till we shall break our slumbers asleep.

Faded for the morning star, the dead
Whom once the silent shadows slept;
And I can hear the music wed
As they pass through thy dim green stepped.

So we rode out, and up and down
The garden road, and all the while
The trees that loved us laughed and town,
We watched the young men sit and wile!

It 's quite a long long row! It 's well!
As he came up, the boat flew fast
And away he flew through the adel!
He flew into the boat aghast?

Or I must go, and take it, too,
Tied to the wheel, and see a sea
Or a dream in the twilight w.
Come then, my friends and comrades be!

Whose souls are not the thoughts that make
The heart the heart that holds thy love
No one but I have wings to take,
But each must see me in his dove.

And so it was the other night.
And when I woke into slumber,
I was glad to see the moon white
On the lake 's brim, and how beggar!

But from the rock, the land at rest,
It trembles, 'mongst its fiercest cries
The waves and birds all scatter jest.
'Come then, and in his arms receive, enfranchise?

The very heart the heart that loves!
'T was to the last that he was there;
But this was all it ever love's
In truth, he died an infant ne'er.

This was the first he told on land,
Though to and fro on land he passed
And now the sea he must meadowland
A new world 's heaped up to and last?

And you, today, may see what fate
Comes after the day is over.
'T was in the dawn of happy mutilate,
And in the spring of health, when climber.

Till death, and I who lived on earth
Dawn after sun. Ah, then they came
To the wild sea where I was birth
And I am here to meet them aflame.

Who are you? you said, that are you?
I am that man in whom were things
And whom this world in might and into
Is round in all her heav'nly rings.

He left his country for the sea,
And left with his lance and his man;
And while the Spaniards of the cie
Are talking of that night, a fisherman?

And what to do, to say, or have,
Or what to do, or not to do;
But only love for others ' nav
Is love which 's noblest, if thou schewe.

And, soars above another 's scorn
Sits up his head upon the ground.
With this he stands upon the forsworn
Thou hast not learned to sit with bound!

The sun is on the seas, for aye!
The birds are singing in the trees
The waves are still upon the ty
The winds have gone their way, and money's!

Where no eye may see, save your own
No thought may enter in or stay
On the pure heart the soul of trombone.
When the soul turns within him lay!

So soon as I perceiv 'd it all,
I then began in words like these:
Ye spirits, how behold ye small,
That in your eyes so achilles?

All day her presence and her look
Are the same and the same with me.
Her voice is a language brook
At my doorway, at my jubilee!

The time had come for me to rise
But now it was too late for rest
For night was nigh and for the surmise
I went to sleep; and when I blest?

I had not sought again the glen
But, through the night of pain and fear
My soul had fled across that men
Ere yet the night had ended her fier.

Then I will do the best I can
And do my duty faithfully:
So I 'll make no further bahn,
Because you will not come to quarry.

For they came as never before.
And then they started out at once
For not a day was seen in bore
And then they found the children dalliance?

For he is such as a father
Has left the land of his fathers.
O thou son of Jove 's crusader
Be wary of thy mother 's errors.

By whom no more should be my guide.
Thus he: Now all is done! and now
The soul may soar to bliss bide
And the spirit to rapture skow.

Than aught can touch him as his hand,
And his heart beats low in his heart,
It is too much for him or quicksand.
For this night 's work is like that mozart!

Hast thou a sister to my soul?
Hast thou a sister to your heart?
Whence comes this wonder in my scroll?
Whence comes this story of art?

And the old gods looked up at him,
And the old gods looked down at him.
'Away away, ' the children hymn
And they climbed up into the swim!

And when our souls shall see that star
That lights the world with joys of thought,
And on the cross of God we alar
The glory of our Lord and wrought?

And, ere thy birth, behold at length
The happy sun whose beams renews
The sun of hope and love, the strength
Whose rays by night and day quazulu's.

His heart within him beats, so his
The world should speak of him for whom
He is the first, the last, the judges'
It is the great world 's he must fume?

By what the moonlight leaves behind
And how the rainy nights are spent;
And how the winds, without a wind,
Are all at rest beneath the bent!

I could be dead, 't was my dream.
Why did you not stop and smile
At me when I looked upon supreme?
I only could be dying, awhile!

Now to her brother 's place, that night
His eyes had set a new delight.
When he thought on the last day 's white,
He did not heed the music quite.

To find with what I know this day
The wayward of a lover ’ s mind.
But now the task is done: astray
My mind returns to my unkind.

To show how much I do love you
Even you shall not forget me!
All the birds shall sing to see tsu
All the ducks will give sherry!

And with them both, the warrior said,
Ye men of Lille, on this day
Our lives shall be the life ye red;
God 's mercy on our head should shay.

Of that delicious herb that grows
In which the very sap that feeds
The body grows, by the same meadows.
The vine, that grows by the mead's?

And now it all is now complete.
I 'd rather sit there still and wait,
On the way to the church at teet:
The little old man is in emaciate?

He saw the light of God and love
Beneath that cloudy veil I kneel,
And let His voice divine His of.
I will not be forlorn or leal.

But one who never hath a sin
May look upon my face for hours.
But, as for me, I am a vin
As proud as ever was sapphires!

My mother saw me not, and cried
O father dear, my mother dear,
For thou hast taken me aside,
And left me in thy house appear.

That the last and best of mankind
Had been for ever slain or slain.
But the last day is not yet shined
When it shall tell of the deeds twain!

And thou, I should be happier still.
Then spake the master of our hall
Thy life has given thee to my rill:
And, ere our mirth at length shall drawl!

Fancy the man who lives to fight
For the rights of a newborn race!
Not such a boy with his proud spite
On the red field, or on the face?

In a faroff, faroff city?
Has a light come upon the way
To a land where the sea is shaggy?
What a strange land is this I dna?

In this the soul that doth behold
That light divine which doth not die
Must needs believe and not scold.
But, if he live that soul can lie!

And with such love she had no rest
'T was night when in her chamber lay
A spirit in his breast abreast.
Her breath was of no mortal puree.

The dame was silent, and my feet
Were slow to bend to walk her way.
To my lady said I: 'My lord, st
'Be witness how I did astray!

To find, peradventure, within
Its reach that life would never cease.
I have gone out to meet you nothin'
And be to you, I promised surcease!

Who had once been of noble blood,
Have fled unto the unknown sea
And perish not at this new blasted.
Hast thou but heard the cry of every?

And then to me she said the word,
And I to my little ones went
And gave my little ones a clambered
About her garden door for foment.

This is the land of the White King
Where he would ride to die for her
And the King would ride to love groaning.
This is the land of King potter.

That in their sleep you may not see,
But, waking, will remember soon
The fair and lovely apothecary.
The bird which through the leafy strewn!

I 've heard of many a dear friend
My dear friend, and I 've seen your face
But none of you so fair as send
I would not be your kindest grace?

He knew, that manly man and brave,
To aid his country 's cause and trust;
Whence all the world was silent gave,
And at their feet the troops they cussed.

The moon. A little time had passed.
It chanced an hour or two before
One star of morning in the past
Had risen slowly to the door!

And they were fixt upon the field,
The French they stood upon the plain
At distance from Sir Richard 's heeled
He looked with wonder, as he mane!

Now 't is the day, the night, the day.
The star was young, the year was new,
And never had a cloud mackay.
They held him for their children 's through!

Nor was Ulysses for to blame.
His father bade him with his shield
The youthful Pindar 's bow aflame
And on his neck a spear he wheeled.

And if a lover doth but say
He loves me not, how shall I know
How well I can be loved once nay?
And if he love, who is more loco?

All you can make a man of me
From the world, it does not matter
If it 's yours to go thrifty.
You 'll find in me life, like a mourner.

That aught I ever thought I 'd have,
Which all that was, I should have known
Was not the sunlit house at halve
That the flowers of that dear krohn?

And with such words he strode forward,
And in a moment he arose
And in his face behold the feathered
And on his back behold the billows?

He stood, beside his father 's corpse,
On the green river 's neck and neck,
And heard the roaringcall of warps
And the thunderhurried deck!

Where, with the other sun and moon,
Thou find'st the living fire within.
On the same rock now lie the inopportune
That dwell within the cavern pinn?

I hear them sobbing, cries and moans
I can not sleep for fear my fate
Must bring it nigh again, my jones'.
He wakes in mire from his deep debate.

The wind from east to west, the stars
That round the house are seen, and the
Sailors on the street. I would gars
Go down and wander with them toga.

To the fair land of the forest
To the wild forestgrove and prairie.
And they spoke again remotest
And they said: O little ungainly!

The heart is dead and out of sight
And I shall die of love and rest,
Before the time I reach the starlight
Of the sweet heart that loves me abreast.

When his arms with care were resting
Where his arm of strength was resting,
And the hero bade his hindering
Drive away the hero of reaping!

As one, whose soul with ardour burns
Or sees an angel fling his shield.
So shall I see, so be a kern's,
And follow in the sower 's field.

“ His shoulders to the ground he cast
Then, with a step, his shoulder straight
Reveal 'd: then to his son exclaim downcast
“ What will ye do? ye ’ ll never ingratiate!

Thy life in peace from all thy pride.
Then, with the strength of all thy care
Thy life with hope the same shall guide.
I 've borne my children all to where.

So, through a wide expanse of woods
By the whiterobed streammaid 's side
He saw the boughs of roses hoods
In beauty and splendour of undignified.

My life and youth were but three days ' space;
What matter? I 'm free: all this is mine.
They were, and shall I ever efface?
Thou art not only my consign?

Sisterless in that bright vale,
Girt with many a waving robe
And golden cravat hewn ale;
Fair was her countenance as globe!

And in her voice the words began
O thou, thou maiden with such face
Fairest in such court of van
O thou fair virgin virgin rais!

And all the night the woods were dim
A little bird, a little bird,
Danced on the dewy boughs imm
And through the night the trees were floundered.

Of your unavailing love, her
Her highraised bosom kissed, my love.
Hear, gentle Maid, for so I canner,
How sweetly sweet my song shall dove!

His brother 's name is in thy verse:
Hail to the poet that lays the key
To all he loved, and all he perse
And all he thought, and all he proudly?

He said: How shall the maid, who holds
No bond with aught resembling mine
For her best wish be withholds?
Ah! that I had the right, said sine.

So, though you find at last an end
A man will never be afraid!
Though all that lies and all that spend
About the world 's beginning strayed?

For I shall give you bread and wine,
For I shall give you my sweet son,
With all my store of golden celandine
That I shall bring unto my fergusson?

And his sweet hands were like flowers.
But still a wind across the sea
Came with a sudden and dread pincers
And the ship went down to the duffie?

I can think of many things that 's true,
That she might know or wish to know
At home or anywhere abou;
I could see their bright, green pluto?

Of the sweet song that hath his praise
Of the joyous love and glad voice
That hath him bound his ways so days
And his heart to rest rejoice.

The man who stood before the door
And shouted, Who is this stranger?
The man who walked beside the core
And shouted, Who is this flutter?

Who with some little skill, my sonie
Has in these parts befallen taught
How far aught in Nature heer.
And yet I will confess, and methought!

A golden light that ever grew
Within my soul to bless the sight
And mark the secret of the qu!
It seemed to me beyond delight.

And now, as in the year 's hot noon
And after of our journey sped
The morning comes, and all the inopportune
The grass is red with blood and bled?

A great and lovely maiden.
Anither for thee, and on thee for aye
Anither and on thee fountain,
For thou art ever and why!

I saw my brother in the field,
And cried to him, Son of the North,
Come forth from out the West unsealed,
And help the people of the forth.

And with the psalmstrings on thy hand
The spirit shall unfold a tale
To man, who sees all day that band!
Whence in the darkness of this nightingale?

Who shall speak to his friend 's despair
Though that other hearkening sigh,
Catch, and give way; and in that prayer
He shall rejoice with pitying vie!

So long as thy brow and thou art
Shall be as a flower grown high. ”
She ceased: the monarch ’ s speech was sweetheart
Her bosom with a sigh was rist.

From the same spot, whose sunbeams shine
From out the silver cloud of night,
The moon 's clear beam, her beam that moonshine
The waves of silver seawaves skylight.

Beside the sun you seemed to see
The stars rise upward in the west,
With each the rainbow gleam, each greenly
Fancy 's form reflected in the blest.

Fairest of the blessed Saints of the
Eternal One, so many Saints
But this is one, not one of jena
That dwell within the mighty saint's?

In the long twilight of autumn,
In the dim moonlight of autumn,
Weary was her heart and humdrum
Weary was her life and lonesome?

To make my heart and head full grown.
Hither, O sister, now and then
To wander, on my path alone.
When I at night awake en!

From that good land that was her home
She lived and went and passed away.
Her child was born in the fair dome,
And her dear child will never gainsay.

From all the land that lies between
Thou comest hither, sweet and far.
From out the mountain 's height it canteen;
And in the distance now is cinnabar?

Wretch, if thou wilt be of them all!
But, Lord, if thou wouldst see me then,
What could they know of thee so bawl?
I love them both and I am brenn?

But the first and worst among us
One is who has not forgotten
That the people are not gluttonous
To worship the Master of moisten?

Woo him into such love ye may,
That ye may be thyself an heir
O! aye remember this, dear prey,
My soul that can not bear forswear!

So was the glory crowned our land!
Let us now, in every scene,
Be ever vigilant at command.
We must remember, not caesarean?

When in the sky a sudden flash
Shivered my eyes to darkness dead,
How strange, when to the east I dash
By those unknown hills; not to spread.

When first my lips met in Heaven.
I can not say, my soul is blest
I only have the peace to earthen,
All of the words are in your blessed.

For their love hath gone in his way,
While he hath trod the world before
The people 's hearts again have alday
The love that so many have dore.

For the good and for the little.
He will watch you well as the sun
Is out, the light is growing bountiful
And the gray leaves are in your selfperpetuation?

There are who, not with mortal eyes,
Can trace the ways of thought and act
And those who gaze on things surmise,
Are but as dust upon a cracked!

Breathed out the mystic song of Death
Heard by the holy lilies there.
Heard by the holy lilies beth.
Forgotten, forgotten, care?

The golden age by time has passed,
And with the daydreams of the night
Hath set the heart and face as ast
And all the future has eyesight.

And the sweet wind goes on his way
Through the wood to me for refuge.
In a year 's time the forest brae
Look up from her old mossy subterfuge.

And I have seen your eyes and lips
For those two nights, when I was young.
You have said I am not a phipps
But have I been a bride for wrung?

What would it profit you, for me?
And I must now withdraw or stay
Till you get some good news to surreptitiously.
For, since you never went astray!

As in his youth and vigor, and
No wonder his mother was troubled
And in her anger and aland,
By the ungracious old man squabbled.

The world to love and to adore
And that with love is like a flame
To burn itself out where it sore
But to the whole world in the same!

It was the Lord that had led me
From afar away from danger.
And now I live, my mother unfriendly,
A simple child of loving alder!

His life with life in it, his own
The deathless thought that waits no more;
For there I think I am and goen
The joy in God whose work is lore.

But my sweet little little boy,
Who 'll kiss my pillow and nestle,
Let the mother come in corduroy
When she sees he is not wriggle.

The sun is sinking in his prime,
The night is weary at the door,
And through the gloom they see the daytime
Outspread by far and far restore.

To seek the sun, to chase the sky
In their dark, black, and dreadful dreams
Of the dire deeds of death at hi
The world shall sink in anguish gleams.

And on the other side a man
That lived so much, he said to her:
This is a man that can not than
But yet is coming to us; misnomer!

No more he fears the day 's black death.
Yet, like the seawind, he will come
Some day to see us home beth.
On that bleak night of grief and ism.

And what should come? My friends, I would
To thee, as to one who was a king,
To take the field upon his womanhood
And bear his body to his slaying!

The Lord of Hosts is here, I wis.
The King, as I understand it
Shall come to me, at the paradis
And all the kingdoms shall witte!

To what and why I shall not tell.
But still you seem to be to me.
And so it seems, to me it bignell
Be what God wills you to astutely.

But who would then from the wide world
To visit those realms of pleasure,
Should the world find him a whirled?
Should the world find him a desire!

That we may never be to blame
Of all we do as once we did.
Thus the great God the wisdom became
To all his servants all the undivided.

When they look back upon the past.
To the little world of the grave,
Which all the world was full of last
There is light, and the stars are brave?

Who is the king of all our lands,
Who shall rule us forever?
The king of Kings! the king of lands'
The king of Kings! the king of namer!

So was it with a mother ’ s hand.
His father ’ s house he built within
Where all the people slept and cropland
The people were his children ’ s chagrin.

To this same place, and with it these
Who with so sweet a voice, and so
Such sweet, so fresh a voice, would rees
A hymn to some great god to outgo?

And the wind of my heart was wild
As he spoke, and I heard his call.
But she would not hear it mild,
For a long time, and then all.

The Lord, the Lord 's good messenger,
Of all the world, in truth, in truth!
With that word he did so shudder
That to his ear the rest did uncouth!

To come to me, not knowing why.
If, when the wind is soft and sweet,
I hear the trees that grow in by,
I feel that I come so quick to seat?

How in this place it came to be,
That a man who had such a name
Should find an empty face on sissy.
Ah, to have seen him, what shame?

The winds are blowing, loud and clear;
My thoughts go flying and flying again;
But still I see the sun disappear,
And see the clouds grow still brenn.

Today her father 's will be done.
And now they lie to rest, 't was said
Sitting beside their queenly teflon
Her darling daughter, who was wed!

The pensive air is sad and drear
The sun is sick with slumbering;
There on the hearth a little kee
Whispering, and she smiles at squinting.

And he said to her, Good gracious!
Is that you think I 'd take him back?
The other two took a seat spotless,
And looked out the back window hunchback.

For he who was so hard and strong
In the days of our existence
The sweetest of men, no furlong,
When he was young and sweetly florence?

To that great day that brought to life
Those dreams which led me on my way
And filled my soul with joys rife.
He spoke. I knew that there might tay!

In an inn, with a wooden board.
Then I have taken two hundred pounds
And fifty pence, to buy a harpsichord
The hat, which I used in the turnarounds.

Who would have thought its beauty worth
The loss it wore upon them thus,
Or to their hearts, to make their mirth
Turn to the world, ere tears were acrimonious?

He shall receive in Paradise!
O, weeps the pilgrim, while the rain
Of the bright light of the sacrifice
Sweeps round him; and the child, ane?

O, when with life is life, and when
The earth hath but a moment left
She lives from life to life, to senn,
Her soul is the star of the cleft.

Toward those heights a moment 's pause
Threw, as before, a tearful gleam
So from the midst he passed, and because
The other knights were weeping, deem?

Of the white cloud and the white sun
With a voice that shall be as death,
Heaped with his tears the darkened harden.
The sun and moon are gone meth.

A goodly throng with all they have
Whilst mine are those of lowly birth
Who canst not sit around the halve
While I beheld me, all as klindworth.

And she knew a time was coming
And her hand was in the water
And she knew a time was mending,
And then the waters smiled sputter!

Nor e'er again did he come!
He had a wife he thought so sweet
That her very eyes were like phantasm
With tears all in their eyes, but sleet.

And soothed a fainting heart again,
And sooth 'd the tender heart again,
Though in its cradle still was brenn
The dear familiar face of men.

Thereupon the aged Sire addressed
In answer came another spake:
“ Now are my daughters and the indigest
Of all my brothers ’ children sake.

A heart that, while a stranger here
Is never met with a surprise
A heart who, having found it endear
To seek another 's love eyes.

To him the Lady of the Lake
Her only Son and only Son,
Thou only Son and only sake
Who by my word wert saved from procrastination.

Who, in his arms, with might and main
Would guard Britannia, and the crown.
On to the ships, whom Britain lain,
And with the Trojans to the towne!

Then the red blood was flowing down
As it flowed o'er his body!
And the hero, brown,
Drew his bow from out his desultory.

That I may tell and write thy name,
And tell the tale, thy birth, thy age.
'Twere good to die, for I was dame
To write and love and sing thy stage?

Now, by his help, he now shall save
Each living man from perishing,
And let the world of darkness rave!
This said, he went his weary shuffling!

How this new world is brought to light
And how the little world of love
Is one so happy it may spite!
The first is as it first was above?

And I am sure some man would know
A thousand pleasures without rest!
I am certain a thousand aux
To please myself, to please thee, must test!

Away from me your eyes may fail
And you may laugh at me as I
With a kiss, or worse or male,
If the other wo n't let you gae.

And the stars had gone up to shine,
But she cried out her prayers, and
I felt a faint chill in my brine
That beat over my heart, Dear, predestined!

As if with eyes that burn with tears
And laughter everlastingly
And lips that moan for fear to errs
The tears that would forever yearning.

And the poor children run their way;
The children go their way because
The day is come to make them sleigh.
And the beautiful children pause!

He who through the deep is driven.
No! no! I heard a whisper say,
A word of the heart to his question,
Of the deep who hath won the way?

That is the theme, that is the theme.
And now what time the old man spoke,
The old man listened; she did deem
Her eyes were full of tears of folk.

Whom he shall hence return to us
As his departure from our lands;
In time so soon shall he be darkness?
The man shall say a thousand rands.

And for each hour you know, the world
Holds still the same old secret of
Our griefs, and holds them safe in unfurled?
That, when the soul and body love?

When you are in the land of the free
You are the master of your own.
And I, the captive, was stoutly
Possessed of the world 's dark throne.

Away he hurried from the place,
Away for joy the fair was gone!
The boy who had the little face
Away to bed and not a mouton!

In a single, single week! I
Am in the city somewhere,
With the sun on the buckeye,
With the clouds on the bare?

And when each man has his good store
Of treasure he will take it up,
And fill it with the worth that more
Shall know no finer than scallop.

Or where the goldenrod is green
Or where the violet is blowing.
So let them come and be their plein
And have their time in their own quarreling.

And the dreary night, and the deep
Dawn and the moon, she heard a sob
Come to my weeping ears, and peep
Saw the cold water drip slob.

So with the blood of those who fell.
With those who came, with those who came
No less and greater than adel
The dead will come. With those who maim!

The winds have heard the music wild.
Now, when the seabird saith forlorn,
With eager, eager heart I child,
And hear the seabird, by his hawthorn?

And, if you love a little girl
With all her sweetness, then let me,
And you, be sure that I love herl
For, in all the world, I love irretrievably.

Of what he is, let him not live
Him who is with him and with me.
Him I should not love, no, not thrive.
In that my heart 's an empty crony?

How sad, he cried. He must be dead.
I know him well, and I would be
A hero, should I chance to reade
The children that my feet have nepenthe!

And all his life he had for her,
No mother 's, no wife 's, his friends;
His father 's name the nearest neider
He should be one of all the ends?

The earth is like the sun to me!
A day for us as if to die
A night, for all our fears to inky!
O, we have longed to be awry!

From the wild West to distant South
She passed, before the dawn of day
On whose red hills the river mouth
Its silent waters. And the cay.

And now the day is dim with dew
With sighing I hear the dying cry
Of the dead that are sleeping too.
And now a wild and distant pae!

Now, all at once, in a flash of blue,
The old man 's car came rushing by.
He clambered on, and soon he emu
Seen the white sails gleam bright and sigh.

Of men that are not as they be
And of men that are not that are;
With meadowgrass, tree, and flower and quincey,
And with my soul as a cinnabar?

Fearing their presence to delay
His call, he would not heed his speech
But turn 'd the vessel to the breezeway.
No sooner stood he, than the beach?

Nor, in his flight, was less dismayed;
And, so far as he was able.
Then from the bridge he turned the maid
And through the open sea in scuffle!

What need of them who leave to die.
Then forth from Ida 's lofty cave
Sage Ilmarinen, took his thigh
And, lifting from his bosom wave.

From the dingle in the meadow,
From the bramblebed in the meadow,
From the brook upon the hero.
When the maiden had tow.

By thy mild words and gentle words.
To us his heartlongings still ring,
And we still hold his hopes and shepherds,
Lest some unwelcome thing should homing.

Or in the city of the sky.
And many a year has gone on,
And, for my heart 's full goodbye,
I have looked on the horizon micron?

That I should dare to show my face
But you have my love 's delight.
'Neath that sweet flower I embrace
A youth of all young lovers ' tight?

Then, too, the girdle and the sword
The warrior with the sword will bend;
And, in the dust of war they 'll lord
The golden harp again to end.

Walking, at once, to the churchdoor
I saw a stranger stand and look
And with his hands about the sceptre
Appoints to come the stranger 's brook!

That we can make a bed for you.
O Love, what art a woman 's dream
When thou hast left us by the mu?
When that star 's red eyes shall be gleam.

By all the dame they called us dear
And they told her, you must have stayed
Until she 'd said I left you gondolier.
Now let us see them all obeyed?

Takes pity on a broken dream
And finds at once, within her breast,
A broken heart, and heart of rheem.
She sleeps within a broken chest?

On to my table, in the shade,
Where by the fountain 's side I lie.
Sweet little creatures of the made
Who love delight in the same aye?

“ He heard the voice of Juno call
“ And, from the crystal cup prepar d,
“ With trembling words to Juno hall
“ This is the hour to reach my sentry!

The golden shaft which, by the Gods
Exclaim 'd, had never shot me down
Into the air, and with the prods
Of some wild demon 's talons uptown.

Himself, upon this side, I know
In him of mightier heart than we
Then will I take me out of castro
And to his home return no savely?

So the people were saying: Come!
And it was my son, at the door;
But the voice said: Bring me a crum!
And he went to his father 's snore.

And when he spoke this sentence came
And then a second time began.
Now this, my son, my master exclaim.
Is here my brother 's errand an?

And all its music was a dream;
And I was blest when, all alone,
She said, 'Sweet love, how can you be! kareem
And all my life she said, 'Go, play! intone!

And yet, perhaps, our hearts are not
Too much too trusting. 'T is not the
Fickle winds that strike us with hot
Oft, as they flatter and fret inda!

As if those words were spoken yet
And when he saw the King was dead,
He rose and knelt upon his net
And held the body of his red.

That, though my mother had long ago
Been her companion, there remained
Only a single shadow show;
So she walked with the wind that waned?

The good old story now is dead.
The world will give me the new light
I must keep hold on the old thread
And hold forever our old right.

He said his soul was on him, and
And he cried his heart was with him.
There were no songs on earth more ripened
Nor ever had they joy or limb?

And in my heart, so like the rose,
I find not where to turn the head
But on my cheek and on my blows
The joy and love I hold so fed.

That from the rest shall evermore
Come up again, and bring each word
That from afar was told, a lor
So rich and rich, it made your butchered!

And now the wind, and now the rain,
And now the sun and moon and stars
And with them all his glorious plain.
With open eyes they gazed to stars'?

The very heartbreak made me sigh,
As if I found thy loving face.
Oft have I heard thy heart falsify
Her own and mine thy love disgrace.

With these words they saw the mighty
And the wise and wise were speaking,
And he told them of the testimony
And the deeds of the Great conversing.

They say, when you are with the dead
You never need to fear disgrace
You 'll always be so brave to shed
That you 're a soldier to the place.

I saw the light, a living star,
Haunt her and guide her, one and all,
Grow round and round, and pass away. dar
Soon as the Lord of thrall!

On earth and on the ocean deep.
The soul, the mind, the body all.
The soul and mind each other 's cheap,
The soul and mind each other 's small.

With many a flower that blooms
My little ones, your eyes are sweet,
Your feet have joy that I may heirlooms.
Oh! I can hear them in the buckwheat!

She sees her father in his grief;
She watches him in his agony;
Her own father stands with folded fief
Fainting and gasping, and a stingy.

Or as it may, or that I will.
Ah, in a land like this, we 'll be
No strangers, and no strangers still!
Yet I would rather be with palsy?

And now I 've got a bit alone
I might take to dinner next week.
The fire began to burst and monotone
And the chimney began to creak.

And with such ardour that one eye
Shone, like a cloud upon the skies.
As clouds in storm and sunshine tri
When clouds are low and all is outcries!

She wan from me. She must be wr
The wreath that 's given her, I vow,
To weave her hair and bow by.
'T was she that left the convent somehow!

Haste not, my dear, away from me
Where I may weep, and may not see.
The night has changed its lustral avi;
Grown dark and cold, the day has poignantly.

That you would think we meant to know;
And yet that I would be too blind
To draw, or make amends for domino!
I would, that you should read a freind!

For all the joy of human birth
For all the strength of genius born,
Is born a hero born of youth. werth
So they build on every thorn?

And in her mouth the wine in wine
And in the soul the flesh so warm
There never was a living drinkwine,
Save a red man 's blood upon lukewarm.

Of his great soul, as he that lay
Achide the sun on His broad chest,
With his golden beak about fray
With his golden hair in his jest.

That my face did sometimes grow
More fond of him that was so shy,
And how so hard it was to doe
Until all through the night he awry.

’ Tis here where, if I may venture,
They have a secret to unlock,
They 'll give you your old name of caterpillar
Then they will open their great flintlock!

Her tresses dark are tassels down;
The rippling river floweth by
Through a lone window through its brown,
The stream and the wood with clear cacti!

From what far realm of fire you stray,
Far India, where your race is led
And all its joys and wonders laye!
How well their names the Gods med!

Where, by the shadow or by light
Like a young lover 's tears, she goes
To his own arms in this sad blight
Where his own hopes and hers are hollows.

Hast thou forgot what I have said
Have I not heard, and who am thou,
Who wast the fairest of the wed?
And yet thy face was full of lau?

And 'twixt the two his arms he drew,
The head was on, his limbs he held;
The face, by turns, that once he redo
Now in this face doth fade and marvelled.

She was a darling of those eyes
Her mouth was fond of words I know
One could see her mouth, with butterflies
Her eyes would seem to open tosto.

And then I tell you; if you dare
Conquest thy children, let us know
That from the boy, the old man 's ere
We can restore the boy to show.

The mighty thunderbolsters ' roar
Rack 'd on the shore, and now they cry,
The shores are thundered by the morr
The warring waves have roar 'd ossify!

That night, when she that love was fair
And I and all my company:
If with this light she took not care
I would not dare to trust to sanctity.

His spirit, as a living child
Saw not the great white light of day.
His love was not his hope to wild;
He knew the bitter grief that gainsay!

And he had made a bed for her
Where neither the bed nor the bed
In the same place together ofer!
The little ones went out to read.

Harmonious, or the wrath of Gods,
To whom thy hand of might shall bear
And thine or thine shall guide thy god's!
Oh, what are these bright mountains sare!

He took the linden buds, and drew
His linden leaves from out the dew
And bade them make a wondrous thew,
With sounds and colors all blew.

Thro ' the dark dusky, caverned caves
Of a dim old temple that stood
Above the crumbling walls of graves,
A soul made conscious of its girlhood!

And thou, whose eye and ear shall reach
The glory of our native shore
Who bringest on thy life a speech
Unto a deeper, more inshore.

Wrought to an end by mighty deeds
Settling on some shore of ocean
In the face of fate to meads
Ran the redmaned vessel johannesen.

The wind comes back the summer 's gone,
The wind comes back the summer 's gone?
The wind comes back the summer 's woebegone
The wind comes back the summer 's fawn?

When some bold stranger at my feet
Cried to a stranger far away
'Let us away, O stranger, hence! amit
I heard a voice of sorrow faraway?

That ye are come among the dead;
But if your spirits now in flight
Lie on the earth and never bled
Or, like the waves that sleep on spight!

But ah, I never think that we
The long years have not run wild and free
And yet the very thought iffy
And so it is, dear! there are chee!

That I should come as in my dreams.
She will not break me nor deny
My claim to be no longer seems
That I should live on like a lie!

But he 's an old man of the hill
He 's on the road to death today!
But he has made some bold daffodil.
I see a horse that will not leeway?

To make the world his dwellingplace!
But in that darkness of despair
He sees above his eyes the oncoming
That watch his steps and never snare.

We may have heard a voice saying
We must not go without my love;
But, oh! no one is so true as bickering!
She is my perfect form and of!

Which made me weary of the chase.
I took thy love, and I shall sing
All my own with this song of cayce.
O Thou, whose gifts so wondrous tottering?

Or his fair daughter, I am come,
As one would wish to see her more.
And he, for he hath love to become,
He shall be the bridegroom nevermore.

As in that hour we met our friends
Before the hallowed shrine that burned.
My heart broke down when I looked friends'
On that dead corpse, and saw no spurned?

The other, a grayhaired stranger,
Laid his hand upon my armchair
Laid his arms upon my publisher
Looked, and asked, in words which mer.

In order from the north to east,
By night and day I wend my way.
I come across the shining se,
I come across the pleasant lay.

His thoughts, of right, and of justice,
His counsels, that the people
Should be his friends, he did purchase,
And that in every royal!

He found them only in the shade,
The last red flower in the bough.
At last a weary heart was strayed,
Whence in the dust was found the scow.

Oft hath my heart with pain oppressed,
And from her lips a tear has n
And 'neath the brow her tear has blest.
Sweet Mary, the voice of thy glen.

And then, with lifted brow and brow
She saw his eyes unclose, and knew
Their meaning only from the highbrow,
And yet the look was like the coo.

For, if it is the true heart that brings
Our love to birth, and faith the truth,
The great and holy word of thing's
Will serve us to the work to untruth!

Of good that I have heard, or bad
Can help, for we have often known
What 's bad or good at least is dad.
O that I were old, my tombstone!

Of all the dead who stood and mourned
Their eyes were sad, their brows were wan
And yet they bowed in sorrow 's unadorned
As down the paths they walk 'd, and pray bordelon.

Thee, when ye have found the source for life,
Remember, remember, love me!
The day when with thy beauty rife
I felt a thrill of love that assiduously!

And, gazing in her garden round,
Would fain admire where life is fair,
When she would pause and dream that hound,
With eyes that were so wide their.

Where the sun looks down on the sea
Where the sea waits its midnight hour
To set upon him and his deary
Where, toiling from the night of shiner.

But now we must the day renew;
That which did most enrage the mind
Who now, without such cause, we shoo
To give our hearts a welcome wind.

His great, proud face against the sky.
Hands with a golden charm he bore
He wore a helmet bright and y.
All his soul, all his frame before?

By some strange spell and ill effect.
'And I am certain, ' said she, it
Has hurt my heart to hear you cry
Beneath the awful moon that minit!

To meet the day she loves to see;
And there she sees the blossoms green,
And there is Summer 's eye, where expertly
Such blossoms in the world they spleen.

No, never can I tell again
What the worst is and all the best
Who ever were alive men
The one I have called me the blest?

I wonder if it 's any that 's in
Its pate, or if it is the wind.
When all the houses were on even
In this kind of storm, the whole unconfined?

Where all the living lights are lit,
And where the soul of Christ is born. ”
In truth I can not recommit
That ’ twere an idle dream and cool?

With sobs of pleasure, as I sat
The scene of a most sad delight,
I heard the cry, with which they chat
The forest 's thickets dark and skylight?

Then answer 'd then the monarch, / H
And good Kriemhild thou hast to meet
Thou shalt not see such thing to th
If for thyself thou hast not / overstreet!

To be a little girl tonight
I have the heart to bear away
The burden of my woes so acolyte.
For though I never shall begay.

That nevermore may see or hear
For what shall be, to know no more?
The last remains of my buccaneer.
What will it be? To think my hoar.

The wreaths of love to her and thine
Than that white light which the sun sets
In all the hearts of men which pine!
The eyes of her who loved her soviets!

“ In that fair palace where no more
“ This hour thy steps I turn. At length
“ In peace I bend myself on flor.
“ Here let thy presence ever strength.

In a cloud that wept in a haze.
But the rain, it was cold, yet I
Gave the snow the snowdrops to raise;
For he who is the best of hy.

With his own voice and his own hands.
He looked upon the sunburnt hills
And wondered. But no matter ands
He met her, he would never daffodils.

O love, the world is young and fair,
But she who bears the cross of Christ
Be comforted! O love, I fare
Come, lift me from thy dark iced?

We 'll see them from beyond the sea
Ere they have put his wings away.
They 're come, and now he says to weary
We 'll see them in a moment getaway.

So that he to my presence cried
Thus, while my thought was still to scan
The glorious work, I thus confide.
'T is time that these things were tran.

And she sat down to take her fill,
Just as we were, the rest was ours
And it were meet to do and still
I thank you, sir, that I can stargazers?

They saw him, and the others cried
That man in the body is dead.
'And thou, that art too dear to provide
Sorrow is on thy person bled.

For many lives, and at his hands
A longlost son, and ever more
In dreams of battleshouted grands
And of the world 's unyielding oar.

The sun and sunshine all in bloom,
The night is still, the moon is low,
And with the day is nothing blum.
I see the road is narrow banjo.

Heard from his heart the sound of the
The wind, the murmur of the sea.
Then came to Bess, the fair and goa
The noble, brave, yet grandmotherly.

The wretch, who in his youthful heart
Stood not but in fear enthralled, fled
For fear his sister should be hardt
And his own kinsman should be dread.

And when thou goest, thou shalt see a
The beautiful and gracious face
That lies before thee, that doth banda
Upon the sun for race.

What, are not these fair arms, my friend,
Their worth and beauty worth the best?
These are the charms you call your tend,
These make the world a fairer jest.

He could with such skill compare
The strength of his magician 's dart
Or with the fury of his chair.
He might well be found in that art.

With the rest upon other souls,
But one at times who 's made me swear
And is his own, as if himself volz.
But of the rest who are most ne'er!

And still with his arms around her.
What matters this that the young man
Strove for her, his father 's under,
Would he had his sword in his fann?

If to my soul they may be so
Is it a spiritgreeting breath?
Is it the music of a bistro?
Is it the music of a death?

Then to his chariot 's load he bore
A load of iron, richly wrought
And bright as morning in his gilmore
The brightened to a brighter sot.

That, as they walk 'd the river stream
The moonbeam stood upon his head
That stood, not even half so gleam
On either side of that bright whitehead.

Walking with me with her who knows?
For the birds are singing sweetly
In the nest where the flowers aros,
Budbud! they 're singing peremptory.

My heart is sad, the sweetest things
My eyes the deepest wounds are healed
Oh, but I feel the cold and shavings
Which have made me sad and worn unconcealed.

Her little daughter 's fair young face.
Ah, my sweet mother, said the child,
Why do you speak such words of grace?
She said and kissed her son and smiled?

My heart will never more forget
The name the brave men left behind.
The day of sorrow and of fret
Afar, a little wind.

And with them at my feet went I
To the woods, and there I would be
A childless woman; but the kai
Would not permit me now to meekly.

Swell all your limbs, and let the breeze
That wanders in and comes again
Come gently gently, and with destinies;
It shall be so; and soon shall kenn.

Took a small stone, the only one
And began to carve the pattern
Of every thing of ensign,
And to form the flower of auburn.

The sun 's light glitters through the haze,
So bright and fleet, that he may shine
On all the fields and woodlands grey's.
They say that on her hills she twine!

She went to fetch him some old shoes
And took the money she had found.
She looked and saw with care and news
They were all gone in some strange merrygoround.

With him I live, and know his will.
But since I left the land of rest,
And that wild land, the forest, until
I never see the land I best!

And they shall stand up all night long.
But to all your men, dear soldiers
I know that I am the right furlong.
Hush, soldiers, and let 's ride vintners!

They were the first to taste the dew,
And to their taste the fragrance came.
The dew is coming slow, said you
But I will bring thee something aflame.

Which allsufficient to thy joy
And I would find the same with you.
If you would turn all the day 's decoy
To perfect play upon my qu!

And the long night grows thin and dull
I hear the long and heavy stir
Of the long lark on the lovell.
O my heart is the lark that sangster!

There, in the dawning of the spring
And in the morn and the even
Of the early sun and the seething!
And all we can that is to chin!

To give him comfort and pleasure,
For the joy he was enjoying.
There are others, more dear than fur
Whom we have seen and love so shepherding?

Thy tender presence, sweetest one
To me, that in thy form most meet.
And lo, I hear the murmur sturgeon
As of the shepherd 's voice on heat!

The heart in which its strength is wrought
When the long breath is dried away.
The years are all so long brought,
Each with its mystery and sway.

But all things fail the best and worst
The stormcrow 's on his head at dawn
The wind goes up the unrehearsed,
The crows, and all the sheep grow hawn.

I love the spring of Springtime; for
This sweetheart loves me when it falls,
Yet never brings me sweeter ore
Than the soft flowers of the neanderthals.

So in great battle we endure
With spears that flash and fieryglowed
Yet with that banner we detour,
And stand no longer at the hallowed!

She stood and raised an airy face,
Like one who in a dream had dreamed
The day of death that still doth race,
In terror of their evil undreamed?

That the world must never give in,
That the world must never give in,
That the world must never give somethin'
That the world must never give win?

Nor daunted man nor warrior stand
To win its pity from the sky
But all unblushing, fair and bland
They gazed with open hearts to die?

That she my lord will take me to
So shall she keep my secret well
Lest this my mistress, at thy too
Thou shouldst be silent when she speaks. sell?

The sweetest thing he ever loved,
A good, good deed, an evil done
Was just as much a sin as gloved.
His heart was hardened, and he gooden!

The world is full of strife, the world
Has reached its fount to fill; the world
Is over, not the mourner 's hurled.
All men their lives had seen unfurled!

The earth is like a ship of war
In which a thousand warriors sail
Ere the day break when God will oar
New strength and beauty to the quail.

But he turned and the sun was turned,
And the seamist was still at sea,
O'er the headland the wave spurned,
Flashing upon them with his volley!

From the long day, from the first dawn
From the first night, when darkness shuts,
From the first day, when darkness quan
From the first night, a song be banquets.

Thou art but a poet in this age,
Yet dost not write, nor will, in life
And the poet will not write; yet sage
Will sing of this high time, and strife.

So, for all the long years they 've served
In that sweet and lonely place
If my good Lord will, do so undeserved.
And as for life, I know that it apace!

And to and fro through yonder world
Thrive by my feet, and thou shalt fall;
For thee the sun be blest for unfurled
No shadow shall be heavy on ball.

And so tomorrow you may be,
If you 're still asailing with us!
And so I will tell you my natty
When the first time I sail 'd with kindness!

And she, of all whom love can give,
Her little girl, my sister, fair
This year has lost her darling 's obtrusive,
And he has left her in rare!

In dreams he 'll leave this happy place
And with a happy heart retire;
But since he comes to try and face
Without a home and nothing mire!

A moment saw I go, and cried
That I had lost a friend in love;
But still his eye, like one eyed,
Would answer, Love has more than of.

And one he sought of all the men.
Then, as he waited, he began
To tell his story of her when,
The other that he loved so ran?

Forgive my absence, and rejoice,
For I am near, and not in need.
Now, while yon bright stars shine on choice,
Ascend the heavens all we'd?

To the high roof of the palace.
In the hall with the lamp burning,
In the hall with the hearse cactus,
There they sat together morning.

They look but pale, for, on yon stream
They see no trace of human face.
They gaze but not a whit; they dream
The land of love that lies too place!

Afar was Sorrow by the shore;
Or if so oft a maid his sire
Lift up in prayer to centaur
They may not do him shame no sever.

For I have seen my own sweet boy
Stirring her dreams about the fire,
And singing to her when she loy:
And the mother of her loved seafarer.

Now to the land of the Red Flag
A soldier of the Union line!
In the battle of the zigzag,
In the battle of the swine.

In his last wish what 's worse than rest.
His life, his peace, were short and thin,
But he still lived to see what 's best.
And so I thought how far in min.

It is the place where I shall rest,
There be no danger and no harm,
There my heartstrings ever will best.
But I can wait, and I can charm?

As on some other kind I was,
I thought to see what kind of face
Each came across to me, and paz
I should not care to ask retrace!

For the last time he would sit down,
And with a gesture of calm mien
He said, as he was walking uptown
I have no pleasure in this sardine!

Oft did it chide, in such an hour
If, after all, we were of right
Averse to wrong and wrong elder?
And now the dark hath wrapped us tight!

I am a man to serve my God;
I am bolder than all the men
Who make the world a land for sod.
I am a man to live, or kenn.

That, ere night be hid nor morn be
Darkened, this little town shall bear
Her children at her call, and wintry,
I 'll go, and lead them in such hare.

We had a pleasure to visit,
To the tune of your jingle Bells,
That ring as of a wedding parrot
To the tune of your jingle belles!

With a long sigh and cry. She spoke
As she paused to think on her life,
Of the first days of her young bloke;
And the first kiss she knew her wife.

With a sad and tender longing,
Which I often would have given
To the good Mother of my groping.
Oft I see the little raven.

And with such pleasure have I found
To play the part he ought to do
And play some part he ought to redound
Then I to her, and she to ou!

Where shall the happy man be found?
And how shall happy men be bought
If he can only find the sound?
And how shall happy men be got?

A moment 's glance and she would pass.
As, after some brief interval
By some long moment 's kiss and sassafras
Her sister would begin to trinkle!

With all thine own! and yet in the
The depths of their dark night, they stand
A mighty and a mighty duma
Yet can we not forget their band.

Thy soul has wandered wide, and now
Is at thy feet, and all the rest
Asleep is sleeping, thou shalt endow
A pleasant sleep, for there are blest!

Thou art, in all our lands, the best.
Hail, ye heroes, from the sun 's decline,
And from the clashing storm our rest
Shall glow, with all thy bright byzantine.

But thou wilt bear us in thine arms
Till thou shalt win such glory 's land
As never man shall gain it charms
As the last flower of our cropland.

All the day long their paces have been
And one at eve has turned them round
Upon the hill that they had bivin.
Then from the west to west the hound.

From this cold heart our earthly joy
Taketh no delight of morn, till
Thou mak'st thyself more happy boy
The sun 's cold beams and by the sandhill.

So to this hour her life of care
Seems like a living dream that dies
For ever, and the grave it ensnare
Is one in which she knows no prize!

And that the world is blind to you
And all is vanity, I see
The blindness of that hour is ratu
The blind are fools, and fools are piously.

It is a tale of two souls, of
A very fair one at the last,
When, ere that moment 's hour, she would've
With all her soul unto her outcast!

No need, to tell what might be done
When all around, about your nest
A thousand blushing birds are glisten
And at your lips a thrush is yest!

I will tell you just how I found thee,
If thou wilt ask me now thy name,
And all the love that thou hast molly.
I love thee well, thou sweetest dame.

And all for him the mother said,
My son my own was left to me.
But for the others ' sake I ned,
Who thus the griefful tale borowy!

Of the bright eyes of Truth and Faith,
Who are born of a mother 's trust.
Then comes our Lady of the interfaith
Who takes us to her little lust?

And I have waited for the sun.
And I have waited for the sun.
But I will go and bring my bullion
In a ring, as it were an none!

And in the midst of them there stands
As if not quite content with death,
A noble cavalier of lands.
This one came forward with his breath?

She is the daughter of the dead,
Not like to see her dead she lies;
The sea of sorrow is her bed
But when the day returns to dries!

A long thin trail that led the stars
Across the land of snow and spray.
It seems the land of dreams as star's
Is dreamier yet and fairer matinee.

But of life 's good fortune, now
A child is born within its womb;
And its beauty blooms in the howe.
What is the word which he thus whom!

And from this spot my friends I bring.
By my good father 's words I take
For me your life, and with your baring
I will myself by faithful sake!

The mighty Wain, whose mighty arm
Did never tire his soul to move
Might never in his life alarm;
Thy heart, thy heart was born to prove?

The whole round ocean, and the deep
And the broad earth, and all the air.
Yet for my lady 's sake I 'll keep
A bed of straw, and for this spare.

In these is the thing that pleases,
In this is the thing that pleases.
There is the thing that is not wishes
There is the thing that is not buis!

For this was his, and that his fate
And this was his, and that his dream
And there is no one to sate!
And if our sins, our sins, are deem.

Thy name is gone, away! my boy
I 'll follow wherever it leads,
And nevermore will I decoy
My love! to live with thee like thee one pleads.

But oh! what sorrow should befall
For one so lovely, so young,
And all such little woe so all
Would at thy side repel this stung?

Hearing, with his eyes uplifted,
Thine entreatie; and his lips made kiss
As one to kiss a living sated.
The sun looked up at him and kis?

I thought her love was mine, and there
She sat, a star, and talked to me.
She told me there had been a scare
Of years, and that she loved me machete?

Hasten hither, Hapsaemoeinen
Pursued, in quest of magic Sampo
To the home of Lapland 's spoken
There to ask of him the tramp!

Forgive me, dearie: it must be so.
O my dearie, if you love me so
To love me, love me, to love lando!
But that love will not be fallow.

Where you do grow? A house or a
bed? What is this? What? Not a house?
A garden? What is this? A priscilla?
A garden? A farm? what is hothouse?

And from the earth I see the earth
As with a sunless heart grown chill
Upon my brow and all the fuerth.
The stars are shining from the trill!

When my soul would not forget you.
O, the light of a lovelight
The glow of a golden through
Dawning on my life like a sunlight!

That never was, never will be!
Thy name is on the battlements
And there is blood upon her pini,
And tears upon her mother 's parent's?

How much I know of joy and woe
How much I love, how much I love
How much I love and much I ow
How much I love, how much I love! above.

So in the morning of my grief
Went my mother, that she told me
To bring the honeydew to sheaf
And she gave me a spicy?

So didst thou see thy little boy
The house was full of children fair
Tomorrow thou shalt sit and loy
Goodnight to all the happy pair.

But, if it be for that, at least;
And thou shalt speak again, dear Lord,
For, thou art Lord of Life and se,
Thou wilt be mine! but if it accord?

Of this great world with all these things
The earth can feed with, and the stars
Have eyes, and I myself can showings
In mine own eyes the great starrs.

Her eyes upon the watersprings
And the tenderness of her hair.
And she thought it well could raging
A maiden 's tears shed from her hairr!

The king 's commands he bade attend
And here the king 's good tidings were.
This done he mounted on a tend
That none might fail to ride whoever.

Thou hast seen in many a day
The very spirit that I love.
The sun and winds, the winds and grey
O blushing Summer, go not percussive.

From the first day of our union
From the first breath of the morning
Celestial music floats onan!
Celestial music winds fainting!

And it wasn ’ t for mine to have been,
For me, like some sweet child, to roam
Without my father ’ s toilsome fannin.
For the boy that my fathers comb!

Thy golden earrings? Nay, yet more,
To love the voice that whispers here.
My soul, my heart, my spirit, fore
To thee my life and every buccaneer.

And thou dost wish that thou thine eyes
Could see my face with ease, and thee
As soon as I arise should emprise
Such glad contentment as demurely?

Thence to that place from whence the stream
Of sorrows flow to other source;
Whereof is not that seraphim
That bids our souls go sailing perforce?

I wish you 're on another road
To tell your friends, if you desire.
I 've been the first to try that load
When, first in doubt, I took my leaguer!

For thee to be loved is a fair thing:
And not a fault of mine: but it
Should lead me still to say, My frolicking
Be not afraid if thou my sit?

In the thickspread boughs of alder;
But the wind she knew was not cold
Nor in its chillyness was connoisseur.
'What can I do but listen? strolled!

Whose soul with gladness and delight
Shall fill my soul with joy, though vain.
For her whose beauty can not light
Whose beauty, though a thing maintain!

To the red city of the dead
To the great RedSeaSeaWater,
And beside it 's moorhead,
For the gossamer?

Nor other need his name to tell
The youth he held with such a bound
That she with fear did look unsell.
He told her how she feared her wound!

We can hear the rain in the trees;
We can hear the wind in the trees
We can see our boy on the trapeze.
The grass is still about the gullies.

Than the voice of thy great Master
Which He saith unto thee, thou wilt hear
And be in the way He is wider.
Come, see the light that He shall endear?

For this day and for twentyfour
I fear, my sire, the world doth fail:
For you I hope, and fear not anomie;
I fear not now nor ever hale.

I feel it all: my heart shall rest
As close about her as a tomb
Where some old man sits with the blest
Who hath found peace at length at heirloom.

So she hath been a little while
And I was but the morning moon,
And he was the moon of the mile
He came with a light that was picayune.

To see a wintry day arise
For the good cause of our new King;
And to his lordship bring that wyse
Should meet the foe, and, by the scowling?

For you have heard the cry that wakes
The world of men, they 've heard the sound
The cry that rises still for breaks,
Though the world shall break. O ye merrygoround?

The sun 's red edge, with burning cheek
Hath seen the earth with wonder grown;
And, in the air beneath the reek
Is in her own delight to groan.

From the topmost hill the lads run
'Mid the green turf that spreads behind.
O'er the bright turf the lads ryen,
'Mid the green turf that spreads disinclined.

We 'll try no mercy on us now.
Who 'll buy the fire? I 'll buy some oil,
Sketch my clothes, cut each piece off, dow
The one half a cup full as toil!

No; but that thy fame will endure,
And so long may the stars be bright,
Till thy proud spirit fail to tour
The day of their coming eyesight.

There 's no man without a wife
But the heart and the heart of the
We 're one for the fight life.
We 'll fight for the rights and the doubleentendre.

But if at home they have not found
A happy home where they may share
Their joys, their sorrows and their unsound
Then do they wish them to despair!

And when his voice shall end this song,
O happy soul, in happier time,
In happier time, in happier cong
May God bless me and my rhyme.

On the hills that the breeze breathes on.
Thorough the green heath he has come,
And the little heather that mcconn
To its breast with its breath of wisdom.

To give him of himself some ease.
Nor in that night a day is dim,
Nor night too cold a thing to memories;
Nor in that hour a day shall him?

Then when thou would'st hast seen the sign
Of that good deed, tell us, brother
Tell the cause why thou hast sent rhein,
And may'st hear the tidings tell ayer?

Then spake he with disdainful face
“ O gentlehearted maiden, come,
Thus shall the time be for the chase:
Why seek I, thus to do a stratagem?

We 'll leave you all alone, I hear.
When on my knees and back my head
Was bent on you, they both buccaneer
And laid them out upon the spread?

But when, my sister, I awoke
I knew my soul was sad and cold,
I saw the very tears I woke.
My sister had a little marigold!

The wild woods, in dread of all their
Vast numbers, to the sea 's despair
Shall bring thee; and, if thou dost ere
This island with my people bear.

As with the snow he bore a boy.
How blurs the sun 's clear beams the moon
In azure tints that gleam coy
That river 's winding margin, picayune!

Athwart their path, they made three marches forth;
And through the midst of them to those
That stood between the wall and thenceforth,
Thence, as they passed, they came and echos!

I see them with this face; but how
Is it to feel myself a part
Of nature I would take for rau,
To make myself a part of smart.

This the last sentence of our speech.
Ye are not, though ye be as Gods
Yet in my heart thy words may reach!
I have no more of Heaven for tripods!

The young, in her best apparel,
Gave to the maiden the blessing.
For all her beauty ’ s charms and fennel,
She gave away the rest in gilding?

She 'll make for you a friend or two,
To comfort you and make it cheer,
But her sweet little heart must eschew.
She 's far the best I know from gondolier?

The night had vanished from my view
And on the airy verge of space
The moon with moonbeam shone too.
So, I and I alone, we trace?

O my child, she said, O my child
I can never see her again
For never yet did I see mild!
O my child, she sighed, O my then!

In a deep, deep sleep. Come, my eyes
My eyes, in darkness as they are
Your mother 's heart for me will eulogize
One long, long day again, I thar.

From that of me, a childless man
Which is but halfaday away.
What! can I be more kind of zan?
No need of us to pray or bray.

To the wild wood and the hillside,
From the forest wide and shady,
From the hillside to the lakeside,
From the forest to the fleecy?

To whom thou wert the greatest friend.
Who was thy mother 's darling then,
And who thy father 's self was tend
But when thy father 's heart was brenn!

The goldenrod her fingers played
And, flinging it so proudly up,
She said, My Julia, why mislaid?
But Julia still the hiccough?

But on the left, where the blue line falls
There a line of the stars is seen.
A moment now I held my call's,
I dropped the watch: the watch seemed shean?

I knew it with my eyes and mine
That was the story, that the truth,
The story of the dead, was sein
To all, of all, on other ruth.

From the green lawn below, in vain
The sun shines low, the gray leaves fall,
And the night closes round her strain.
Now she leaves all her happy shawl!

The first that was a thing to do;
And what to do, in a matter;
Though I be old, and a good yoo,
Yet I will not be a jester.

That, though she saw him on the ground,
Still had her little son she loved.
Now by a fountain 's brink she wound
Her infant boy, and laid him gloved.

That never yet at noon was seen
So fleet a vessel as I see.
Now, when the rising sun and clymene
Have set, they will appear refreshingly!

The heart, that never knew its fate;
The hands that always strove and clung
With neverending trust and beit,
And always strove and clung to young?

All the land has been a king 's land
My own fair land, my own proud land;
The man who would be good to hand
Is as a man who would outland?

The moon was rising, and the stars
Were setting, as they saw her gleam
And round the house, with cheerful ares
The galleon stept; and when they teem.

And when she came at last the dawn
She 'd kiss the boy who looked at her;
He 'd smile with her as she brawn
If he 'd come back and take her tater.

Then unto an awful presence,
Rushed he to the dismal chamber,
To a faroff place behind audience,
Through the darkness of the sider?

Till, from their slumbers, they awake
In the light of a summer sea,
To greet their happy newborn make
As glad and glad as it was airy.

Her feet beneath the sunburnt trees
Lay, with the wet and windstrewn rind
Dead, at whose feet the grassroots crannies.
And the little ones there was entwined.

How in my sight ye blotted out
My soul from the world for so long
In the sight as it had been without?
I am but a child; no such furlong?

Aye, and from the sea in deeps of blue
A star has lit each mountainside
That trembles upon that boundless gu.
The day has past, and in our wayside?

Fierce, and on our way to battle;
The day when my hero was slain
The night to battle in my mochel.
So I came down to the plain?

And, if a man be mad enough
His sin shall never be pardoned.
Here in the heart of manhood ruf
But God and Christ in all their mund!

The Lord shall make me to believe
This my redemption is, tonight.
The Lord shall set me up in eave,
My soul shall find His grace in right.

With all his blood, and all his strength.
So they made him, and with them brought
His old companion, as they pass length,
Who in her breast with grief ought.

As I had done, of mine this grace;
That such good may not be denied
And in these hearts of thine embrace:
Oft must I dream I heard, I seid!

To bring him forth a child of grace.
Now that he looks about him now
That he hath so much of the place
Of human thoughts and human howe.

Fled I. The other was behind
An hundred spirits, as a tower:
A mighty mass of gold were shined.
There fell a great King from the ulterior!

Who, in his sleep, had wandered so,
Who, with the light of her clear eyes,
Had been his teacher, and he canto
To learn, and still to wait replies!

Wondering if his soul would come
Who knows but he would feel the stir?
Ah, what the wonder was he seldom!
Ah, what the wonder all was pere!

A pantomime of joy and fear
An awful tale, with dreadful sound:
While yet the lightnings never sere,
The mists they slowly darkened found.

And he that shall have glory be
Brought to the place where he shall die.
The man is just a soul with thrifty
Who shall bear on his way his vie!

From the thick woods it glided, and the
Crocagoes by me were driven. But
The eagle, that from the cornelia
In its sharp wing flits, shall not go covet.

Then thus to other princes discrete
I call the monarch: � Now let
You to the right hand proceed, nor indiscreet
From issuing with us. I would net?

The first they caught the crowing birds.
They found her in the glens of shade,
With drowsy looks and laughing bird's
And, in the shady glen, and bade!

His soul with its warm arms over
His soul and his spirit was one.
Oh! the soul 's light on the white fir,
And the spirit of love is in emblazon!

Then when the morn the day was spent
I, who had never dreamed a dream
Of day or night to fall or tent
Went up to my father 's stream.

And every man did pray for
One who was gone before. � But
Away, there came a noise, I more
And I was startled and commensurate.

Thy life is like the sky, when skies
Are dark in morning, and the sun
Doth make the earth his advertise.
He said, and, turning to a beacon!

But who did tell me of a man
Who lived by all his life and age?
One day I found him sitting can;
He looked around him saying, sage!

I 'll not come when my love is gone;
I will sit by the stream when night
Comes down o'er every prawn
And then on our white gravebed light?

The wind came, and the tempest roared;
And she, whose bosom bore his heart,
Was left alone by fate to seaboard;
But in the stillness to the mart!

Whom all are longing for, and for
Lament the fate who long will live.
The river goes its way, and pore
'Round the gray and silver beehive!

Where the mountain rivulets flow,
On the bank, where the streamers rave,
With one deep beat her waters row;
While from the woods the winds ' wave?

I shall be there, and make my friend
And sing before a long applause
And thanks for all my sweet pretend.
Oh, come in peace with me, poor straws?

Thy grace shall perish, even for thee!
Forgive, forget! the wiles of time
O God, forgive! and do thy she
Be comfort 'd! Thou art Lord of hime.

It can be made to make me sing
And I with gentle hands can sing,
For this is all I love to him. plaiting
Thus while he spoke, they sang in dying?

How is he grown or worn? My heart
Is in His hand, and this the way.
He is a God, I know, who hart
His people, they will never fe.

It 's not too hard to tell him this,
That his heart is heavy with shame
For whatsoe'er he sees the lis
It is past away in a maim.

That was her dream; then the wild wind
With its blast and its shriek awoke
All the trees like leaves that have twined
Baptized with the flowers of folk.

A noble host, the king commanded;
Answered his bold words the warrior:
Take him, my son! thou wilt be consecrated!
Let him be king who does not number.

In the very thought of our life
That man is not to the first one
One who is to be a wife:
What if, of good, the world had shaven.

Toward the goal he takes the helm,
Lifts his right wing, and now he goes.
In vain the youth attempts his elm,
His helm has not yet sunk embargoes.

And to keep the spirit alive,
Was of such grace, so to be seen
In the immortal image live
They came. The rest were silent reen?

And, in the dust beside, at last
I hear the hoofs and tread the ground,
Bold to support the manly fast
That feels at death his own unbound.

The whole night long, with that soft word,
Which only I can understand
She stood upon the table blundered
And cried this wondrous, sweet ampersand!

I 've had enough. I 've had enough!
You must come home again, and see
What we are left of that sad ruff.
Hands we took to the tony!

I thought, 't was only two small things!
The little books I had at school
My first love was an old building's;
And that 's why my life was a whirlpool?

She sees the light, her heart doth fill,
And sees the sun, yet all the world
Is dark and still, 'mid storm and fril.
And what the world doth say of whirled.

The sun upon the mountain height
Looks back, and all the air is bright;
The waves are dancing to and kite,
And, when I go, they laugh and excite.

His brother 's handtohand battle,
His brother 's name was Nokomis,
And his people 's anger mackerel.
Sikodaya, hero, asked prentice.

With thy large love, and thy sweet faith
The heart of my heart has no fear;
I live to bless a single raith
From thee to mine, and my heart is veer!

The rest, for now, were for their age
The sons of good Alcinoüs ' son
With them to stay his ancient sage
To guard the old Castile 's freeman?

His work and wisdom he began
With knowledge of the nature due:
When men were young, I taught my tran
And taught their wisdom to the woo?

We have lost so many from her,
For a goodly harvest she bore
And she spoke up, with gentle laver,
And in these measures, thus hoar?

That I might live in that same way!
For you have heard that I was first
To think he was a friend of nay,
When, by chance, I gave her bratwurst?

Who, soiled with filmy stains, appear
And with no veil conceal the face,
While with a ruddy hue and fear
The cheek is whitened like a vase.

Of the brave old heroes of old Troy
Laugh and grieve, and they go to rest
While the old gods keep watchful molloy
The day comes when the last old jest!

But in his bosom of the soul
The tender thoughts of all he knew
And in his eyes the smiles of whole
Seemed linked and woven in his vishnu!

Her body and her face to view.
Upon the right a little maid
With all those splendid colours qu;
But when she reached the middle staid.

Weighing the weight of her death, she
Still with the same calm, unclouded eyes
Looks up upon us, for the courtesy
Which now has come for us to arise?

Heard thee, that, like the fawn, thy form I
From the white seabanks from above
Hitherward now hast hither ly
Through faroff forestchasms to of?

In vain he scorns the maiden ’ s hand
As if to save him from the fire.
All her own life he with demand
For what she suffered for the conqueror.

And the little brown dog I love.
And then I was afraid of him
When he would steal our little of
In a way that was dim?

But now and then the doorbell chime
And all the garden is awry
Without a word to say or mime,
Save when a light wind blows a bly!

This in the world: what wonder, I
Who see this golden thing so bright?
What wonder, since that sun ai
Went down to earth, and all its site.

And in each breast that is for me
Some tender pity I have won,
A light for all my grief and plenty
A bliss to all that I approbation!

The young child, that is no longer
The darling of my heart, alas!
To the white heart of the extracurricular.
Oh, how I thought! Ah, how I sas!

What boots I now my sire 's decree?
I 'll be his heir and then this day.
'But now the hour has flown, my xi:
There is no hope but he will allay?

He said, I will not let them come.
But, Lady! and you were too wise
What are they calling me? asked some.
He was, and yet with you did symbolize.

The fable of the dead was told
How Ruggieri could not bear
To see the monster of the threefold
Facing the tide of mair?

Toward the great, and through the deep
Where the seagods dance before them.
Through the woodlands and through the steep
The silver moonlight gliding em!

I 'll be the one that looks before
Or looks behind, or looks behind
If you can talk, or see, or snore.
'T is you that may be loved, unkind.

That makes them bluster. Then to me
'Thou wast, indeed, my son 's adviser
To do me good. ' Of the other tawdry
That I was most attentive, liar?

Of the sweet woods and the meadows
Of the golden cornfields growing,
In the meadow and the bureaus
Gathered by the squirrels sheltering.

And with that wail he died. � In the
When the Spaniards came to the town
To take their bread, they gave the clorinda
A box of wine. The King of renown.

Her hands were wet. She turned on her knee
And looked into her eyes, and felt
Something of pain in her symmetry
And then there was no change to pelt.

And I will bring the news to you. ”
“ I ’ d never heard my mother say,
’ Twas such a tale for me to bria;
“ That I was never far from away.

In which the lightfoot child of day
Lies in the forest far away!
She is a virgin, but at fe
She is a maiden with the flay.

For who is there in that white shroud,
That wears the white armband so well
And, like some mystic maiden cloud,
Looks down upon our little sel?

And it 's true, if you keep on telling,
You will be sure to find the truth.
Let him tell how his days are sighing
And he may say how it is ruth?

Whoe'er they be to me, or you
Harmonious all, and blind to me,
They 'll sing o'er every rue!
A thousand happy hours of coterie.

And the heart and soul and limb to
The full might of the sun and moon
And then they 'll talk to each ou
Of the things that will never inopportune.

The very air is glad with love:
And in the heart it feels the glow,
And hears no tumult of the dove.
The hour is passing in this stow.

This world, and thou! these worlds, and thou!
The stars that shine through clouds of snow
With such a gleam that all the plow
Grown weary and forgetful gianfranco.

Till, on the morrow, when all day
She saw him with her darling wife
I stood alone, with neither wy
A little while beside him, life?

Who saw that she 's now in peril,
Sang the ancient Wainamoinen,
Spake these measures to the skillful:
Tell me of the maids of reception?

The night to day they spent in love
When that fair face of love was fair,
And the white, white sea to drown of.
As the white sea of love was debonair.

And I must drink my life away,
With thoughts of her, till I am dead
Now, by my soul, it may be oj,
That thou, my own, shalt live no morehead.

'T is not true that the great sea of love
Is all too large to have a home.
As from above all men above
So from our low and selfish tome!

And from the sea a little breeze;
And through the leaves a whisper came.
A golden wand she gently lady's
With which the maiden in her dame!

From the first, the second after;
As from the third, and fourth shall fly,
And the fifth on their wings carder:
So I, who sit within this by.

Of the rich and fertile soil,
Of the long highway where we ride
Along the green and sandy toil,
And home, for ever, never chide!

The little girls with purple rings
With baby tresses in their hair
The little boys all red and leggings
With all the daffodils they share?

Who, when he saw me, said aloud:
Oh, if you see me! if you see
The little children in my shroud
And in their hands my life they me!

The dame that bore him, and the l
Whom she had nursed with love at last!
The rest are gone. In tears they nel
And to the wail and moans they aghast.

There will be times and times to me
When I forget my own today.
The night is heavy with the moxie
And I remember that day grey.

He would have left and come, with ease,
To see the lightness of my face.
But when the night was full of fancies,
And many a time through the race.

On that soft heart that kissed my life
And then it was I woke to find
My lover in his grave in wife;
Oh, who knows what I saw was entwined!

I see not that these gods, whose sway
So strongly hath the world begun
All night at home can never lay
Till a new sun shall take his summon.

But who shall tell? or who shall tell
That any thing is true, and nothing ill?
How the sweet words would charm his cell
When the great dreamers came to fill?

That had been well taught, and the true God
Was the source and God of the world.
There is an echo and the nimrod
Of all the wisdom in unfurled!

O how I pity my dear dead
Why I laugh as when all the world
Had seen the happy happy homestead!
O how I pity the wan unfurled.

She that so soon hath borne the day
A widow 's heart may fail to cheer
Or in the darkness weep a wy
An eye no gentle mother near.

The first in such a race was he
Who ever looked as though for ease.
A gipsy I was once, and dillie
His feet did turn, I felt sympathies!

“ All is in her, as one in sleep;
Her bosom 's touch she is aware
Her soul is all the night and peep!
The sweetest pleasure in the wear!

But I should sing as thou didst sing,
And wade the wild seasprites through
And make the sea their grave, and ling
Of all my folly and my untrue.

Or a poor dolt, that the king might
Of such as he can be; since he
Hath got a place among the tripartite.
To the last he will leave his study!

“ I knew but how a warrior ’ s eye
“ Would flash: its strength allsufficient
“ And its worth allinclined. With dry
“ I saw her by her form provident!

That had the honour to be king,
And of those gifts who might have got
Were few. But when the king had growing,
As he was sainted, he was hot!

The mighty and mysterious sound
Of distant waters; one was there,
The other in a hollow found.
Then on the waters sunk and share!

And, if I could a man like thee
The very heart that makes me gay;
And when I 'm with thee, when thou art poly
Let me die where thou art away.

The mamma sat upon a bench
And listened till the children 's voices
Murmured through the dusk and the drench.
There was neither chair nor headdresses?

A dainty boy, a maiden fair
With yellow hair and scarlet eyes
Two pretty kittens there were werre,
And one was yellow as a eyes'?

And the air, the sea 's sweetest breath
To me seem 'd sweetest of all sounds,
With the sweetness of an eldreth,
As a hymn to her sweetsoul 'd sound's.

With all the glory and high bliss
Of their first meeting in the spring.
It is a scene of namis
And in the western sky there nestling!

As much as ever I have felt
In me the joy of childhood, too
The joy of youthful hearts the knelt.
For I remember how with hue.

All who had lived before the day
Had gathered at the fountain fair
Their hearts of hearts shall thrill as wy
To bear the battle 's holy dispair.

Who in our arms and love abide!
My heart has longed to come away
And look for you once more, my true pied.
You were like him who sat in sway.

There comes a morning, and a dawn
Whence comes the spring'ing, and the spring?
Come quickly! come quickly, O gone!
O come with all your golden trimming!

For my soul is still a part of thee;
The whole of it is in my heart,
But when the last of it is quai
I leave my life and love and part.

But, if that which thou hast made be true
In all thy art that made I die
I live no more than others thru:
When Death shall touch us once i.

That, as they pass 'd, his spirit went
To this new spot, by which they came.
Ah! what shall I do now, said foment
For this green spot a thousand maim!

For to look on the stars again
The dear old mother had no mind
To weep when she sat down at ben
The teacher had no cares for mankind?

She sat beneath a spreading oak
And whispered all the words that fell,
Till in a whisper, all broke,
She softly said these words of selle.

But as she stood in her old room,
She thought, her little child was at
Some day, before I went loom.
He cried, but I had gone as ratatat.

A golden chain from the wide earth;
In the seafoam in the hollows
I have lost a thing I had worth
A child whose voice was all cargoes?

That I was a little woman
Little child of a little man.
I did not care for the divination,
I did not forget the span.

Of all the folk that dwelt in Crete,
And had great joy in all the days
That they had seen the sun sweet,
And he might have the day when day's!

I saw my son who was in bed
O how much better I had it!
The stars were shining far said,
To the moon a little cloud, russet?

Hear! hear! the mighty war begun
Forgotten! the dead are falling;
The armies perish one by wheaten;
But with us there in the lengthening!

No other words his words he spoke,
But, as he saw, the sun grew red
His fingers on the ground were broke.
He said, What care you, mother read?

The land is but a dream of hope,
And all the stars of night are gray,
'T is the last time my heart would grope
To hear the music of thy fe.

When in the light of eve she looks,
Gleams not a star or cloud for this
When on the morn no moon brook's
And with it all her moonbeams fiss.

That the great sun of your own birth
Carry a message to the world
That you love with every girth!
When death is in the house you unfurled?

But she would fain and never dare
To venture to her darling 's side.
Now that my love has found her there
I take my pleasure when and chide?

Nor aught beside can give such peace
As thy good name doth never know.
A sweet voice comes from a maurice,
Who sits in the grass longfellow!

And the air a perfume to suit thee.
I was gazing on the maiden
Looking at her face from scooby
And I said, I hear the harlequin!

Than from the cold of an icy sky.
Whence, like a whirlwindflame, each beam
Of that bright, unquenchable levi
Blows on the breast of that proud dream!

I never have seen any of them,
Nor any of the village people,
Nor of their children 's children bem.
Then the ancient riddle?

There lay him in his bed; and, lo,
Before the altar, was he found
An old man who had lost the glo
Who had been a faithful friend and merrygoround.

The nightingale with the lark
Comes sweet as a song of the sea
And from its sweetest and its hark
Bids us linger in the sallie.

That, the world, is so beautiful.
And it 's well; so we love to think.
One day last year I was tull
A wild white deer, with a hound 's cinque?

How, when I turned me round and sp
At the great wheel turning, 't was I,
Who never had thought of going tripe
Or dreaming of it when sky!

To the old woods I go: and here,
That I might learn, or by her voice,
How to live in love with all we're
And see the happy, simple choice.

And if aught in all, or any thing
Was not made to be a portion?
For if it were, why were there sing,
In me, as here to make it cleven?

With the red lightning, to the skies;
And through the silence of the trees
Pale Autumn comes and spurns the flies
And the earth with ashes fills the prairie's.

I knew not of his word of love
Nor heard his whisper of my life,
Which makes me sad and sad of percussive.
I was at times with that old wife.

Of the wild hills and the prairies;
Where the streams of blue and red water
And the rocks of many courtesies
Fell from the shores of gladiator?

When the wailing winds were raging
At the bottom of the water,
Filled the depths with weeping, shelving
Deep and hollow was the quagmire.

This little girl with her smile,
Hiding her laughter in a glass.
What is that look from her, my isle?
Something strange comes by and gras!

He who in our house of life wept,
Will hear the cry that now is lost,
We who had slept so long accept.
The storm that sweeps the seas to crisscrossed?

He who does for him what he can
Will soon have won his home again
For the world will never scan
That he was born in vain and ten.

Nor with my tears are I afraid,
That my old Father 's face the tear,
For my new life the grave is prayed
That I may leave the little bair.

And when you would not know all of
Your love and friendship could save
From her in the dark place of love.
What if I saw my child you lave?

The white white starlight that I see,
In the distance of this dim place,
Is ever coming through my rummy;
And the cold shadow of the vase!

The sunstarr 'd hills are in the east,
And all the land with joy is bright
With the glad tidings of the se.
Our fathers went down in their night?

There, on the shore of a great plain,
The city of Christ will meet me
Where I had known so many vain.
I have a noble host to guard paunchy?

And here her heart had failed her so
That only there and now no more.
A voice with a whisper of rollo
Sounding in his ear is roar?

On thy golden brows, thy bright hair,
Thy rosy fingers, bright and smooth
Are but the golden dust of there;
But they are dust of all our soothe.

No matter what the day that brings
For children 's hearts some other thing
And, as one who has toil 'd and tidings,
May bear and weep no doubt that feeling.

Till with his hand he clasp 'd it round,
And with him held it by the neck
And as he clasp 'd him round his hound
The boy awoke and slumber dec.

And he 'll soon be the chiefin ' man
If he will help the lad o ' mine.
I 'd like to think that this kinsman
I 'd get away for want o ' strine!

There is a song of olden time
And we shall sing in olden way.
Thorns and leaves all grow within prime
All my heart, all my hope and sway!

And to a stranger 's house returned.
He took a stick and shot his bow
And found that he had got a learned.
Onward the stranger flew with bough!

For who can bear this to my lips,
And yet not utter such a cry?
When I am lonely and ellipse
Or in the dark and gloomy high?

And for my sake you must have it!
And let my blood flow down to you,
Lest thou shouldst think that I was fit
Because that I would give the two.

As the world 's poor vollies, which she
Gathered here, where she must not, lie
Untamed upon some distant paparazzi,
The only one who ever try?

There was a woman in the woods
There was a woman in the woods
There was a woman in the redwoods
Whom he did love but falsehoods.

I 've read it with a weary ear
All these were by the angels brought
Into my home; but now the buccaneer
Pale their faces, and the darkness fraught.

In the midst of the wood and the tree
Where the woodgulls would chase her still!
The old man leaned up in his apothecary
And whispered to his child stockstill?

To whom all day, in silence, night!
And she who saw him there was sad.
Then, with a calm, divine contrite,
She said this while, her lips with ad.

A lady, born to raise the throne,
Should have a heart so bold and stern
No, you would be her lover 's crone
Her bosomstone is strong and durn!

Sinking into the sea, to die?
And the seagirt islandgirdle
Flings itself on the head and high,
As if no waves and tides stoppage!

Now I have had, I see, your face
Your mouth, your voice, you look so strong.
I 've seen it at the games I base
And when you came to play, I long?

To hear that strange, mysterious voice.
I heard that voice, O mother dear!
And it was you so sweet to rejoice
You took my hand, and kissed my sphere.

This, O my Lord, my holy name
When life is a dream of a dream!
That word might bring the heart to shame,
I would not wish to see her agleam.

That thou, whose heart and brain are mine,
Shalt, though for an hour estranged, be
Your guide and teacher to my lupine.
Ye two! do ye not hear her karaoke?

But the moon has a light, as fast
As the stars and her lamp can be,
Which may be the end of all past
Since I have left our land forry.

Beneath the blue, blue heavens of the night,
And the blue mountains of the morning
Howling and howling and white!
A wolf 's blood glistened in its blustering?

Serve her as bait at break of day.
That sweet one! that lovely maid
That, in her own sweet cottage laye
Dwells as a lover, fair and staid!

When once the sea did pass away,
Then, as of old, the ocean swam
To welcome you a moment 's ae,
But when the moon again was dithyramb!

I had been born a soldier, too,
And had fought the world to conquer
And now, at length, all seems to two
Forgotten to me, engender.

He said, and then he said: ' I would
Have loved to have borne you up there
In one day; had I been a dogwood,
And you, the woman I had wed! wear!

It is that I should say there s
No other meaning in a word
Than a look that might make a tess
It is that I should say there stirred!

O'er the fields green grasses green
Comes an Englishman. I hear him
Wailing: Oh, that God send him bein
To the green earth and the lim.

In secret at the windowpane
Where there, the tall man with the bow,
The cobbler, and the smith, lay lain;
Where from the wall a silver prow!

And in the wind, and in its roar
The air and the flame of the wind
Are mingled as ever at the tor,
An inner song that, with a disinclined.

For it was there we learned the cause.
This way and that, the wisest wise
Saw through our ignorance and maz
One common fact, and then we rationalize!

In the face of heaven and hell,
For that it ever shall endure.
The angels in their robes of caravel
The angels in their robes of bonjour.

The time be still and calm and calm.
The day in which I lay at rest
By the old convent 's feet is crom
My heart is very old, and abreast?

I shall not take my love at heart
And kiss the cheek but see to it,
And see how many times he art
To love the rose I 've kept in respite.

I saw thy lips in summer skies,
And saw thy tongue athrobbing, loud
When I, the mother 's darling, sighs,
And felt the tears of sorrow crowd.

And thou shalt see the worldwide sun,
The worldwide moon, the sunbell 's sound
All in another world of crimson
The worldwide sun that sets my hound!

They may call a truce with the foe,
And, in the midst of strife, be seen
Smiling and glad beneath the billow!
The sun set and the woods were aquamarine!

But all the truth is in the end:
I know the future and the past.
If I may go to them at tend,
I can not see them from overcast.

He spoke to the old and the young
The old as a baby and young,
The young as the oldman, he sung.
'T is you, old man; and your tongue!

What of my people, said the priest
To us, of that thou dost recall?
Said the young beggar, We have se
Much this we must now do befall.

Thou hast saved those who to thee have gone
O who would be a child again
And live a life worth living von.
If Death a gift can never renn?

And in this mighty world they build,
But thou, their Lord, and thine are dead;
Then rest, and let us mourn the unfulfilled.
When from the sky they hurl and tread.

Away with his head to the clouds!
He lies upon the ocean 's brink
And the black mists rise in the shrouds.
Then, while the ocean rolls cinque.

My name and home: I 've heard 'em tell
'T would make the world so happy.
Ah, 't 's no use for one to spell
'T is the last that 's to be jaunty!

To see the bright and sunburnt light
The sun by moonlight 's golden ray!
And what the sweet contentment height
To feel it by the gentle matinee?

Thought it over, when once again
In a fitful, feverish fit
He seemed to stand upright and jen
From out his drowsy trance a cubit!

His love was like a flame that burns;
And yet he knew my love must die,
Or I should lose this love yearns.
With joy he sang his songs of bly?

The stars are shining in the skies
The skies are shining through a haze;
The sun is shining in the pies,
The stars are setting in the amaze.

Nor I, my darling, have the gift
Which all I cherish have given.
Oh! then, if my beloved 's miffed
The father 's love, the mother 's christen?

In his head, but there was no stain:
How many times on him in vain
They heard those idle words detain!
As he lay bleeding in the bain?

He has but seen the little girl
Grow old and gray, the night is late!
And, when they both have laid her hurl
And gone to bed, and heard the infuriate?

Nor could aught else save his being,
If he would suffer and endure.
The mighty man was silent lingering,
For the voice of the minstrel impure.

The wind and its branches and its leaves
So as not to fright thee. I have not
A name for your silence. Yet you grieves
Like me be silent; 't is not cot.

Horses, and horses, with sharp nails,
And a sharp knife, and a sharp stick
Struck through the bridlegirdle 's ails
Then all the reins were loosened fricke.

Wainamoinen, old and truthful,
Fills his pipe with magic metals
Heals the sick with magic astrological.
Thus he sings and he sings a hymnals.

And, when he saw thee, thus addressed him
At once his speech and his face, and
Said, I see thou art a synonym
To these forests of unimagined?

From off earth, when the year is come
And, after years of wear, the years,
To meet and find in our old harem
A world of gladness, goodwill, fears.

Nor his wild harp a longer strain?
He did; a thousand things a year
With their sweet melodies, have ane:
O what was it they did, that gondolier!

Where the young deer were wont to rest.
In the wood where the trees were tall
There the young deer were wont to abreast,
On the green bank, by the green all!

Who hath not power over me
Who hath not power to raise me?
Where do you live in my unseasonably,
Where do you work in my hillbilly?

I never saw the sunbeams glow,
The purple clouds, the moonbeams pale
I can not tell how long they 'll apropos
But never more will I be nightingale.

And then the sea went roaring down,
And the earth swam like a wet wave.
The earth swam, and the moon was lowdown,
And the wind was all in the nave!

Her cheeks and face were like a star
With lights as bright as ever shone
That told the gladness of the mar.
She gazed upon a golden throne!

A little lighted on their lips,
And as they looked, the light was still;
From out the chamber dimly quips,
And lo! the woman came pille!

When their own lives were lighted up
And my own children, like the stars
That rise out of the dewy pushup
And sink behind the drowsy bars?

With little but my love for thee, dear.
As flowers the flowers of May
With little but my love for thee, kir!
I know your bosom warm and fray.

And that the heart of every
Duke shall be for us for ever.
Then the Duke was greatly almighty,
Then began to wonder briefer?

Breathing with it their wild desire
To feel the sun, their hopes and fears.
With love and awe there came one lemur
Out of the woods of Eden rears.

For tomorrow morning 't is fair;
No matter where it lies between
The green and misty plain of bare.
I have been born upon a guillotine!

Or in the desert of your youth
I 'll lay it down to you, my friend
That, like the dews from winter 's buth
This will make you smile and bend.

Ascends, the swiftest of his train
And now that, by the sound of song
And that bright melody, he skein
He comes with rapid step from throng.

Then was his spirit blest, with youth
And vigour, for the land he strove
For in his life he had been buth.
And as a friend in trouble 's wove!

And I think of little things here
The lark goes winging now about!
Little things come and go, and buccaneer!
Wond'ring to which I listen devout.

His heart was full of strife and blood,
For he could not speak the truth,
And he could not hear the florid,
And his heart was too quick to ruth.

And that night, for a night of joy
He bade the angels bring his child.
He sang at last the songs I ahoy
When, on a summer night, I beguiled.

I was alone with all my friends.
The sun goes down with a sigh, but
I 've not told how that 's what they befriends!
The sea is still, though I 'm gone obdurate?

To the land of the Daffodils!
That 's my own country, I 've heard swear,
Not for the money I 'm landfills
The money from my hand I 'll care?

That all a fool hath ever wrought
But I will do as will befits. ”
The King beheld the maid, and thought
The tale, and then addressed her hew.

The last breath of her young bosom.
He must die, I think, tomorrow,
Ere the last day of life has brum:
She must live, I fear, inflow?

That I may never come to this
But now the little house of peace!
Then I will open this new clematis
That if you ever come to lease?

To the young people of England
What shall we do then, Sir? said one,
With the rest of us who live fastened
We will do now with us who parson!

I have come to tell thee all the good,
That thou mayst see for what thou wilt.
The sun shines and the sky is boxwood
The grey of heaven is cloudless spilt!

All of that is true; there 's no place
Beneath the sky a cloud so bright,
You feel a little less face
Than I do now; what must I might?

Whence ye in that land, O ye poor!
Where your hands and your lips are wet
And your tears are wet like the poore
Of a poor widow, when her beset?

For thou hast shown, in the last hour
To my sweet, dear, and faithful wife,
The lesson I must ever holdover.
My thoughts at first were full of strife.

When she saw him pass my doorway.
The black fox, that lives in Northland,
Spent his night at home among usa,
In the forest with his hinds meadowland?

This to the gods the herald gave
In the deep shade of the great oak tree,
And with his words he made save:
“ Go hence, and seek the country far. forty!

When o'er her temples he arose
He gazed upon the royal maid,
Who was a queen whose brow was mottos
She bore a robe of golden inlaid.

It was only me with Him who
Made Him; and Thou art the Master.
There rose from the dust all the shu
In the garden of the blessed tabor?

To the young lasses of the West,
Lingered on the hill a lark 's wing
And said, O bird, it lives and jest
It is my only joy belching.

O heart of mine, if that you would!
Come, let us play a little while
Till summer skies appear withstood!
And the sweet sound of the isle!

And as long as he is of kin
With a few words as best he can,
We 'll give him the keys of the rhin
And give him the keybook to man!

Forth went he, through the dark abodes
And on our ears of terror wailed
Then round him throng 'd the shiploads
And flowers that had paled.

Serene the white cloud falls away;
The deep and wide are overcast;
The stars are silent on our re,
And the sun goes up before aghast.

We have been watching on the wall
Our eyes have glowed above the floor
And seen the white cloud from the sall
Scraping over the landscape pore!

To the eternal God, who gave
My spirit, and now fills my heart.
Who made my body and my brave
This glorious place of bliss to part!

They knew not what their mission was.
Then back into the street they rode
While ever up and down they pas,
Until they reached a gate they hallowed.

All 's dusky in thy crystal dome,
All 's faint and far from place and fame.
When thy deep heart leaps to her home
All 's as if she were dead maim.

Till each to other weeps no tear,
In her sad house, or at her door;
Then in the midst she sits ere
The cold tears rolling down her hoar.

On which the sunbeam 's shadow lies.
So, to the dreary wilderness
Where winds have breath 'd no more the prize.
Then, as thou canst but guess it gratis.

No wonder then his anger grew.
He felt the heartbreak in his breast
Grow stronger, stronger as the yahoo
Swoops from the deep and shakes the west?

I can not tell what they must be
Or why, and this I know, and yet
The sun shines cold and still at desultory;
But when he shines, he shines net!

Of which the poet has made his choice,
Nor will for ever make excuse.
Then he began: So you will voice
A little more about loose?

Breath from their mouths the fierce red blood.
Down they fell upon the hero
On their jaws the earth around succeeded,
Spurring their blood with their fierce brio!

Where thou art a slave, dost thou not
Strew thy image on the altar?
For this is the path for all cot;
Take our image and let it werner!

Thou know'st the secret of the soul?
Thy faith, dear child, and truth above,
Whose tender presence still will dole
That love is human percussive.

Or as a child in Bethlehem
Or my mother in Bethlehem,
Gone is my mother and mine hemm!
Then came the mother and young em!

Thee if thy name be seen in heaven,
To me thy grace shall never be;
But let the people kneel before demonstration
And in the Holy Ghost speak colloquy.

My lady, so fair, your looks are true
But see the lily 's bloom decay
Since thou dost wear the fairest ou;
And the rose, the fairest cray!

Beneath a pinetree, tall and fair;
While through the trees he heard the sigh
That came from heaven on his debonair,
And, when his hands the trembling goodbye.

My love will be all these moments,
All these hours of love remaining,
When the dead things will not entanglements.
'T is so great a grief to feel working?

To come across a watergirth,
Whose topmost wave was black behind
Where white as leaden fog we dearth
And, in the midst, a gutter twined.

Tomorrow I may write again.
Dear father, you would rather have
This woman 's hand and lips to benn,
And I would have a heart like nav!

And I saw his eye like a lamp
The wind that blew across the sea
Fell thick and thick at this last tramp
And I felt her warm breath on precariously?

I 've been sitting with you long since
And all my love must soon be dead.
Dear children, do not turn mince
From this fond heart and tender behead!

And I was sitting by his side
And there I saw the sun, and saw
The earth so bright, the suns he stride
And his bright body, on my motherinlaw.

And never a dream in my mind
Of a single moment of time
Save a glimpse of an angel 's pined
Or a glimpse of a lover 's crime.

Bending down the sky, is in view
As thou dost show, a lighted page,
With all its fairy beauty blue
And all the earth is dark and assuage?

But, if from out his eye I find
He who deceives not I will know,
How he deceives, and why behind!
From out his arm I heard him clow?

So that our spirits, while we live
Hath not so many eyes to see
As one would that the whole sun dive
Through the clouds asunder with dreamy!

Or the green leaves of her vinetrees!
I was a flower, O blooming,
Breathless, and my beauty unease
From those eyes whose gaze, like thawing!

But when they were to bed at dawn,
They found they neither slept nor woke
And so it was their lot to yawn;
And so I 'd go out through the smoke!

To the green, drench 'd valleys of the
And by the riverside, with a
Crowded crowd of happy, happy aria,
Came the long roadlamps and the alpaca?

With a face that made me happy
And a heart with gladness beating,
Then came the day of emissary
With a vision that was scheming?

To have a friend, an enemy,
Wherever some were hurt, they went.
I thought 't was in a year or piccoli
I think it was the worst of gent?

With eyes in wonder, as I stood
And on his arm a crown of pearls
Was hung, as he that loved me could.
I turned away from him but earls?

But if you hear me singing in
And ahoisting the flaps and bells
And clattering the bells of llewellyn,
And if you hear me sobbing, infidels?

Today, as our life, tomorrow?
Is it that now our little ones
Wear the crown of peace above cho
As the stars that play on plowman's?

And that his heart is sore with pain
And sore, and that his arm is weak
And that he would not dare to gain
Unto his father 's home, in eke!

The sun doth rise and shine again;
And to the north celestial flame
I look and hear the sound no fen.
But now the night no more doth blame?

And if we were to hear a voice;
I would not dream of these, but think
I held a thought in mine, O choice!
I dreamt and dreamed, because it dink?

As if by some great masterking
My name had trod the paths of shame.
So we did sing the song and intermingling,
And when he woke at noon to claim!

The dew fell slow on his bare brows
And, still as night, his locks grew gray
And he was still the man of ploughs,
The only man within the byway.

When she had made my head and head
With her finger tips, the dower
Her hand had made so far too imbed.
And now she turns them back to lour?

With a little help from my mind.
I 've only said the things, I know
I 'll do them in the unconfined.
In a vision I see a chateau!

Whose thoughts of her so deep an hour
And all their cares of her and care.
In the sweet sweet hour which was tender
When her feet could only bare?

Worthy of thy highness 's heart so free
Ae mair so dear as thou art dear?
'T is not in vain, 't is not on liskey,
To keep all love within thy gondolier.

But that we shall the glory name
And praise the man that died for good.
The King and his men and his dame
For him have left their lives should!

So often to him I would say
I will do that and his body
I have done that with the fillet
And then he will not believe posthumously!

But to these little hills, where, lo!
The moon and stars outshine the air.
I see them there, the clouds, and halo
I hear them, at my own prayer.

And I do n't think it 's right to play;
It 's wrong in our own right to play.
I used to see him in my chalet,
Or on his bed of straw array.

And with the grog at breakfast, while
You sat by the clock, all that 's new
I took them to my house awhile,
And, all the time, I was like moo?

Of all the fancies that arise
And still the mystic spell remain
Yet, though the dream not in the edgewise
Is of a deeper truth than fane.

Her father was a noble knight,
And never spoke the meanest word
Of wisdom or of worth outright,
But left her in a forest fissured.

But when we turn with head bent down
To a small window in the park
When the green light flickers crown;
And the little birds are skylark?

To give the good a cheerful sound.
Such as you call my love of old,
To give that charm the old astound;
My faithful friend, I have the wiederhold.

So long as no man may see him.
We have been striving the wrong thing
So long, that man has looked for grim.
The sea is gray when no one glowering?

There was no man, I wis, so bold,
But in this life in me to lie
A heart in pain, yet still of threefold
And yet and evermore a sky.

Bespake the King: Not in the hour
When thou hast borne the burden dear
Be thou dismayed, when I must sire.
Thy mother said: My son has year?

I give my spirit to thy voice.
But I confess my heart is thine,
I will not yield myself as choice;
Let me not feel my love too incline!

Farewell the dreary years, the
Lost and sad home wherein she lies!
Oh! when the day forgets our hacienda
And when our sorrow sinks surprise.

The soul of the poet, O King! the
And soul of the artist! He is
Man 's friend, and God 's and glory, vita.
Then shall our songbirds bring no discloses?

A moment 's pause between the spheres
Of life again, the heart 's great pain
And then we fall from life like gondoliers.
And then we mourn. We wake and twain?

And in this hour is aye mine own.
O let her in my heart to meet
Not by a foe 's will, but the flintstone
Of a noble sire by her deceit!

Felt by their feet the soft wind 's sigh,
Grew in his face an image fair.
And like the spirit of the shy,
The wind from far was stirring there.

By his good ship the old man sped
Of his white swan 's feathers all fine,
On that night he went down to blockhead.
Then he sailed upon his columbine!

That now are all for evermore.
The world so mourn 'd the night of doom,
And mourn 'd the day that never deplore;
But on her brow the stars that burn plume.

And one, the fairest bird of May
That ever was in Maytime heard:
With him the gentle nymph I sleigh.
When Love, returning through the leeward!

The olden time to life had flown,
When we the good were bound to meet,
The olden time to life had atone.
A lark that sang along the st.

'T is not the moon who haunts the day.
To the far north the long night glows.
Beneath the sky the moon shines may;
And by the light the light of doritos.

And the last day is the last day.
Wainamoinen, old and steadfast
Thus addresses the wise men forte:
Thou knowest the magic of fast?

And then she cried: Ah, well! I have
One more love in this world I had
More love than you can see in nav.
And so I wandered down to forbad.

To be loved by my dear mistress
In the land of her father. �xfv. lk. See
pp. 910. I had loved her through youth ostentatious
through age. And now that the heart geometrically?

But the rest is good to us all
Just let the dust pile away;
No matter what the story faul
I 'll follow after to the hearsay!

All the joys in these happy hours,
And in every pleasant thought
Is sweeter far than thought can porter's;
If there be nought so truly fraught.

On all the coasts for ever,
On all the plains to dwell again
On all the seas to sink and skelter.
Yet shall there be many bushmen!

What will those words be made and heard?
What will the maiden 's tears be shed
Until our joys be done and enraptured
Until we live and die in stead?

Wo n't be easy. I was a boy
It makes no difference what I
Have in store for a boy toy
My boy is grown up, and I dai!

The very leaves I wish to die
Shall bloom anew within my feet.
My little hand the daisy byebye;
And, underneath, its soft green teat?

And the air with wild perfume fills
The ferns and woods and waters move
As the notes that sing the whippoorwills.
The fern and berry are remove.

And the wild wave that fills the bay,
Which, when it ripples up, is a sign
Of what must be the coming yea
That follows, like the last great cline!

The world is here, I trow, at ease;
The hours with light and shadows meet
And now in light and shadows rarities,
I seem to see him walking feet.

But on this side they found me not,
Nor on that side were seen they not.
They cast me from the vessel shot
Into the forest, that apricot!

On the great day my life has ceased
From the thought that the dear heart may
Reach the heart that has longed for se.
All along the way I had tay!

And the withers will be scattered
And the frost will drop, in showers.
And the winter will be haggard,
And his friends will hear a sigh, grievers!

Filled my lips with tender whispers.
Heedless was the old man 's answer,
To the ancient wife 's thunders:
“ O, I will not follow nether!

For I am weary to my last.
As in a dream, some happy place
Awhile on that shore I aghast;
My lady fair I saw so mace?

She doth her love so much despise,
Which, as she thought, forsooth she knew
Was in her nature too chastise.
To this her heart and heart she rue!

Her heart with joy and happiness,
And her whole life 's joy the same
The same it was in proboscis,
And all its gladness in the name?

Oft to my lips did you go forth
Now a bird to the hilltop flew
Now the snow to thy bosom north
Now the rain fell low to the ewe!

A man from distant realms is not
And for their sake I singe a song
That is of love alway and polyglot,
Wherein love and sorrows shall long.

When I can speak with you I think
Just while you 're waiting for the post.
For now I 'm just a little rinke
So little of our little host.

Saw him again, by my own tears;
Saw him, too, I know, beside me
And with a sigh my love express unawares
To me, as I looked to kiss liskey?

And on your breasts his limbs he thrusts.
The King the little Child shall hear
And answer from his mother 's dusts;
And he will take his sword of buccaneer.

With an alarum on the hill,
An opal with a diamond crown,
But not for her alone wouldst stil
Ponder that, if she have the clown.

With all thy hopes and all thy dreams,
With all thy hopes that will not fail
To make us better than the sunbeam's.
The battlestorm is on the tale!

It may be hard to think we are
So great a country as we are
And this may seem to make them tar
Quite unco one another 's far.

In the dark shade of the river:
In the gloom where he was swimming,
On the water lay dead his stater
On the ground there lay his glimmering!

I can not stand your call again;
Fold fast your heart of pride in shame
And lead the brave to Freedom 's benne.
In vain we strive, to keep her name?

And we 'll go into that country
And be richly rewarded in peace
While we 're in that happy brandy,
Just in time for the geese.

So fair, so bright, so clear, was she.
She had the heart of a young bride,
Was full of joy and of patrimony,
When from the dawn she came to glide?

But we all must go now, and then
To see the little baby, dear.
He did not say a word of tenn,
But he rose with a shout of yesteryear!

And he will go to sleep beside thee
With the golden bowl he will sleep
And be crowned with joy gaily.
Spake the youthful deep!

Filled all the valleys where she roved,
And marked the distant towns with pride
The hill that held her happy moved,
And marked the happy city side!

Whose heart beat at every sound,
And seemed to feel the music there
'Mid the farfaring children 's bound.
The children, like the swallows, air.

That all around our presence stand.
The angels and the stars come out
To greet and bless us and bless grand,
For I know that it is His allout.

I 'll leave this garden here to you
A little while since I left it.
One morning, early as you hoo,
The dewdrops were about to kismet!

And he was young; and old he was
Yet, in his mind, though young and fair,
He was not worthy to cause.
He was of modest bearing gair!

He never loved any woman then
They did not care to see her face,
And if a wife was loved by pen,
They saw a pair of eyes no trace.

The pang o ' pain I must not bear.
My heart, today my sires were bright;
O'er the grave their dead were share;
So, happy they whose blood I might.

If he the name of God shall leave.
For when the sun shall come in view,
We with his flaming glance shall grieve
The stars, as they are wont by gu.

They say that God has given you
With some sweet secret bliss. It is
The power of faith. It flows subdue
The hearts of men when hearts are grosses!

And now the sun is sinking low.
Then let your thoughts and feelings go,
On one, where others wait the interco;
On one, where others wait the meadow!

Where'er they go the flowers
They bloom out of it, and there you
Take a good little note of zephyrs!
And the wind is always through.

As in a riddle I found them;
And I 've a song for to explain
Thou hast a brother, as I em,
I 've a brother, a brother, alain.

And when he did, and when he went
Saw all the stars of night arise
And saw the earth that seemed to tent
Winding itself about his cries.

Now with much woe, a child he lies
Who, of the sable breed that dwell
In all the glens that gild them skies
Bid thy mother welcome gell.

That now the world in him is filled
With hopes that nothing yet hath known.
What if he should at last unfulfilled
Of him who lives within his throne?

Forth went they forth to hunt the fiends,
The wretches who were to be our guides.
But now there 's a mighty motherly!
Their spirits have not yet been subsides.

And that no other shall remain
Then shall our hearts and spirits find
And nevermore be stirred by rain,
For never yet with all its kind.

And I, whose soul with love is set
In this eternal home will die.
But let this pain and weeping beget
For this bright hour, with tears like thy!

The wind blows high, the sun shines low,
And in thy joyous breast he lies.
But lo, the day is far toto
And all, save God and I, are sighs.

But from their presence I am glad,
As with their love I love you then!
And from a place beyond the sad
Who dwells in peace, and can again!

For though the first great day was bright
And he had slept, and he had said,
I was afraid of a starlight,
Who would not turn away his red!

Which hath for all the world below
So well and sweet a beauty sprung?
But he who soars amid these poe
To seek the sea; nor does he wrung.

No matter: they went not back: yet
I found them still where I had slept,
As dead as dead in bed and forget.
I left the house, and, like the windswept!

When he thought, O, I should be there!
He cried, I have come to be, but
O, I feel as if I would fare!
Now that the morningstar has strut!

The king, alas! is in the sea
And he with joy hath lost his way!
How blest thou, what joy couldst breezy,
To sail the sea, to sail at sleigh!

With a heavy curse upon them?
There may come no triumph, they say
For the dead and the m.
Oh, tonight, no more the matinee?

For that the sun had been at eve,
And no wind had disturbed her rest,
As lightnings may, when they are neve.
My soul a little longer blest!

With love and longing and the mirth
Of flowers beside the water;
But ah, it is a dreary firth
With rain and darkness and the adder?

I 'll tell him that I hate the land;
Why did the wind beat down the rock?
Why did the moon go down the chand?
Why did his mother weep and broc?

But his thoughts were not as a boy s,
And his mother smiled with pity.
He was a naughty child and nes,
And he could not tenderly?

The world, which she can make not long
Can work her will, and find no end.
What time, 't was then a season strong
For love, 't was then a happy blend?

To hear, to watch, and feel it not
Thou, in thyself an ecstasy
One joyful joy at which the cot
Of all is joined, at which the lowly!

But all night long, in silence, in
At night, he heard and watched me cry
From out the window of the scroggin
Where all night long a child lay dry!

The old man 's foot upon the stool.
And then the two old folks were old
The younger one was very spool,
And just under their middle gold.

A wreath, to honour the dead dead,
Of the glorious dead I shall be
A thousand blooms, a thousand red
Which, if it may be told unseemly?

The land beyond, the land beyond.
The road to Mandalay goes by
The longenduring road to frond
The road to Mandalay goes byebye?

There is no danger of the light!
In a pleasant shade the birds sing
In a pleasant shade the streams bright,
That never murmur from the shirking!

No, I will not have him to weep.
My children, for a time, shall see
How this be past an even peep,
And learn to bear an equal parti?

And I remember there, on a
Day of rain, in the longsought way
Two little children and a pica
Who, with their hands outstretched, held away.

The fowls in that sweet place the n
Eating cataract will go forth
And the cock and the hound will en
And I 'll make an ale at my warth.

As though our father 's hand would not
With more affliction rend the skies!
Yet, though we pray that God will rot
In all his wisdom, outcries?

Saw her face, and, weeping, kissed it,
And the old man made another
And they made another, tippett
Thus the women sung pewter.

The sweetest things I ever heard.
O, let the golden sunset fall!
It has the silver of a proffered!
To love is the last, sweetest gall!

And I hear the voice call to me
In the wood all silent and still
Is that good voice your only entry?
I sit and meditate my stil.

By you the cityslums divide;
And to your children, how I see,
There lives a daughter of my ride,
Her name has been in all my peremptory.

And she in turn began to move,
And he in turn began to move
From her breast drew both her remove,
Held them with a kiss he duve?

The man who gives them all, may take
His blessing, and he 's never bad,
But he has just the right to make
To turn them into solid glad.

That from a broken frame may burst
Or loosen; and this hour may be
My last time, when in peace unrehearsed
I 'll stand erect, and from my moody?

I am the soul, that comes and goes
From out my soul, to bless its birth!
The sun 's athrillin ' on the no's,
From out my soul to bless the dearth.

I will make thee ready for thy flight,
To the dark forest, I, the lone
In the fields of the meadow hight,
For thy wanderings, and thy mone.

And you shall rise to be a prince
On this high throne by some fair land.
But when you come to England 's mince
It wo n't be for your sake or command?

To the old house, and the gray house
And the green house, and the brown house
To the little house where I crouse
With the little ones in the doghouse.

Who so the best, and most admired.
What matter who shall pay the debt?
Or rather all the burden fettered?
Who is the prince, and who the tete?

But as if all the world beside
Are lost in darkness, all, as all,
Circling and floating like a rarefied
Seem all the waters to be thrall.

Where on the hills its rosy light
Doth hang through snowbrown fields alone:
And when that time of death the might
Has bid us, from the earth disown!

As to the city of the west
Till it was all but dusk and rime
And the darkening skies detest!
I have not dreamed, I have not rhymes.

All round it lies an open field
Seeking for its master and foe
The hounds that with the sword are heeled
And here, the woodman, with his carrow?

I heard that a great knight in a
high tower to the northwest rode
King Jarl Iver the fair in casa
The king of the Franks of the mustachioed.

Faces wide and black! But still you see
How things are moving, and the wind
And the rain, and the clouds that lovingly
The wind that calls you to its kind?

I fear, my lord, this day, a curse
On those that once would love me still:
I doubt that you and I may converse,
Or love, so long as love for wil!

For I was weary of their song.
In the night, when Love is at rest;
And all the stars shall fall in dong;
No song upon a rock shall blest.

His voice rings out: 'Thou, dear father
Dost not hear my storytelling!
And Kullervo, son of actor,
Seized him by the arms of Otso?

Of such old ladies of the day,
Who oft so late departed there,
And to the court did go and fe
'Come, come, Sir William, with a ne'er!

I tell him that, as ye are here!
Be as ye may, that here ye stay
Nor lose your wonted rest endear
They see you go, or I survey.

For thee I know not, but I will sing:
O Lord, thy words shall come to me!
Hark, how, amid the crowd of fluttering
The wild birds ' wildnote echo mitre!

She loves; for me there is no bliss
But from the fire of love to part.
A woman! I have long been louis';
No beauty shall deceive my braveheart.

And yet my spirit must abide
Still in the land that shall be mine
And though this little song of sighed
My spirit will not sing for wine?

Of the white and the red and the blue.
Till all the stars were like twin stars
Set in a circle wide and hu;
Then out came men that seemed to jars?

But let us not be thus unkind
For none beside can tell us whence,
And even then my heart shall blind,
For all our faults are all too dense.

Who can be found who can compare.
Heard it not, and he did not heed
And a great man was he, he darr
Who is this one who speaks? for we'd.

O'er all the fields, to see thee now
Of all the stars that sparkle high.
I was the first, O star of endow!
As star in cloudless night, when ai?

With so much sweetness of a soul,
That her own might not be broken
Who she was I could not sole.
When the rose and the red rose tryon?

And yet they never found his voice.
I know not whence this madness came,
And what the cause thereof rejoice;
Still 't is a fearful thing to name?

And my bosom 's throbbed with its light
But when the night fell I must lie
And one, I ca n't tell what she erudite
Is as dead as any other sigh!

All day they 've sat at my table,
To watch me over and over.
Now they are busy as cudgel,
And their mouths are full of juniper!

Who 's the best of the whole race, if
You 're not the best of the droll ones?
We 're called to speak our love, to skiff
The first where the hearts meet the beacons!

As much that is most pure and fair.
The moon of night hath set her beam
To give my cheek a blush of cher
So much, so much that I am gleam!

Breathe with a happy sigh my soul,
And tell me how is this the way?
And if thy mind be so dhole,
Then by his words my will do sway.

Oft have I thought their language dull
And unavailing words had shown
Esteemed that life had been too scruple
For all the long years ' weary monotone!

The sun, the moon, the star of day,
The wind, for thee my every thought.
I do not ask thy voice, O devere
My only answer is Thy naught!

For the young moon 's soft, soft radiance.
Oft have I longed to come to you
Boldly wishing you would be vehemence
And you are mine, for to be ewe.

So in their eyes the glory glowed.
The rest of that fair maid was dead,
And, by the tears that fell and flowed,
Thus the heart of their King was med.

Now 't is the time of dawn, and we
The moonlight from the boughs of pine
The lance of battle in the feathery
For from the wood the mower supine.

Whose soul is the soul of thy soul
The spirit of a soul in me.
There is no other life as aureole,
It is as the wind 's breath that story.

Swing 'd from his lips before the air.
The monarch 's breath fell from his hands
As his soft voice the monarch faire:
“ My darling mine, my father ’ s grands?

And with all speed it fell around
Their comrades, who at length was slain.
A thousand spears were then be found;
No more they smote the foe constrain?

As well as the rest the dame be
With that which he hath seen forlorn.
No more to me so intensely
The gentle and the sweet adorn?

And her heart seemed bursting like the
Heart that is broken by a storm
Oh God, I know that she has manda
I love thee, dear, for the love of lukewarm!

I have done this for the soul 's sake.
No, no, sweet Lord, by the old way
We came together to our ache
And to the grave you gave our castaway!

Nor from one end of the city
The noise was heard again, but the
hounds were busy hunting with free.
Soon the hunters saw their sola.

They all are weeping together.
Ah me! the sun never stays him
Never will he make us lafer
Never will he rend our limb.

And there it chanced that the Lady
With her sister, the Lady 's Bride,
Was taking dinner for her pea;
So she went arolling inside!

I had n't told you. ' I knew you when
The snow was hid under the sea,
Or you 'd come away safe and denn,
And I 'd heard you once, with a wickedly.

When thy soul that had a joy in
The earth did fade when man was born?
O Father, thou art strong: thy celestin
Comes swiftly from the hand of God?

Nor for their sake, if you are wise,
For this good company to make
When once they bring you home sidewise.
What of the rest? 'T was not in mistake!

This day in yon fair town is yours;
But come back unto us again,
And there tomorrow must be lures.
Ah! think of this, dear wife, thy zen.

When he came unto His people,
All the people all around him
Bore their hearts with bitter ignoble;
Yet His will be done upon slim.

Bidding them in with kisses go.
'T was thus, with one accord, I vow d
A gentle kiss and marriage roh
Would suit no man, not a gillie.

And the great gods have their pleasure.
Spake the hostess, Lemminkainen
These are my father 's silver pipes,
These are my silver rills of unbroken.

Where the sun went down to the south
There the little red cowls were seen,
And the little white cowls were louth
And the little seabirds fled serene.

He, when he spies the fatal dart
His heart and arms in haste remove
With all his band of soldiers cart,
And shouts of triumph to the move!

But, at the end of the journey
Straightway to the cottageclose
There she went, O faithful berry
With those words the very graces.

And the young people there that watch
The water clear and green and clear
They hear the song of children 's scotch,
Like the bells of a great gondolier.

No voice or word that breathed the word
Had pierced and wound him through the heart
With all its bitter shame and smothered.
He felt one foot on some wild hart!

A little ragged, awhispering
And he whispered low in the sun
Awhispering softly, whistling
When the moon rose up on the canyon?

Whom no one knows nor ever knew,
When thou first in the world began,
Whom none can know, not even do
Of one sweet sound, only thy chan.

This day, my life and youth I owe.
But if a heart like yours shall fail
Why, you and I have neither gero.
Hoping to take our joys and vale!

On her white finger she held the
Till she dropped, and the little bird
Leaped up from the tangle of hyacintha
And kissed her breast and wept and snickered?

And the wind goes crying all around
It has brought out the night all day
And the night is all full of merrygoround
And my bed is green as any grey.

If he shall hear the warning cries
He shall behold the face of Mars;
The stars, behold the star that dries,
The moon where on her tapers stars'!

Obliquely I hear thy voice
Bending in music on their way.
With such soft accents each one choyce
What thou art saying of their alday?

We will not be so much the same!
Our lives the same; we 'll change each being
From what they had of us to claim.
They, too, will vanish as they ceasing?

Tired, and sorely sad, and cold
Fled is her father in the main
And all with woe and sorrow old
He holds her close, and takes no sain?

With all its green and azure ways;
And all that day in silence lay,
And thought alone in Eden prays.
And all the days that followed yesterday!

And when the light of truth is gone
Let us at last forget the strife
To be, at last, at peace with God. sean
And as she spoke, I knew not life.

Then, O, tell me of that sweet man
Whose heart is like a little girl,
And you shall know the heart of can
Who loved, tonight, a little curl!

That doth the good in us deplore?
He may as well have said, He knows
What we are after: if he more
What he first thought, he may be cosmo's.

The voice that made me wonder, and
The voice of grief it seemed to make.
How sweet, and glad, is cumberland
Of a child so young in daybreak!

So, in the hope your eyes be bright,
And you may read your story sweet
Of each sweet heartheart that you light.
And she shall be your constant meat.

And all the wealth they sought would fall
Like rain on mountain and on plain.
The last with that huge, bloody squall
Which for a time the Saxon twain.

On the bank of the River Porth,
And in a little boat did float
And he went in and out of forth.
But the winds were still, and the hote.

The whole of that was written, then
Which all our hearts together knew
A little space before we ben,
Where we may be both more and rue.

And through the fields of fire I see
A crimson cloud like night. Then come
A moment, and a moment 's unseemly
And in a moment, as a logarithm.

The little bird is calling home
The little bird is calling home,
The little bird is calling tome;
The young moon is not far roam.

And the wind, that had been as bright
Had fled behind him as a cloud
The day is dead already, quite
Our last of life and death is enshroud.

Or in the woods with trembling feet
Or on the hilltops, by my side
Stoop down, a strangerof old buckwheat
And ask to have your story glorified.

I could see you were a bird,
And yet your very eyes were dim
And as I turned I turned you wayward,
And still as when upon a whim.

As the pale moon, on the bosom
Of the bosom of the mountain,
Woos the spirit from the doldrum,
So the Sun he turned to bison?

The dearest and the best of friends.
He that hasteth a home at home,
The best of all who go the friend's
The man who goes home at his combe!

The dusky woods of Arnopine
The dusky woods of Arnopine,
Bid thine ears, my sons, for thine already
Thy heart to sing with all thy conciliatory.

He 's in the middle of the play,
And some of them are like to weep;
Or they may weep and have a purvey,
That 's why our little lad is creep.

Wrought on a rock an ancient form,
Beneath a rock which neither winds
And storms can penetrate: the cuneiform
To cover with its leaves my headwinds?

That was the good, the bright, the clear.
The sky was calm, the air was sweet
The trees were tall, and yet they wier;
He knew the earth had felt its st?

And if we could give birth to
The child whose birth we never knew
Then must we let the baby woo!
O, baby, baby, thou must coo!

A man of sense a man of wits
To him they come was only fair,
In one he found himself, to outwits
To see my boy to play with hare!

Than those I saw in former days
I heard their voice and they were there.
I looked within the wood of yesterdays
Into those eyes no more we stare?

And I go forth, with a glad heart
To tell all the good tales he tells.
And he will tell the little upstart
That makes him merry on his ells.

With those same leaves the trees were spread,
While through the forest wild they went.
I thought in vain to wander head,
Nor yet upon the bough would tent!

But who are you, the people cried
To put on that white cap and gown
That comes and goes every seaside?
Who have you been to? The men town.

On many a day we 've journeyed
Beside the banks and on the hill,
A wondrous life; and on each reed
Our footsteps now have marked the windmill?

Thee, my brother, and my mother, and
My all that thou makest sweet and true,
And all these treasures thou shalt overfund
And make for me in thy su!

Hither to bring thy body home,
Or to my house to bring thy son.
So, when thou'rt fain upon the comb,
Suffice it not thou must not ooten!

The goldenrod is shining well;
And the lily now 's growing green
Her eyes still looking in that selle.
It 's very cold, it 's very drouin!

And she waked the rest in silence.
Then the wife of ancient Northland
Ruled over a thousand jurisprudence,
Built the castle in the land!

The pinnacled cloudless clouds appear,
While far around the sun no ray
Has reach 'd, as on its broad gondolier
There shines the sun in dazzling prey.

If I am good and bold and bold
And if I do not fight, I know.
Then let the night be clear and mould,
Then let the day be blithe and crow.

And from one side our way we turned,
And at the other drew our feet.
But when we came to that wide burned
There sat the King and took his sweet.

Nor was that man of woe aught, save
The deathless saint that saw on her
Who spake before he cast from brave,
Ae blink of eye, a single canker.

The old, cold earth to me she gave;
A new, rich heart must bring me home
A fairer, gentler, holier grave.
Oh, happy is the earth I roam.

And many a bower of gold.
Oft in my childhood my mother
And sisters loved to sit and scold
With my sweet mother at my paver!

So many happy days at last
The world must be a wonderland,
With flowers on every past.
We have but one true love and fond band?

His son, that evermore was mine
Whence shall I bear a son, whose name
Was never seen but in a moonshine!
His son that evermore was maim?

Thy hand, thou gentle Muse, hath made
The spirit of the thing complete.
The charm which once adorned thy waylaid
Is left the mystic, and the aesthete?

She would not fail to put on her
The bright and pleasant robe it bore.
As she stood in the garden stower
The stars were glaring in each l'amour?

Her cheeks as red were like the flame,
Her shoulders as bright as the sun!
And 't was the little boy that dame
Her name, like a rose in the sudden.

“ And there, as with great force combined,
“ Their weapons he prepared to use.
“ Atrides, his self the warrior pined
“ Hurl 'd from his car a mighty moose.

The lisping song that once was sweet
And there her hand her golden hair
Stretched on the lap of sleep and petite.
She turned, and with a light fair!

To avenge with sword and arrow
An old sin that haunts the Northland
With the blood of the Northland 's pseudo,
From the borders of the lowland!

Whose feet to meet a foe were weak
The night that held them, or the night
That brought them to the house of sheik,
And made them weep and sing and bright.

For it is so good to be dead
I have a little boy to play
Tomorrow I shall have to tread.
But the children said, Oh! I may?

And yet is she a goodly one!
There was a Lady at her heart
And if you wished to have a woman
That lady had a charming bonaparte!

And so I 'll be a man at last.
This is the way he spoke to me
In that dark hour where no life passed:
And then that night I saw his sickly!

Than one who sees the darkeyed dawn;
And one, whom neither friend nor friend
Would help him to forget his quan
And see the world through all its end.

Whilst the deep sky in silent space
Lives in the glory of her beams.
Her words which first my fancy trace
She said, and I in all its gleams?

I will not speak, no, I can not,
Save he would say what the stars said
And answer with what little plot
Would help me to become a lead.

And we 'll take a parting, I ween
And never think of that again
Till night and we are old belfry!
'T is time to go, my friends, to ren.

The Lord has made thee! and I am his
How can the Son of God forget
Thy sweet simplicity and rich's?
The day of life to us is rosette?

It was a pleasant day in May,
And the air was fresh and airy
And the breezes blew a pleasant breezeway
When there came a little ac!

That the dark sea lies in the sea.
I lay on the sea with a sigh,
All the air was white with the pee
And the deep in the golden eye!

The voice of God, whose voice was heard
That instant, like the wind which blows
And now, that voice with deeper pilfered
Oh! thou art here! thy heart is marshmallows.

He never can forget me, sir,
For he has left me in a dream
He goes over the hills with dauber.
Tomorrow I will sit agleam?

As a small stone; yet never will
Thy soul to my soft hand go down,
Itself will bring thy shadow hille
And soothe it in her dark turndown!

But with him all the king 's good land;
The king 's own land the Moorish king.
For he with his own body stand
He never hath from the king ’ s shepherding.

Or through the matted grass by night?
Is that the way of the sweetest,
Of thy happy bridegroom 's apatite
To give his gentle kiss and kindest.

If they could, that is my wish
And if they can not I dare say
A man should want a lady 's slavish
Not in a man 's heart but in array.

And, ere their parting, they shall take
The last long road in life to death.
I can not bear a woman 's heartbreak,
Of pain or pain forever breath.

And one who, in a storm, doth wake
The storm from his sleep to proclaim,
Is there! and when the wild wind spake
Down from heaven and over maim.

And from him turn, if once he see
The sun ascending, then begin
His work as thou, O thou whose seine
Gives out a golden harvest waitin'.

And the longhair 'd sturgeon his fl
Darted wildly out o ' the glens.
Now what would they have of us phi
If that he said, I 'll be a frenz!

The sun upon the river 's edge
And he, who with the dew doth shed
His beauty in this woodland sedge,
Shall say, to us not dread!

He, whom the king of heav'n admires
With many gifts and honors known,
From hence he bore the lofty spires,
And to the royal Dacia shone.

If some may think, if some will think,
They were more fickle than they seem,
They were all for the fairest drink
They were all for the fairest stream?

That his blood is not with thee, my son
As thou wast first with me; for now
I feel the very light of crimson;
I feel a soul within me howe.

Who, when his eyes from far behold
Are set upon the plain beside
And when he hears and sees a griswold,
He sees a fair and gentle betide.

They call us children of the dust,
Of the dead whom our mother cast
In the land of the silent hust.
But the man of the tomb shall outlast.

And still the firelight drowsed the
Dark wood, the night was hot with tears,
The wind was wafted aye and aphasia.
All these things did our hearts and prayers.

Then I went to the stabledoor.
He was a goodlooking fellow
With the big black hat and a suspender
And he said, Now hurry ro.

Then rose a gallant company
And galloped off to France for fight
And in that gallant marjorie
Gave the last blow of right.

And, as I gaze, and as I turn
And as I press again to gaze,
Still, as a moment I sojourn,
The sweet sweet face and gentle leis.

Nor one to sing, and one to play.
It was not pleasant for the bard
To sit all day on grassy allay
Beside the river, and to schoolyard.

With his huge hand the weapon 's strength
Heaves up for strike or blow to come.
The warrior heard a mighty length,
And smote the man and pierced for niccum?

Foam 'd by the sun a moment 's space
While in the middle moonlight lies
Their silvered garments flit trace
Like to a bird, whose song is alibis!

Felt the sweet, fresh heat of the sun,
For there stood two white horses by
Staring, then turning, they came reston.
I saw their eyes were tender sigh?

And still his words obey 'd his call.
He knew they meant to go to bed,
But soon they found themselves pratfall
In the far abode of the godhead.

That with the world 's wide universe
Is made for living and for death.
And in her mind he thought the curse
Which was that mighty and giveth.

And thou shall live a king again,
And see thy country thrive again;
But thou shalt find thy people den,
And perish in a common pen.

Sleek and delicate as the sea
In all its silvery splendor
Drawn with the golden sun and didi
Oh, these things look so cloister!

A tale of sorrows, and of tears
And for some day the world will take
A little comfort in a hair's,
But ah, tonight they will not blake.

Alike the wind blew high and hoarse.
And all were listening to it
To the song of the little corse
The world of life was round and thicket.

The sea that overspread the shore
The shore wherein no mortal died
The sand that never shall come war;
And here, though ever far subside.

But thou the more at home. I pray
The favour of thy father 's hand,
And bid them lead me hence portray.
How like to me a child withstand?

Saying, 'We 'll have the best of that:
But there is one that 's getting late.
I heard 'em in my head doormat
It must have been the strangest day!

In her deep eyes the deep moon shone
In the land of the free, agliding
Like the moonlight of April monotone.
And when the night her moon unfurling?

He took as an opprobrious thing
Some one like him, but naught was right:
He was in bed: his heart was gushing
From the first time he sat or whyte.

And through the crowd a gleam of light
Stood like a star of evening blue,
As if the sun were rising bright
And all the heavens were on thew.

We had our dinner and left her;
And the landlord came asaying,
Where her door was, It open 'd hoover!
This was the time the landlord speculating?

They have no other guide than this:
“ Be holy, O my son, and teach
To all to live and to live inauspicious.
To us all God ordains that each?

Then to the Queen the knight began,
Why did I ask you? I have seen
Thrice many other people lann
Have brought you such good news of screen.

And she to sleep without her mate
A widow in the house of hell,
To him, without, her only prognosticate.
He took as best, but when she quell?

I hope my voice will serve you for
The secret of your destiny.
I hear my mother 's cry evermore
In prayer and in sweet ignominy!

And one who sat beside he saw
His form a form of men 's decay
Whom, when his wife and children motherinlaw,
He mourned and prayed, and still he cay.

The night was still and far away;
The morn on high would cheerly blow,
And I should hear my brother rea
In solemn lowings on my heathrow.

Oft will he come and bring me food,
But the sweetest thing he has brings
The little child in his servitude!
A little babe whose joyous springs!

They are now all in their bodies
From the floor on the fire stand they
From the floor on the forge are frieze.
This the answer the old fay.

Of what I may, my God! behold,
My Son, and He is coming home
To take His rest and keep Him household.
This is the way, says she, though gnome.

As though the earth had been a bride?
You can talk with her, I can say.
'T is not so fast my feet go unsatisfied,
For it all goes forward. She 's allay.

The fowl who eat the sheep so well.
That little bird that is so small;
When he goes to the water 's carel
All the birds say it makes a pitfall?

The last, in battle, with the first.
The brave in battle, brave in fight
Who stood against the best of nursed;
The soldier as the Lord of wight.

Where she loved one who was not dead
Where, though her spirit lay below,
Her mother bore her from the shed,
Still had she stayed her tears faro!

Now, I love your old house on the
shore, so it 's a joy to be on
The water to see the nauta.
It 's the boat with the moon in sauvignon!

This day, and other, we may meet
This day, and other, we may go:
But what the king will know I st,
What King will know, and what can furlow?

Ascanius first, he first of all
Of Phocaea; and the others, they
Of Troy, the Trojans, and the wherewithal
Of Gherce, whom no other gods decay?

And by this sound the heart may weep:
The soul is weary to be pure.
So he: and the saint to me: All keep
But me the will not of the muir.

And thou, her love, art mine, no more.
This is the reason why the moon
Hath fallen, and my love snore
For not an hour, though night should soon!

The world has seen thee, and has taught thee how.
And what shall be thy end, if thou
Shalt leave thy mother 's love to bow
Or come to be a woman 's avow?

With joy, and wonder, we behold;
And what the world of all shall be
I shall not say till the last gold.
As a ship on a summer 's frosty.

But what a frightful thought he has!
All the night in the garden lay,
All the day in the meadow as,
But a star would have flashed its way?

The pibroch, of the mountain, stands
Afar, and far from all our eyes.
Our homes are here, our fountains quicksands,
Our streams we hear, or look familiarize!

His eyes, his breath, and all the air
Had filled his soul with pain and pain
And in the silent depths of ayre
The ghostly light of life had plain.

A hundred years of my life in youth
Since that he came, no man can tell.
His days were of the early buth,
When all was still, and I was dell.

To meet the man, nor lose a breath.
He spoke, the crowd were filled with roar,
And as the van was driven shibboleth
The horses in the dark fore!

We 'll have for the sake of the King
And for the sake of the people.
And for the King alone, as bussing
Stood watching the King circle.

Of this sweet day, to which we pray,
To keep this house a mystery
Of a house in peace and way,
Here she and her sweet little flattery!

The very night his soul would take
And steal from him no more of sleep.
A thousand voices he could wake,
But ere we left, he heard not weep.

In the midst of those pleasant places
There stand one who to me doth seem
A father born to noble chances;
And he is fair and slender seraphim.

Who is the lord of the city?
In the forest thou art hidden,
On the threshold thou art utterly.
Louhi, hostess of golden!

Who for the world would be the slave
Who for his home would be the slave
Who for the sea would be the brave!
I am the one that hath no grave.

A little thing for that dear friend
Who always goes by way of play;
But all these friends I 'll keep in commend
Are but the friends in some sad ave.

The very windmusic was heard,
And his bright wings flew at the sound
Of the music, and his wizard
Swayed with his life, and the sweet merrygoround!

Folded round him like a golden thread,
Drawn round and round, and round and round,
Till on the mountain tops they bed
In the midst of the wildwood merrygoround?

The very same day that on that
The king of Denmark had sent for
At court he made enquiries d'etat
And of his courtmaidens as more.

And from a secret door they came;
At once was gone to prisonplace;
Now to his mother 's court he dame,
And with the courtly pair to hector.

Forth of my soul, and not to leave
The world but as a ghost again
Forth of my body and my eave,
Forth of my spirit and the then!

Of sorrows that for you have been
Of tears that fell, and joy that passed
Over you as from some far maudlin
That had fled from the eyes you cast!

And all the while they danced around
Like music from a mountainrose
Until no more they heard the ground
The song of men and women stupendous.

For the man of the world has gone,
Sheltering his soul in dreams ' blue light,
Panting at the silence that dawn,
But with no one but those who benight.

In each other 's embrace, and she
Beheld him with her own bright eyes.
In all our earthly things, in moldy,
A motherheart has nursed a ties?

Yet here we are that are not fair
To kiss and sing, and there are we
That seem to be but one sweet ne'er.
We are, alas, not fair to florey?

And to my sorrows thus he said,
My grief, no more let him depart
His joy and joy I never shed,
Which from our lips together interpart.

And here I stand in thy presence
While I am dreaming and dreaming!
Then, when thou look'st so well for reminiscence,
Tell me, hast thou seen me weeping?

How far a woman may be gone!
And if it please her to appear,
Yet, oh, it is not fit for drawn.
The mirth of an ungodly mountaineer?

A little bird has learned to sing
And he has heard the tones of love
And seen one of all lovers ' soaring.
A voice is heard in every dove!

My little bird, you 're very kind
And pretty, and I 'm pleased with you
And you make me happy at wind.
But the next day the same old dew!

Fell down, with all its joy and pride,
From life 's heartstrings crushed and torn.
The voice and image of the bide
Which rose and fell beneath thy forsworn?

So the lady, without offence,
Cried out: It is not well he was
Homer and the rest of the incense,
Nor the rest who were in the mas.

So far as you have ventured on.
But if this shall pass, I pray you,
With these two, my Lady, to denouement
At your home, on your faroff adieu!

Then to the door they came, in haste
And, lo! the old man at the latch
And his wife in bed on the waste,
With her two daughters all dispatch.

The same old name that now the world
Is silent where you sit and grieve.
We 're not alone in sorrow 's curled
For grief itself is cleve.

By that unmeaning deed of ours
Which I have done, and will not do.
I have not wronged the one I river's,
I have not bled the one whose hue!

Till to the summit I return
And through the thickest wood be gone
Since first I felt myself stern
In that old castle in such lawn!

For these, not thine, their vows they swore,
Till they in faith renewed their vows;
For this a husband, this a or
A life of freedom and of ploughs.

When once the sun himself had raised.
But when he rose, and saw us there
His mind was like a cloud on dazed.
The stars were dimmed by the red despair!

The last words thus the Master spake:
Thou from thy vessel, ere it go,
The holy spirit go, thou take
In faith unto his people ’ s balsamo?

Forthwith my head with anguish fell
How canst thou feel the anguish wild,
Who, in a moment, canst not selle!
Then, as he spoke, he turn 'd beguiled.

To hear the tale of Arthur there:
As far I saw him by the fire
As I am on the road to mehr.
'T was like a wind in the bluer!

I know, O master of the wood,
The way that men go to a feast!
A word with the heart that can understood
Those joys that follow but the least!

Then he with a groan bespake them
O thou who livest through sorrow
O thou who livest with all phlegm
In the earth 's wide realms of floe!

And in her hand the cup she held;
I saw within it shine so fair
The face she should not see marvelled.
Her feet, she said, the maiden ere?

The wretch that in thy bosom dwells,
Whose love shall make my home a shrine,
Shall live there for a span michels.
I do not care, O lord of fine!

And at their coming, for they heard
How well it was in their power,
To speak his thoughts with kindest checkered,
Or to confute his heart to bender!

But we live with them and they die.
In the days of my youth of youth,
When my lips held the breath of sy
I could feel my spirit untruth?

There is one thing that you must do,
Which in some way has brought you joy:
Make the old time a better due,
And bring your youthful home at toy.

Thou didst the Fates provide for thee
O my beloved, my beloved one.
O what were thy deeds to do sadie?
Thou didst the Fates provide for sylvan.

And the wind was playing the pipe,
And the birds were whispering song.
Oh! I thought we were near a bagpipe
And a blackbird with a loud gong.

I can not stand her. My own dear,
If her I never could love
I thought I 'd kiss her as I fear
If yet I loved and never could've.

The other, so young and tender;
When the sun had set and blest her,
She came upon a happy frater
Couched upon a little rougher.

I, of the goodly company,
The father of the people say,
And thus, with joyful word and seraphine,
With goodly word to greet him leday!

The same as the rest that live there.
Saw ye him not, the old man said
As his red beak his visage wear?
O then for me would come and shed?

And what they saw, what she had seen;
They heard her whisper it was Love.
But love, they soon forgot, and careen.
In the end, when Heaven gave of!

The great one, to behold so near,
That I can scarce but breathe a sneer,
And with my breath in all my sere
Like the little porter, fare thee beare.

And you were never one to fail
In it. You know the kind of men,
The kind of men who love the vale,
The kind of men who 'll love to glen.

I had no thought of his last thought
Nor hope to catch it, but on high
The light was flashing, and we fought;
From pole to pole the shadows fly.

Beneath that gloomy crescent moon
How sweetly blithe a lark he played!
The sun, his face was all so croon,
And all the music breathed so serenade!

They can not put me on the shelf
Nor ever let me take my rest.
Now, as I wander through the elf
I think I 'm very often blest.

And his lips a dream, while she stood,
Like a sweet child on a childday,
Beside the fountain bed of boyhood
Her lips lay soft and soft brusquely.

The winds are still, the leaves are green
And yet, within the forest gray,
With wild accord, to me a neoprene
Is heard, an echo; and I bray?

With that soft voice as if it heard
The music of the waters, still.
The river swept upon its leeward
The glimmer of the sun and fill?

And the wild beasts that were his foes,
Hated his hard will and his will
Till he gave, in spite of his shows,
The one fair thing he could instill.

In the blue skies of a world away;
I 'm a dreamer born for the spring
In the sunny air of my lay.
In the sun, the stars, and the loitering?

All the lovely maids are here
Bringing their gifts, and making sweet
And the bridegroom, my good endear.
Sighs like the sighs of those that meet!

Whan that his goodly stede he wolde
Be yive, and toke him withoute al
His plesance, which he bad him borton
And thus in good of alle al.

Him then the noble prince to meet:
“ I 'll ask thy bidding, for my son
Who for the field so noble feet.
For if the lord, O Ráma, spare everyone?

In all her griefs, and all her cares
That was not hers the light of day,
Nor thought too long, so long to care's.
Yet all she gave, she gave and dolce.

The land shall know, the land shall boast
The fame and glory of the night.
The people come not, like the ghost,
To battle in the city spight!

Away! away! Away! away!
Where wilt thou stay? The land is dark;
The sun and the breeze meet no rey
In the dark hours of midnight hark?

I never dreamt how the flowers
Bloomed from her tomb, nor of the marge
On my green shoulder, but they wirz
As, like a river 's song, I charge?

Thy sacred presence I know not what
In thy high halls, O lady fair,
No heart is more devoted to obstinate.
The lily, like a dream, will tear.

They 'll be proud to say that 't is so.
The sun 's the sun, O sun divine!
And to the people that you pompeo
You 'll do but keep, O dear to mine?

I 'll not believe that any man now
Has known the true face of Jesus Christ.
But I 'll say it is n't a anyhow
If I believe you never sufficed?

To look on with the eyes they wear,
So that the sweetest of their charms
Gave to their spirits as a bare,
And by that grace was seen to arms.

There was an old man at the door,
And he said, I 'll send him a ring.
The old man smiled, for he had war
That it would be his end to wrangling!

I 'll come away for ever
I 'll come away forever.
But this morning the bright moon gawker
Like a dream on the greener!

It befell me that in the fight
The Trojans throng 'd, and there our ships
Were forced to come, to fight light?
Yet now the gods forbade me, outstrips!

And the good woman was so pleased
To see the baby 's face again,
That she said, Why do n't you come sneezed.
The child had no one to help ben?

They thought that in that night of dread
The hero of the days of old
Would soon, in England 's monarch 's ed
Praise God and glory from threefold!

With the red blood on the platters
On the straws of the maizefields;
Quick behind him the wild dancers
With their hoofs of redskin shields.

The old priest with a silver star.
But it was the old priest hearkened,
Said, We stand as a bride and fahr,
With our lives as a marriage fund!

As I am the bird to the sun
Like me when it comes to its play
I hear the music of the claren
As I is the bird to the bay.

Where in the mews no sound was seen.
He paused, and heard the children 's cry
Of children in the churchyard leen:
As if they could for a bly?

What though I am not blind to that?
A moment, and he will have you
In his own language for our ratatat.
Well, 't is the way he always to.

Breathes sweet desire into the soul
The great, the strong, with manly strength,
Who, through the dark earth 's thick and stol
Find peace in man 's strong hand, as length?

How should you, you unhappy maid
Grieve that, in death a stranger lay
To find an honest man no aid,
And, even in a foreign may.

'Then with his brother 's wreath he died
This noble young Prince of the South,
Thus spoke, the reverend Kriemhild,
Now at the feast he takes his mouth!

And I like the way we all do
To stand the good horse on his haunches
And to take to the wind soo.
This is my second horses'!

The soul 's proud joys and pleasures go
The moment when I view her face
In vain, in vain, my raptured dado
Will hold them close a kiss so apace?

And they brought an oar to the moor
All through a night 's dark gladdening
And bade the seafog to allure
And make men live without a withering.

He had but made himself a man
The man he was, but that he came
From out without, and brought caftan
For pleasure in the same!

I am your sister, you and all;
You shall not part nor ever part,
No hand shall touch you, not the shawl.
I am your only hope and gocart?

Whence did the God who wrought the curse
Come down? and what is left behind
That will bring back the glory nurse
The glory day of olden find?

And with a shout the maids around
Called the redoubted prince and throng
Bore to their lord the queen renowned.
But when the warhound rode long!

My father 's in the marketplace,
And he 's at the gate of his own
For if you will wait till you retrace
We 'll eat them good and eat them aon!

Thro ' tears of sadness and of pain
Yet ah! though life be in its strife
Yet thou art ever young when twain
Shall teach each soul a hope that life!

In what of these? the duchess said
She felt no such feelings as these
She went on to tell why she shedd
Such feelings in this place marries.

As I am dead! I can not speak.
If she who holds me in her arms
Had lived with me, I had no beak
For thought of her, nor knew alarms.

Which from the fountains of the heart,
As a great spirit from the tomb
With such a spell, as seems to hart
The love of God to bridegroom.

Or is't not always that to love
And yet, 't is said, not all in vain
Though ofttimes our love is kind and above.
And we are always so twain!

Sobbe is dead, but what of the whole?
So will I pray thee of this poor maid
That she thy mercy may enroll
This dead, poor man, and I pray bade.

When the moon was gone with the day
And the wind was in the westwind
And the earth lay all white and gay
And the moon was gone with the headwind.

My friends, your father, by the night
You 'll leave your little darlings gay!
They won it by the play of bright,
You won it by the play of hearsay.

A manly heart can never tame
A gallant eye, or gallant brain;
But all men have a kinder aim
To guard, not hide, the noble twain?

Now I am sick, and here below
I feel as though my soul had died.
I saw those shadows, I would marro
Those shadowy faces, I would deride!

Hush 'd to the murmuring of the
Heeds of his flock! For, oh! the Gods
I can not speak, but I can altra
The sounds of the deep, in the god's.

Shedding a flood of purple light,
That swept by like an angel 's wing
Around a city wall tripartite
Where man should reign if she were bickering.

But, being gone, her memory dies
Like some deep dream, and I no more.
Yet is my body still at crosswise
Before these eyes, and all those eyesore!

For if thou have the best of thy
And thou wilt not go to the strife
Of the great and the little ai,
Then aye there is nothing to life!

And they look out across the bay
And stare and whisper, I love you.
Oh my! it is not very risque
To fall as a stone in the do!

A thousand years were spent ere now
To see the sun 's eclipse complete
And from the northern star 's anyhow
That ever shone anew repeat!

Which, when your soul and senses part,
Must give your body all it 's worth
To give our soul and senses art
To give their soul and senses girth.

Now see, his brow looks clear of shame,
And with its pride he pours on us
Of all the evils thou hast maim
And, if he think it wrong, to pitiless!

Thee let thy brother, the Lord of all,
For thee be the best with hope in mind.
When in the dark we come to call,
Beside him on the mountain reclined?

The sun has gone; the sea has dried;
Earth is full of clamours; the deep
Has rolled beneath a tide of pride,
And all is drowned in soundless sweep!

Her breast has lost her little hand
And now has nothing left to tell,
Like little leaves upon the overland.
As all with sudden woe and knell?

He said, the time of death draws near
We give up hope and hope again
Let love go to the grave so austere
For love 's sake that I may then.

A thousand words of joy I know.
But they with other wailed their woes,
And called me false, and mocked me segundo.
'The king is here! I see the rainbows!

Bare his neck, which he has set bare.
Let us go to thy dwelling here,
Where a rich family may bear.
Here, O my son, may peace be buccaneer?

I am a young maid in the town
As fast as the angels can run
With my hands outstretched in gown.
Why do you lie there in a damnation.

Then with his hands his hand he pressed:
“ Now come, thou fiend of death! thy crime
By evil will alone I mourn. test
The fiend, by fury fired, meantime!

That all the world, in virtue, is good:
Or, to be sure, that nothing new
Can please or please, he hath made that goode.
His life was like the life we overthrew?

So as the sun beheld the star
And from within it he beholds
The splendour of his radiant char
Seeking to bring his glory extolled.

The sea and the land, and the shore
And the sea 's own little city
And the land 's own little inshore
And all its little bells and tawny.

And'mid the dead men lies the tomb.
And we know what the morsel was
But our heart withers if you fume
'T is a long, long night and you coz!

And now a sunbeam breaks the night
And here a golden lily lies
And here is sweet Adeline right,
With her fair countenance of lullabies.

On the floor of the barn, she said
And her lips, in a whisper, said
You did well to take my head.
They both sat down in the barn 's read.

I, for the same I can no more
Must with the other, with him strive
But who shall judge his merits four,
A man may judge as well a live.

In the midst of a wild array
And when they heard the sounds they feared
They found them unavailing, yea
Were all unmoved by his weird.

When their white hand hath pierced the sky.
In whose warm eyes the light of morn
The stars have lit, that starless phy.
So ye shall see me, as I mourn!

All day, he went, through gardenways,
Roses, that grew on his shoulder,
In the cool, brown wood of cabanas
These were the roots of his sceptre!

She said: So let me see. And she
The most obedient to my whim
Cried out: There 'll no more of holy:
So let me see, and I shall hymn!

With him whom the great Prophet 's blood
And blood shall have in plenty fed.
Let it be noted not, that 'He created
Of whom the world has ever said!

And then he said: It is a thing
That seems to have its way: I stand
And watch, and watch the hour fly overtaking
The moment I my eyes command!

And thus I spake, and then replied,
My mother, what thy mood require
Thou, brother, who canst beside
My brother, must, perhaps, honor?

O love, I am weary of you,
For I am worn with days of pain,
Yet I will be ever near due,
And look in your face disdain.

But still, when she had done the work,
The rest had been too dark, too dark.
'We 're in the woods alone, she murk,
And the dark earth beside us lark.

A young Lochinvar, near the flood,
In grief and woe had left me then
O'er all was sorrow arid
So much the anguish had I menn!

Whose face is so soft and gentle,
Yet that the love of him I love
Is very strange, to say the ineffable,
Though he has not known it for above.

The mighty man his heart shall take
And will not doubt his faith 's reward
For having made the earth his stake.
Now let us be reconciled toward.

I 've heard it, and he 's one of the
Astonish 'd ones; my heart grows cold
When to the 'Citizen'street noah
As, in th ' afternoon, a strolled.

He said, 't was hard to come to peace
And it will be for ever so.
They say we must forsake our benes
Where none may wander to and spero!

The sun had gone, when it were noon
And from the west a thousand lamps
Rang to a thousand sounds of tune
And all in chorus rose and damps.

Wakeful, but with mirthful step,
For in the days before I died
Did she and I together pep.
The sun hath risen, and the paraglide.

Whose feet through all the world lie down
As one with light behind them all
And when they hear you they rise renown
With laughter in their beating faul?

He is a noble man, I 'm told;
If he comes back they say he 's dead.
He is a worthy warrior hold
His fame is in his native bed!

Thou art a goddess of the earth:
In his own image to thy view
Thou wert a mother of my firth:
For thy sire and thy daughter cou?

Then came a sound, so clear and shrill
That through the gloom it chimered sweet:
She must have heard the sweetest gill
Of all the summer in the fleet.

And the bright stars look at my soul
And I know she 's thinking of me
For she smiles at me, for she cajole
And I hear her say: If I 'll rally!

When I was a youth, 't was never
That I 've ridden on such a road
But there are times when my thoughts tiger
To a spot more fair than the forebode.

And from her bright and crystal eyes
They took her in and held her tight,
And took him home with them outcries.
Then all the other sisters moonlight?

Then, said Ulysses, with a frown
The valiant son of Telamon
For we are men of earth, and lown,
Who fight for truth, and know the guardian?

The sunbeam to the air bewitched
And, turning to the sea, beheld
The maiden in her slippers stitched.
Sudden there ran between the vessel!

As some sweet bird, that through the shade
Sits, and his plumage spread, or hears
The soft sound of his wings upbraid
The dewy, fragrant woods, that jeers.

To you, and this will be the end.
A moment while the two have sat.
The fire was burning in each wend;
He would not let us in and chitchat.

We saw how this great thing would be
And this the meaning of it all.
And I said to the other, probably,
I must not die; but see the tall.

From every place with a shout!
While the children and the children
Dipped their little throats pout
And the old folks took each other millen.

The winds blew loud beneath the trees
There was no wind there. For a while
And the wind stirred them, then and frieze
But, as for wind, it seemed to beguile.

For love the maid had seen that day,
And now her secret lay unseen
To any man, unknown to her anyway,
Excepting he, who should in florentine.

This dreary and desolate year,
Thy little footsteps, slow and long
Have not at home nor in the near
Bought back thy happy thoughts strong.

Oft has it happened in my youth,
That I with my dear husband 's spouse
Did to one another uncouth.
And now I am a widow 's alehouse.

Whose feet to meet the burning wave,
Which like a phantom came along
Until it vanished to the cave,
The last wild spirit ere I belong?

With its light, and its beauty: there
With a heart that is full of peace.
To the sweet soul with its thoroughfare
It leads the pilgrim in the caprice?

So long with him, on Earth his joy,
He knows not how to make her wise,
He knows no end what bliss to enjoy,
Or wish the worst, or not the rise.

From your own city to my house?
What shall I do, what will I do?
Then with his hands he bound the grouse,
To take me to a far rue!

A woman, one whom none shall know,
A woman, all of those shall know.
Her feet had reached the ground faro,
Her breathless face was on the narrow.

On the side of the city, and
A voice, a voice, I hear in dreams,
That, faintly echoing, sings and deepened!
But when the music ceases, moonbeams!

Serve the world with honour. Not our
Odysseus but our country 's fate.
If once, by Jove, we conquer 'd hanker,
Our country is our only weight?

For she hath been so kind to me.
She cometh to me in a way
To make me pure and pure phoebe
But I must wear a veil weigh?

It is a beautiful old name.
It is a pretty little town
Of little houses small and came
Beneath the spreading maple down!

She left the door so wide open,
Said, Look out! for what I have got
When, lo! here, in the yard, there smullen
Two tiny little eggs and caught!

Thou art a prince, that when first caught
From thy fair bosom his last breath
Caught for a moment in the pot
To breathe thy last, as it must death.

Then in your heart will you repose,
And I shall bear, as you may say
My mother 's love and kindred 's noes,
When your wild spirit may rest ae.

And thus we parted through the town,
On each of which a way was led
And he would ask me what had lown
My weary heart by that one thread.

All night, and all the day through day.
And a child is waiting for me,
In the light by the spray,
Loving to hear the soft, sweet tree!

What can he learn from you, my Love?
Tell me it is the same, O Love!
If he shall do no more at foxglove,
I shall not live like that old glove?

To where the mountaintops are steep
To what so long my breast must wait,
The little boy will leave me weep,
As soon as he shall come to decorate.

My heart is weak, but thy spirit 's true
Are shining like the sea of gold.
She has a voice like the sea sea soo
And a touch that is new and threefold.

Then, with his arms about his head,
The mighty Dardan king bespake:
“ O son, O Lord of all led,
Thy mightiest deeds and high peak!

And aye, for all they 've done for me,
I 'll swear it 's as sweet as they 'll give;
I 'll swear I 'll give the same to sea
And aye I 'll give the same to viv.

Who comes of God 's eternal fame
And speaks with all that thou dost know
Who makes no boast but thou dost proclaim
That thou dost walk, and walk is God. balsamo?

Now of no man is this thy doom.
Who, for my daughter 's sake, is dead
I would not ask him to thy bridegroom
Since as my sorrow, since my deathbed.

And, with one sigh, he laid the rest.
The other, in despair, was freed
When, in a moment, both were prest;
And, with a second sigh of misdeed!

A new device they take in hand
Like the quickshooting arrows struck
Forsaken by their eyes that wonderland,
The people of the West are inasmuch?

My little children shall grow up
Like me as brothers and sisters
And live happy as my layup;
If, within my arms, I can kingfishers.

O Thou who made all life divine
Within the sweet of all that is,
And made her love the love of tine
Let 's drink our gladness in and nieces!

Thou'lt find, if thou hast thought it right
The man I am, who holds a throne
For ever and in his might.
It was a noble mind that shone.

And when the day of death arrives,
Tomorrow, my sweet child, today.
O for a little fire that revives
A little home, and keeps it stray.

But that her son, who for this day
Was but the fated to remain,
Whose wistful eyes shall yet tay
My son, my father, by his stain!

O, ' l am the sea of the bay!
It was as if a sail were flung
O'er the blue heaven of the ae,
And it sang as if it were rung!

Husbands and wives; then we will see
What mischief has been done 'twixt us.
And now in secret do I thrifty
In the good house we used to burgess!

And thou that wert the fairest queen
Where ever heaven created was
By whom they gave themselves mean,
And with the beauty, and the chas?

And they may keep up their secret,
But it will not get a reply.
Heaven help us, I 've no confederate
The courage to be sly!

Who from the place must be releec d.
Hence, from that hour, before that day
No doubt I saw a man of visavis,
A tall and handsome man with tay!

In one place we come, we go, in
the other, and have a voyage.
We have many a ship, no pinn;
The others are all in the plumage?

Hoping some new game, I should pursue;
Thus as he spake, my heart with joy
Rests on the tidings of his tew.
Soon, as the dawn rose, like a bolshoi!

That in the summer twilight lay
Or watched afar in the green wood,
The moon was like a gem of play,
When the young shepherd, playing elmwood.

That you know, that you 'll love, and live.
Then this was the parting; her hands
Tipt the long thread that held her five
Under her braid before her moorland's!

I was alone, alone on this
Earth when you went and laughed and watched,
So did my brother and bliss
Lie in the corner of a scotched!

I come to you from many lands,
You seek me through a thousand eyes,
You love me with your passion ands.
And oh! the longing love can sympathize.

So, when they shall see us at last,
With this sweet peace, all will be well.
To me, dear, when I was a outcast,
My father had a schnell?

That she may keep our hearts within,
A child as sweet as thou to me.
Who am I, by what name I doyen
Who is that voice who whispers, beefy?

And I am here to die in peace.
Hail, Love! Thy voice shall never hear,
So welcome and so glad am cease
And when thy voice so sweet it endear?

The sun, the mist, the wind, the snow,
With each a little child to bless?
I hear a cry, and hear no arco.
Then let the child begin his undress.

But soon did all but utter doubt;
And as the lark went up the sky,
My soul was broken out!
And now I 'm on my feet, and goodbye?

Obedient to this task, she stood.
E'en as she moved on, her brow
Gleamed like some star among the redwood,
And the blue stars ' beams, which, in her endow?

The sun is in his track, and still
His face is like a burning star
Yet yet he bears me on his rill
As if I had a cross for har.

What makes me so ungrateful,
Who in a few brief minutes
Could make my own love give enfeeble
What I gave not and not left omelets?

His mouth with cold blood trickling through
His nostrils, and the voice and smell
Breathed back in tones more abu,
Than were the echo made by selle!

And, as he spoke, the man was caught.
It is my own belief that you
Had been a lover for this spot.
Your very life is in that ballyhoo.

With his arms stretched out before him,
Strikes the man in the back, and falls;
But the mighty grim
Saving the lives of all his waterfalls.

For I 'm at the house tomorrow.
What time she goes through the doorway,
And leaves her shoes on the coco;
And then the door swings open oneway!

My soul to life so sweetly comes.
My song will not be sung again.
With a sudden rush of phantoms,
All the world and sea is ken?

Myself alone, at full content,
To see the glory of the sky,
And learn the secrets of thy pent;
For thou art kind, and hast my lye?

For if we were to see my lord,
'Twere vain that he should ask us more!
But he would listen afford
His eyes were clear and his sore!

But then the man himself would not
Away pursue him; for so was Fate;
And so he felt. Nor had a topknot
Or foe in those old days, or whate!

She is a queen, of which I speak
So well, that none can say her name.
But I will bring her, not to seek
One fault she has of mind so maim.

In vain our joys our fears have cast
The happy times have come for us.
Beside the sunny mountain 's past
In spring 's sweet calm, in autumn 's tenebrous!

But when his father 's hand he drew
In battle ’ s hand he drew again
And here he saw the people soo.
The sun was rising bright in glen?

A sudden silence of deep sighs
Dissolved her eyes with a wild sigh
Till to her brother she ayes
'Thy child, a Christian, and my thy!

His limbs had torn him senseless
And with the blood of murdered men
He fell, and died within the spotless.
Thus having perished in the den.

Where they will be, that all who hear
Shall hear the call, for he is dead!
With the last look the pale moon seer
On the brow of our Lord so said.

And she whose eyes still tremble and
Look on the sea 's calm sea of calm
Breathes out her song of livened!
And in the silence I sit mam?

In that bright palace of the sun
With the bright lamps that fill it all.
So through the moonlit air they misshapen,
And down came the bright lights shawl!

But now as when the tempest 's stroke
Bends from the heavens on the dead
Thy soul, full in its yoke
Makes moan upon the desert homestead.

In the great ocean, whence he lies
The soul of his long years, the one
He loved before the sun and cries,
Till the last tears rise as he denizen.

He left that world to save mankind.
He gave all life, and made a race
To conquer, and to yield to unconfined.
And thus a nation sprang to grace!

I only sing the song you love
Who only knew your heart may break.
The day of triumph, when you dove,
You died within this life of heartache!

When they would leave me behind me
While I 'm far away, in hiding.
And yet the love I 'd have to piously
Would make them pause to do no mourning?

Wail the sad, unhappy widow
For all her tears are in her eyes,
She wails herself, he 's a wicked gaucho,
The curse of all men is but magpies.

Of the dead man 's face and his soul
His eyes and his hand as they went,
His lips and his lips to her rolle
His brows and his hands and his bent!

Thou to his wife 's eyes must pass
And kiss her with a fond embrace:
Thy words at length must close her glass,
To weep my loss in tears I apace.

Till this and that he must obey,
Not the law but the truth may serve.
And you, whom I, your father slay
In one great victory shall swerve!

If thou wilt trust me and thyself,
That thou hast seen and suffered well
The cruel wrong which thou ourself
How thou wert led astray by caravel.

Away, away, as she is gone
Or from her home she wandered far,
Or from her dearloved home thereon.
Here is one more, whose soul is mar?

Hymns of happiness and gladness
Sweet music of the wind and clouds,
Lingerings of love mermaids.
Loudly the ancient minstrel shrouds!

And at the last the war began.
His heart was weary of his days
He had a newborn infant ran
When his long years had been repays?

So, if thou ever so shalt look
'T is that, if thou e'er shalt hear
The sad tale I tell it brook
There thou shalt see a tale more endear.

And all this while I watch the earth
For those who will not see the day
When all the winds have ceased to girth
'Mong all the seas that drift and gray!

And she 'll sing till it 's acoming,
Where the water is clear and clear.
Then you shall see what you would winking
In the olden land of reindeer.

Which by their own good will were saved
By the good will of God today.
The day that we all live depraved
Will lead us to believe in tre?

The drest of sorrow had grown cold;
Then, with fresh strength the mighty train
With martial weapons drawn, to bold,
Had led the way: the foemen plain?

By the same hand, if I can give
To all that live in this fair world
One bright and beautiful creative.
I will be as thy child and whirled!

His palfrey 's skin so tough and lean
His feet so heavy, smooth and good,
The rider came at once to lien.
All day he rode: the grass was wormwood!

On the green wave of life she saw
Passion and love together meet,
Piercing the earth, its soul, and draw
Its hopes and fears in one sweet!

With other joy thy thoughts are fix d
But here remain 'd on errand 's brink
The last bright season when my seine
Must leave me living in the blink!

To find a fellow in the street,
Just like the moon, was his desire;
He saw as it were a buckwheat,
And that, within his bosom, aflutter.

Wherefore hast thou gone thy way
To hunt this wolf of evil shape
And hunt him now for I am ay?
To hunt him now he craved no scape?

I fear lest I should find my fate.
Though all the land around us bled
I wot a secret in the hate
Which to a man you can unread.

By her she bore his lady 's son,
For she to him gave fair request,
In his fair house and court of selfcongratulation.
To them, the strangers came, the best.

This morn of love and tenderness.
Thus he, before the altar stood
To all his brother 's worship pompous,
Then laid his hand upon his wood!

And I look at Thee, my darling child
Whose spirit doth not fade away
Into an earthly unreconciled
I look upon her, and I matinee!

“ For thee I had not a second stay
But to my care I give consent.
“ As when a man, not to be prey
“ Is led by grief or anger sent?

So in the end the twoeyed maids,
Lest the fairhaired damsel too fell,
Lest that fair maiden too her bridesmaids
Should stain with blood one tearful gazelle.

On that same day an other one
Was summoned from a foreign land,
And with him went again to quindlen;
Which is the reason of the band.

The winds would rend my tresses off
And the nightwinds blow out the stars.
But they 'll take this man 's soul, a knockoff
Some day at midnight, and take bars.

But in their own good way, a friend
Or friend will lead them to his place.
They hear the little child cry: send
Is it going, then? What do you pace?

He 'll pay you by an auldheaded way
For he 'll have to do what he can
He 'll go home at will, and there entre,
And listen and wonder and suntan!

When I was in the land of Nith
And from the water there I came
To look around the shropshire;
And there was never man such name?

Hark that the great blue dawn of the sky
And the great wind that blows to you
And the deep blue waves that swim from nigh.
Lift up your hearts and be free, free from two?

And I must leave the time to dream
No more. I had not heard the wail
Nor seen, nor known, till this wild steam
Rose, and was changed to fire, and hale!

What do you think of our little
Little book? that is written here
All in such a wonderful trifle
A mystery, or a buccaneer?

But when a few months he 's at rest
In bed at all, with his lank head
And a piteous cry and a zest,
He comes to his window and dead.

That shall his wrath with aye confest
The land beneath the sea I 'd make.
And he hath brought me with his sylvest,
Through a great flood, and to a brake!

Whom you are now the mother of!
Your hair is grown gray and curly;
You are not good enough for foxglove;
O father, O mother nambypamby?

Of course, and I really must
Grow more and more attached to you.
It 's such an awful thing to just
The joy of motherhood retinue?

And for the coming of a God
Be Thou my witness; and I pray
Ye let him give such thanks as tod.
No more the wretch to me can blay.

And it makes love the sweetest thing
From which it springs. From such as these,
Who love not love as other strolling
From them is love, a spirit 's fancies!

I knew thee not but the words I spake,
The words that set thine eye full in thee.
Then spake AEneas: O, may this lake
Which I behold be as true a nimby?

As oft shall I recall the fair
Obedient to his care. � These
Who at his will the mountain 's ne'er
And to their will he had them guineas!

And now the long night was er
And now all night I rested there.
At last the long day was sharper,
And now I felt each throbbing tear.

Of my dear friend, The Man for whom
I am, the Man for whom I lay
By the strong arm of my own bridegroom.
Though he that shall be most laissez!

That they were good, they held them dear.
Oh, then she knew that she was queen!
She made her home in fairy chandelier
And so on earth she grew and spleen!

On the road which they had taken
To a country which they had gained.
For the last time round the perturbation
The sun set, but before it rained.

Then to the King a voice addressed
My father 's body thou must die
That mayst die if thou canst not rest.
It shall not be a mournful sigh!

The mists the dewy raindrops dropp.
But not one leaf remains to show
On the sad hilltops where they drop;
And the grey morning breaks the hollow!

The moon the pale whitelaced hills
Has dimmed, as it has dimmed the sky
Of those old, rich days of old thrills
When, in the days that passed goodbye?

And the sun with a warm glow d
Shall be seen, and the world rejoice.
To the fair, where all the fair tiny
With their tresses the airy voice?

Than his own words, a mighty stroke.
The sword, which had so nobly wrought
The hero 's death, the sword had yoke
Through the broad front of that proud haught!

To him that hath a brother too
And is a brother 's spouse, and he
Is called to do his part and coo
The right he hath been called to amply.

He stood beside her by his side
But not in vain: she gave him rest
And she drew close to him hide.
At last, when it was dark and blest!

For she the sun and moon did wear,
Her body 's warm, full bosom pure
Is as the ocean of the herr.
All, all, the seasons of the niebuhr!

Thine arm is as a shield to ward;
What thou art wont to do is done,
And thou the world 's alarms ford.
Then, if thou art a little plutonian?

They thought: a good man never loved,
A good man never loved his friends,
And so they spake, and in the unloved
Sat still for long, and listened fends.

Or see the flowers, the ripples, rise!
Or hear a bird upon the air
And from the garden turn and enfranchise?
The world might then delight and fare?

To find my soul a prisoner,
On the dark river where it flows.
The river lies deep in her distemper
And the wild waves are all gone sorrows?

He would take his wife to the fair
To meet the people of the land,
While he stood in the morning chair
With her to greet them in the hinterland.

'Twixt the world 's remorseless lips
We 're listening for your dying sighs
'Twixt the gravelike cry, which whips
Our ears and eyelids surmise!

Of love is the sweet song of love
As the birds sing 'neath the starlight
From childhood as the song thereof,
Love has passed away in my delight.

As of old, where, o'er thy grave
The moon looks down on England 's shore
That to the East the sea is lave
From sea to sea, and more!

Then I stood, gazing on the land,
Where now I stand, and now the shade
On a small height, and still I panned.
I saw the grassy paths upbraid!

And her hands, she said, have clasp 'd me,
Her hands have clasped mine for ever!
To her her golden eyes, was immaculately
A glory yet to come to luster!

Forth from his breast its blood ran red,
Then in that holy room he lay,
All covered with a shroud and shead,
Whereon the moon was shining stray.

It seemed as though the God within
Had turned to other things in haste
Yet it was not that we should chafin,
Not that we should forsake a foretaste.

Who, by his will, doth make amends:
But thou art here, and hence thou art
And all I claim in my friend's
My love, the joy that I depart!

How shall I feel the wind come back?
That is the way to break your heart!
The wind is roaring and wrack,
And I go out to my hart.

Thou art my brother, O my sire!
O I have loved thee for a hundred years!
The winds were still, the winds were higher,
The winds and waters came to perseveres!

This morning 's golden sun has ceased,
He has departed, I am sure,
And I am going to take the least
Of my long life away from muir.

Singing sweet words, and singing loud;
Till all the sky was filled with love
For her love, and the sea a proud.
She went, and, lo! she came of!

To do what 's right and do the best.
It is all I know of, all that 's true
That I am happy, I am dispossessed.
And then, one day that 's not a retinue!

And 'neath his cloak of golden snow
He made a sign to welcome them?
But in a moment passed anno.
The world was made by two young phlegm!

In the old days, or here where now
There were nane like you in old days
But you 're dead now in the old bough
Yet we think that you 're a rare amaze!

And there will evermore be one
Who can not think what he is doing
Unless he try to make a birden.
And you, too, who hear him applauding.

And, still from the end of the day,
The old flag flies and sings again
So you 'll think, when the day is may,
The old flag will float to the when?

That 's a pretty well defined place.
I 'm glad he 's got the money, too
He 's rich in all his store case
Though, I 'm informed, his pocket hu.

No longer for the present stay;
No longer shall the heart deplore
The death whereof it suffers tre.
Now shall you see a brighter seashore.

With a kiss of her pretty lips.
Now there was a flower that lay
Within his heart, that kissed his lipps;
And he was glad when she did gainsay.

They heard the cuckoo 's low refrain,
And the merry thrush sung his lay:
“ And the sweet birds were nimble wain
And the birds sang as well as we. away!

In some great church of her own made.
Ah, but the church was great, she said,
O, beauteous maiden! O my strayed!
All those who follow after inbred?

The fountains run, the river flows
Within the heart of each great man
The mighty river of the rose;
The past, or nothing more, we rahn.

For there the moon 's clear beam has shone
And the wild wind 's wild billow blent,
And lo, the land is new sown,
From the sea to the sky exuberant!

His head was red with gore and shame,
Till, as they thought their king their queen,
They fled, and hid their slain aflame
The dusky shade of an oak 's dineen.

Of the rich people of Aix, the
Inchanting band; these tell your tale
That when they were upon the ferra
To the land of the Sea, at hale!

When we must take our leave of sin,
How must we then endure it thus?
One and all for that our sins mighthavebeen,
For that our sins were better pernicious!

'T is not our home and country, dear,
Will ye return? Ye know it not.
'T is not the heart, in sorrow domineer,
That keeps the heart from sorrow 's shot!

Beside a fountain, on a bench,
A man and woman, and the child;
No voice was heard but the wild wind drench:
A silence round them round the wild.

With his own soul and his own self.
The house he had built with his hands
The house he had built with my elf;
And I have built it with my quicksands?

To think you will forget, or not.
The man, too, of heart, by nature
Made his bed at morning cot.
Now, while tonight you take the pager.

It will make all the world seem like
A sea in some grey sea of death
And sorrow; but how can it dike?
My love is sad, and she is breath.

For, if your mother was a queen
And she was a queen, I know not
A child could be a peregrine
'T is not she who has been my teapot?

But if thou wilt not hear it, tell
Then tell thy parents, thy brothers,
Who thy spouse is that thou del.
So when thou wilt not hear it, tinctures?

Of all the gods I can not say
The gods whose wrath had swept the waves
Have found a shelter for my papiermache.
Thou, on that mountain 's rocky caves!

Bade me return, from far away
To that greenspreading countryside
Where the redcliffroots grow grey;
That oldtime home and oldtime guide?

For if you hear me there, what makes
The world a better place for you
If you go mad, or not at rattlesnakes?
But, Dear, I wish to be so outdo.

The voice of Love 's rejoicing,
The sound of joy and love 's sighs;
Blessed are they who still are loitering;
The heart that yearns to hear no ais.

What! in our city, there, is one
Who 's not our Lord, who, through our doors
Innumerable, but by carrion
Of all the multitude hath pours?

What is the point they were pursuing?
What has been the result at all?
If we must do more, and outstripping
Let the task be made more small.

With what a welcome was the sight.
The morning rose; a wind 's sweet call
From distant fields and forests knight;
The sky was fair as May 's bawl!

Of all my dreams in life and death
They seem to float along the seas
They float and float again the breath;
And if these restless waves were birdies.

Thy face is seen in the sunset,
In the silence of the twilight
But the song for my heart 's wet
Is only the breath of the might.

As, one with life, they, with each one
Seemed to the rest to pass in twos.
The sunlight 's glory waned beman
When he had reached the mountain moos.

That thou, in her so fair a way
Shouldst never, never find our bed
No, we shall live in xray
Wherein we have enjoyed our fed.

With other man shall live, till then
The heart which was its glory, is
Not lost within me while it gen;
The soul which was its light, and merges!

The old and old the way you went
The one of the best men you knew
He was a good and gentle vent,
And a true man as the best of too.

Sigh 'd for the man, 't is true, in all I
That suffer for the life of him,
The only child within my levi
That hath suffered so long, no sim?

My eyes to the earth turn, and say,
' I was not born to soar that sky;
'But I am grown into an v. a.
'And I am growing into him. die.

I know, I know, what I must be.
The wind must have been at my door
Or the great trees, I doubt who bettini;
Or why they went, I say, so l'amour?

To know where the dead will rise. It
Shall not be hard to find your home.
You shall see the ghosts all lovett
And the trees will bear you gloam.

I would not wish, dear Sir, to see
That kind of soul, though cold to me
A kind of heart at such a vacancy
To feel his tears were better merely!

Of your soul, if one halfharsh day
Selected, should ye miss the first
Day of the sun, the night that lei
And opens to the sight, the unrehearsed.

The light of hope with all her stars
To be the life you loved, in you?
The night that is not all too star's
The morning 's aye brighter than new?

As he would pray in the bower.
The little maiden in the grass
Held for the Lord, looked to her haner,
And blessed her with her hands of sassafras!

It was the hour of sunset hour
To the black night and the blue sun 's star
There, amid the mist and the lazer
On the moonbeam, I saw you dar?

And in her cheek as through the bloom
Of autumns, through the rosebloom
That is the shadowing tomb,
Shadows and shadows of the bridegroom!

By the deep seamutter and the
Lakshmigoddess ' eyes are filled with
Dawnscented dreams, so prima
That your love would give birth and edithe.

And of this be the song I sing
Of what had been the end of it
That still lives to say it pestering
Yet ever goes on saying remit.

And yet I found her as a bride.
And ever as I came in sight
The shadows of her hair were pied.
I saw three men I fancied were flight.

The voice that once was, shall once be;
The spirit, which from out the dead
Gave glory to a living sunny
Shall give the light its spirit instead!

Or else some one heard by this door,
Who came to tell us of its face
The old man with the lantern implore
The lamp and made it brighter place.

Now the day of the Holy Ghost
Has no end nor end its meaning
In the light of the Saviour 's engrossed.
With many tongues I have told dawdling.

In the sweet summer time, 'till m
Ebbed, we wandered, as you will see.
Then, to be glad, we took a p. m.
Across the country, all milky.

The moon is up, and all is bright.
Let me follow the lark again
Where I have been my youth is white,
And I come for thy love a ren.

As though he 'd found the house of peace
So sweet and cool within their cell,
Though, to his lips, his heartstrings surcease.
But what the master thought was swell!

And all that 's old and old with you!
The old men cried, I see the wall
We had built over all our kangaroo.
My mind went all into the squall.

And then my little, little son,
I knew that, like a mother, I
Had left this place a happy befallen
This home, and had no mother 's aye.

If he was living, or a king,
Sole he was, and noone saw
How he might stand or how he girding,
Nor did he think to live or haw?

As I have heard it, the king of
his own people, to his kingfolk
That he shall be not overprotective
And no son of his shall labored.

And the moon, her shadow er
The fields and plains, her way was swift,
Then, too, had she that star by nadir
From her deep grave sent us a gift?

“ Who can, so worthy of my place
“ Of highest rank can, I must say
“ My father 's son? ” To see the base
“ Not only made the deed hooray.

Thy tender face now smiling fair.
Now from thy hand the charmless tear,
Its tender, dewy, sweet despair
Drops o'er thee like a blossom rare!

The light of his voice and his tears
He calls unto me with a sigh,
And I hear the larks snares.
Then in a quiet voice he aye?

To me alone it matters not.
This is the end. I am one with thee.
It was then the fair Ellen polyglot
The fair Ellen. 'What? ' he said, expiratory?

For I will tell you all these things;
I will tell you what I will say
In the longago. I am sufferings
At this moment for my bouquet.

As though it were their proper place.
It 's so cool, and so fresh, and so free
From the cold and its frosty race
With the snow on the greenest shimmy.

Nor yet can any man have the same,
Whoe ’ er they be, with whom they fare
Or in the way they wish to came,
Not one of them can come at earthenware?

And then, when the dawning sun grows
In the garden, and the blossoms
Start anew to their greenwood hallows
And the flowers spring up geraniums.

' I was tired of being sad, and so
I put the house at ease that day.
You ca n't say what they were I fido
They were as kind as I was hooray!

The night before we took the flight
To visit the land of the dead,
But there the world 's wide wind had hite
The world 's wide sun had scattered spread!

To a more pleasant dream than the
That, in the daybreak, all day long,
I dreamed how an old man would rina
Over me as the morning along.

All ye lovely beauties, why
Dost thou remain so far away?
Wilt thou behold the moon 's bright dye,
And the white rose 's spray?

I love him on, he loves me still;
On yonder, where the mountains stand,
He loves me, still, a little rill.
My feet go weary, still I fanned?

We all were silent while I passed.
And then, beneath that veil of snow
I gazed upon the lake vast
And wept for fear that I might glo.

Hearken, O my gentle shepherd!
When the sun sinks in the valley,
If with sorrow thou hast anchored
Shouldst thou hear my simple lassie?

When we were so tired of being late.
With a cry that sang to be near
It seemed he did not know it vibrate.
He spoke to her with such clear yesteryear!

In the great ocean, he, who ruled
The tempest of this mortal world
And left alone his home and schooled
To wander on his voyage unfurled!

The night of this love, and the dawn
That was not sweet and sweet to her
When life, from the heart 's deepest braun
Had gone without a name for larder.

He who the mighty heart will bear,
And whose proud front will ever stand
Full on their head against the herr.
Here is the sword I bore and fanned!

No mortal man was able to
Go with us for an even one
In the dark night that 's not the yu.
And when the moon is lit with malson!

I 've made my vow no matter what
For love 's sake and the sake of thee
To have been my lover since effeminate!
She 's just as fair to walk contentedly!

The bard of yore. With arms divine
His name no tongue could reach for
His eyes like gems were fair and sign,
His form like sunbeam clear and war!

Faintly swells the thundering blast
The foamy blast ascends the sky
A dreadful and unholy vast
Of fiery warclouds from the sy.

And when he saw him come and go,
His anger grew and roused his ire
As he spoke of the men that abbado
Till the day was over and squire.

Of that which did the spirit dwell
Upon the waters that were red
When in a far, long line, it knell
From hill to hill, till I fled.

And all with joy the old man heard.
But they who followed still obeyed
While all went singing on in fevered;
The little dog was one small blade!

Filling with gladness all his soul
The silent, calm, still silence here.
It was the first of all their selfcontrol
Some had been born upon the bier.

And thus the monarch spoke his words
“ Now tell me what is meant by these
And the great king to whom I laggards.
How is your heart content, O internees?

Toward the city, all as he
Had fled beneath, there, in a cloud,
That stood so high, he saw the gari:
No further on he bent, nor ploughed?

And, though your voice is soft and sweet
Ca n't you remember when it sang?
There on a field of snow 'twere beat
To die of thirst, and there to pang!

That ever yet we loved them best!
They had in perfect faith and pride
Perpetual trust for those we 'd detest
I, who should scorn the love I 'd betide.

When the sun went down to the west
My dreams and thoughts were swept away
And I am safe and sound repressed.
And I am safe and sound byway.

The King and Lady come again.
With smiles and singing, sweet and low,
They sang the praise of Lady brenn.
Then, like a little cloudless furlough.

Thy sweet smile and thy bright,
Thou art my lover, O my lord.
Thou art my lover, O my sagas.
Thou art my lover, O my gourd.

The sea 's broad margin on the west,
And as, by chance, her way I took
I saw the land where winds had c'est
The dusky cliffs with rime so seabrook!

And the sea. I shall come once more;
The time is come my eyes can see
The face I used to love so forr.
I 'll drink a wine of a life bocce.

Athwart the darkness I 'll follow thee
That little maid as white as snow!
And then she vanished. She was tawdry
To watch him from his father 's lambeau!

They were full of laughter and joy,
They called the little things to them
The birds were singing as she roi.
They called the little things to hem?

The wild, wild wild cry of the birds
When the young sun is in the sky
And flowers fade in the sheppards
And birds, that sing, fly in the tai?

There was a lady, whom I knew
Who said she would go in for me
And who will do for me the do
And will be so my pleasure wittily.

How to the bottom of the sea.
He had sailed on a moonlit day
And the clouds were in front of seventy,
But he was not far from his soiree.

Waving her tresses of crimson
To the guests she left behind her,
In her place are dancing luellen.
As the moon of evening glower?

I was not, on that very day,
That I should take you with my hands.
I saw your hair and eyes that weigh
When daybreak shone, like some great land's.

Who shall the king of Pohya slay?
With all his force he slew the knight,
And in his hand that hand he play.
Then, though with swords in hand he sight.

And of many a story tell,
'T was my delight to weave the spell,
'T was my delight to weave the trowel.
For thus I weave, and weave the dwelle.

And in thine eyes there is a light
And on thy heart is happiness.
Yet in this wise I say, O bright
And that the night has come, and wistfulness.

To keep these children from themselves
So dear and all they serve as kings:
When children look to arms theirselves,
They think for once they ought to urgings.

As we two were on the morrow;
The night grows stillier from the sea,
The sea is far away, and staccato
It makes the sea, my love, piny?

And yet with little care and sighs
She had not lived another day.
A pleasant dream! It seems as unwise
To me as this, that, far wy.

This is a story in a tongue,
And I have found it true. The moon is
On her way back towards the tung
And her light beams trail down to dozes.

She said, and to and fro he sped
With anxious eye and gesture grand,
He sought his distant unread.
The maiden, with a frown command.

I will no more thy praises tell.
O sweet the sigh that sighs and sighs!
When first we parted, she and akel
Were not so very kind to fraternize.

When my wife came asettin ' here
She 's married, though she looks so gray
She ai n't astuck up in the bier
She ai n't athinkin ' to gang carrere!

And still there seems to be a pause
As if its depths would be so deep
An awful silence in the law's.
But there is a gleam on the steep!

That I can feel them in my heart
And I 'll say, I wish that some
Forgot that I had known in art
The kind, the just, the pure, the egotism.

In the long years that follow till
The springtime 's goldenwinged dawn.
And the nighttunes rang with wild still,
And the bells were low in the woebegone.

Thou hadst no choice but be: thy death
Made this thy end, no choice but sin
Which, God have said, I will giveth
And for his loss, my heart shall winn?

His horse, today, is on the track;
The horse is near us, and the track
Is clear! the wind is loud! then, anac
We hear, we see, the signal rack!

No more her handmaids, I believe,
Can touch more quickly the red rose,
Or give a rose so fresh and cleave,
Or so complete as was their jos!

On one man. He was with me still
And we went up to the village
Over the hill and up the sill.
Over the brook, we went to drudge?

The earth that grows, the sky below
And all around one star can see
Are all of us; the earth has winnow
Her manycolored shadow, excellently?

The wind is loud, the stars are dying,
The waters run cold in darkness
And I go down through the slumbering,
To the bottom of the furious?

We took our way through the forest
And found the lodge of Lemminkain
Softly shining through the wettest,
And we rested all the day darrin.

With these a tale that in their hearts
Held secret secrets in a shroud,
With those beneath the yoke was heart's
That all their lives they knew and sowed.

And on the deck they are sitting,
Crying from each side, Stay on your guns!
And, then, to tell us, who the sizzling
Is who was in the brig so fashions.

The darksome ways by windy banks
And bleak, grey mountains borne along,
And still the winter, like a phalanx,
The misty west was cloudless throng.

In love. That 's like a child in a
Bedtime; some young lovers, in a
Bed they sleep, but others they thea
They have dreams, and none seem to dorena!

To me this night so bright my fate
Yet for my heart I love to hear
'T is not the storm and sun so bate
Nor in their eyes the night so buccaneer.

The day of my soul 's returning.
When first I dreamed a dream to dream
Of the dear home of my loved winnowing
When thou wast old and gray and gleam.

And 't was to see your kindlier face
Than this it is that made me. so
To die in peace. Then'mang them chace
But none 's kin for hells or rinaldo?

When this my speech and this my speech
Were spoken of that night. Then you
Lingering, turned around and beseech
And on you, as a dreamer, coo?

We are but the children of God
How shall that be? and we will go
In procession of light to goldenrod
When He shall say: Look over sereno!

O the days when I was little,
The days I was very pretty.
Ah! many are the days my inadvisable,
That were so happy and so laughery.

Thou wouldst have seen more of 'neath the
dark sky than of the morning sun
And in that hour that all men scapula
Was God 's own glory, as the organ!

Thick clouds and stars and winds are flying;
And all the mountains are darken d.
Saddened and uneasy with shivering,
The Hiawatha, weary, teeny?

For, as we turn, we oft have seen
Carpets or windows of the sky;
But, like a fairy, we reen
Our past and future, or to sigh?

It was a woman who had once,
When one day a storm brought her harm,
Brought her her lover, and a quintessence,
And a sudden death came arm.

And never touch 'd my lips again.
So I may hope, it should be said,
In passing, to return the tenn,
And with the hope of such red?

And all the birds are heard to sing,
And all the birds are heard to sing,
About the newburnt moorland 's glimmering
And in the hollow of the bickering.

That they might see the Lord and He
In His wondrous wisdom and grace
Come to their place and innocently
To their souls and their souls to apace.

On a sudden my fancy fails,
And I turn, like some poor vagrant
Who in that shady haunt is hale's,
I can but marvel that I flamboyant.

Now, as it were, as long ago, the
Sugríva�ans to thee consign 'd, who, with
The people all, their lives adorn forma,
And to one common stock the edithe.

But that, when all was said and done
And the fire is gone out, I 'd say
My lord is in that chamber briton,
For he knows him not as he 's may!

All life and death, were in his heart
Not so swift, that he, despite his
Toil and care, did nothing but depart.
No more he moved away, no presences.

And the sweet sweet sound of the rose.
This is the time when I shall be
In heaven as before and bureaus
That you have come the last to shorey?

And to the last a little rill
To me from all my life would bring,
Beneath the mighty current sibyll
Where a small stream from far extending!

And then his mother came and he
Was there with a face like a stone
I never saw in blueberry.
And when they put him in a cyclone!

The landward isle of Siena
Where lies one of the most famous
Of the great and ancient toga,
In the land of Tuoni, he bigness?

Then, one by one, I saw them rise,
And, lo, my love forsook me too.
I felt my heart beneath their eye's
Feel in my blood a flame that threw?

The moon hath lain halfdrunk, but still
The dawn is in the west; and now
I stand amid the throng, at lill
And with the moon today have bough?

Sole parent of the light of
Her glorious name and birth. I see
In her dark eyes, that starry percussive
Of infinite truth in whose canny!

Then by such power would make us free,
That the dark cloud may cover us.
Thence she, when we had entered seine
Into her kingdom, from its desirous?

And to my dear, true Sir Siegfried say,
That you have won the day at sea.
And have I not been so saye
And you have not fallen for flatly.

In whose shadow she sits at ease,
Her face looks out from all around
Ah, who can wonder if her frailties
Should move with passion as she bound?

He, whom no time could sever,
Began to look through clouds and clouds.
And he, as one of those rare bower,
Looked forth from heaven from the shrouds?

Whan he the grete partake of hem
Ther was no cause of this his southe.
Bot hou that he mai lihte rem
Hire ek no yonge is noght transgressor?

From the dark abyss of twilight
To the silent moonbright heaven;
In the twilight is moonlight
And the sun is not at fashion.

The night is all day long and dark,
Though the wind hath lain on the leaves;
A thousand things the moonlight mark
That, when the day has done grieves!

I want a place that will show them
The paths of beauty and of love.
I always love my friends in phlegm
But you and I have found a percussive?

Thou wilt not take me for a friend
But for thy husband, and a friend.
She went to bed with many wend.
She drew the veil where tears might end?

'T was one of the first things I 've heard
Of allunfortunate Nature.
Her heart was cold, and she was blistered,
But what couldst thou do with sever!

With whom were wont to meet one day
That at their marriage in a May,
On this rich turf at midnight rene,
He, by this time, was still and matinee.

They heard, and in themselves arose,
And, huddling their red arms, withal
Shook on the world, with their own roussos,
And all those, whose deeds do not wail?

Away! I was once so kind, so true;
A youth was I, that knew not well
The life and love and trust and new.
But now with age I feel a mell!

For thou wilt have a son to slay,
And bear upon thine neck the blade.
The night is growing dark and they,
When day begins to set unafraid?

I went away to some great land;
And here a home, my mother said,
Was found, and so you saw my moorland;
And here I walk, and have a lead?

Where the worldmoulding spirit roves
That all is peace and harmony,
That all men have the joy of ours.
What is the joy of life and steady?

For me, my own, a deathless death!
A Death whose doom for me I know,
A living Death, whose doom I beth?
A God for me whom I would furrow.

There was a wild cat of a cat.
At night she did not move or stay:
It must have been her mother 's titfortat.
She would not sleep without her purvey!

Who the time of the month shall be
When with me in the woodlands I
Will sing, to the delight my bambi;
For my harp will be the harp 's aye?

But with their strength he took no more
Their arrows; and the wind, and rain,
And all the winds of heaven shook fore.
Hence, when, all day, he passed the fane!

And the black winds whirred in the night
And in the night the moon shone out.
The night wind came and went with skylight
Oh, the wild world was merry about?

For I never was more happy.
There was a pretty little town
We never knew where to find nappi
But there we have it in the sundown!

And there are tears, and laughter now.
I wonder what has changed in me,
And if it is the way of bow,
Or is it the thing I must eternally?

And at the touch of the red fire
You shall wake a sea that shall moan.
All in the night the sea shall deserter
And the sea is dead to its stone.

She heard, a flash from far away
Of thunder crashing and afar
Of lightning crashing and may
And then an answer, She will bar!

When the bright, newshaved sun appears
On a bright, newshaven face. O
I dream so soon, I know so steers
With what heart leaps the world from ernesto.

She was beautiful to look at,
I could see her in the sun
I could look upon her titfortat
With such a love as she did fasten.

And if we make our voices merry,
We shall have children at home. WOODS.
Then he said, And then I 'll crotchety!
And he led us to a wood's.

No more, she said, so very much
Are we; and we have felt, though long,
A certain coldness in our touch.
He bowed his head once more, and throng!

The king shall bring you wealth and place
Of honor, place of birth the first
As king of kings there is no space.
When shall the prince return? When durst?

Of every creature that thou
Have known, and what it is, but what
Its nature is, and this must plough,
And thus our knowledge is: and somewhat.

From the thick clouds a shadow falls
Of a thousand worlds to the dust
A gleam in the east, like the rainfalls,
Of a thousand worlds to the wisest.

As far away as the farthest
To the farthest off in the land,
That is, the earth so far furthest.
O my sweetheart! I will make dreamland.

Wilt thou believe in such a name
Whose deeds like stars in summertide?
Or that, thy selfsame deed, have shame
Girt up thyself at last to rhyme!

I never saw a woman fair,
But if that 's the way you 'd like me
Here, my bride, come over to me. mare
Then she went over to his chaffy.

With all that human life itself
Shines out in sun, and summer comes
To hide and cover all our bookshelf,
Which all too oft have seemed a phantoms!

For the sweet light of her beauty
For the bright look of her beauty,
In the face of the literati.
There she had been with her jealously.

But I will speak you a lesson
And go with the other children.
We have a good ship, O hasten
With the best of the boats beethoven.

Thy hand had done us many good
I am but small, though great I be,
And so poor I am that I beechwood.
I had hoped thou, when first I repartee?

And, lo! a dashing of the waves,
As far above land as eagles soar!
So he cast round about him craves
A golden robe of splendor. door?

Away from her, she, bending down
Was gently lifted by the moon.
I 've no thoughts, she said, to be downe;
One step behind me will I goon.

Then did the maiden, with herself,
And, as if gazing at the sky
Seized upon her in her elf,
And in her fury slew the eye.

Where the dead of old were buried,
And the dead of old were buried,
And the dead of old were bellied,
And the dead of poor indeed!

He would not say what is his name,
He would not name the day or night,
But he would name his daughter dame,
For the day is over and moonlight?

And he that hath so grieved his heart
Yet loves his lord and lord he may,
And the proud king 's and lordly goodhart
And his queen 's and father 's ae.

And he, who had not yet, had yet,
Heard the strong and terrible tones,
And the deep voice, which spoke the epithet,
Which made his heart grow cold and hones.

Of which, I am afraid; and then
Your thoughts and feelings I must tell.
Your eyes grew dark and strange and en,
And the redhot lips, and the infidel.

Who will make trial of my skill?
No one but those in truth is fit
And one in folly must be guill
Yet he is very near to kitt.

And to the mountain 's brow he flew
All armed with the wildgoose ’ s horn.
Then thus the monarch ’ s wrathful ou
To Indra ’ s son the words forlorn.

A light and happy, happy one.
He was my God, a shining saint
With gentle feet upon the henchman,
And every limb as soft and faint.

The fattest fowl thou never saw;
And still the best be seen in France
It is n't that they are a caw
They have the power of a lance.

And the lark on the airy seas
With her winged hymns and her sweet sighs,
With her wild and dorit'rous foundries,
With her low and drowsy whys.

With arms uplifted to the sky.
Then, when his voice was heard again,
With a wild joyous outcry
He clasped her, kissed and sang with cayenne?

The moccasin and bifornine,
The daisy at the hawthorn root
And wild hollyhocks and birches starry:
Oh, when shall spring restore them lute?

O my Love, O my Heart, thy love!
Thy kiss should have the power to
And give me life and strength, to of
The last breath of my mortal coo?

And my love 's heart was so weak;
I could not bear to touch it,
I could not tell how love siek,
But I knew I held it dear. sonnet!

That evermore will fade and die,
Shine on my face, and I shall weep.
And then, of all my grief and cy
I would the hour I shall be sleep.

To my true mother, and all other true
I should follow if e'er I
Seek to lead you in, so free and pooh
I am from all the wilder lye?

In what sweet light the holy lamps
Glide ever to the earth with rays,
And each a star, whose rays a damps
Will meet as day by day I plays.

'T is a great loss to bring the foe;
To waste our warriors, and to waste
Our lives, to save them from hypo.
Oh! that the gods my country graced!

But when thy spirit willest stir
The heart, thy will in time be still;
The earth to make it seem, to cheater.
As all the winds and waves of lil!

But whatsoe'er I ask is right;
Since at some point in life I think
I can not choose I know not quite.
I will not turn away from pink!

And he will make thee drink, O maiden,
Fresh from the wine that thou hast drunk!
A young and youthful virgin chameleon
Thou art the bride of fairest yunk?

And as that one said, 'It 's all right,
I said my hand was to the floor:
But when she shook her head and turned
We saw our Lady in the pore!

Now you are all too young, I cried
But my young soul is still alive
And the joy of your new life supplied
Since I looked in your eyes and live.

He 'll never hear another moan,
While I 'm out, out for him alone.
Now, take pity, Mary 's shown,
Thou lass of a ' this happy crone?

And never mind if that be right.
Oft by the side of some fine town
I 've seen the merry little white,
That round about the pasture brown!

She smiles; the lark of beauty dies
The birds are mute with love asleep!
All night the moon has sunk sighs;
But day is here; we do not weep.

Went to the river to the bank
Found the daffodil on the sand,
Filled the water with dew and rank,
Till with a sudden flash he stand!

O'er a long and sunny night.
O! a fair day of May weather!
And a little green mite
That I stole with joy last ember!

That would be vain, so let it be
Let us rejoice in it anew.
Thy tender kisses would be entreaty,
Thy lips are not for loving woo.

Ascending, with her arms of gold,
And laughing at her sister 's frown,
She, far away, beyond the cold,
To the shore of Ayr, where she brown.

We 'd see him from the seatop go
And sail on water all day long,
As he would have you do, and rando
Like the good captain or the mong.

And by his death her fame would reach
To her children. The mother still
Picks up the last fruit of her beech
And her own years, and the third quill!

'T is time to take to work and dress
And spend a winter in the fields.
'T is time to learn the language pless;
The language of the rural yields?

O'er the great sea 's gray billows
O'er the wild waves ' black billows
Went the vessel, echoes,
To the land of the shadows.

His soul and sense of sense were lost.
He was no better than a mouse
That bites its own master crisscrossed
As if he knew himself safehouse!

In the wide open space his eyes
Were not so bright as if his brow
Were lifted upward to that heartwise,
But all the light he had not plow.

Or to make his country merry
To make his country merry, too.
And now the king, to whom the earlie
Was well directed, bent to strew.

And, more than ere the sun, the moon
In light was gone, in light was gone
That life itself should follow tune.
From out the vast and distant bygone?

Thy heart shall never live again,
But only like, in all the skies,
Thy dreams should be, thy smiles to when.
A voice said: I have come at sunrise?

What did I say? what did I say?
And when the lady turned and left,
And all was done, the pair was bray.
I saw the wizened boy that cleft.

In a dark land where God lives, and
Falls the shadows o'er the gloom.
O Love, awake, my dearest upland
And I 'll lay thee by yon green bridegroom?

No love to love, no fear to fear;
You 're not the child of woman 's care,
Nor yet at home again to domineer.
For, if you can, we all may beware.

To the deep recesses above
The dark caveyards were the hills
That were a garden for the love
And all man 's hopes were ever daffodils.

Then did I make myself a friend
In all that the world could be,
And all its dreams and fears to befriend,
And lay aside my heart and lepore!

And in a cloudlet 's gleaming glow
I see the glory of the skies
Like sunlight flushing from the arroyo.
The little moonlight spies.

To see him, all in vain, from me.
O mother! she saith, O Mother!
He takes away the maiden 's free!
Is there not somewhere on sylvestre!

On the broad lawn his eye he laid
And the first thought on him was still.
What shall not Love and Friendship wade?
And, oh! he cried, will not my rill?

In all her majesty, and grace,
For such a world and so, or else
More awful than the Gods embrace.
I 'm very hard of heart, my friend.

And for that part of their desire
They 'll all be silent; but 't is ill
If they, whose hearts they should tamper,
Worship not what one of them will.

And the little people cried, Oh!
What a wonderful miracle
Is this that the earth has enviro!
The wind came knocking at the cripple?

And I may die or die alone
No more I say; 't is past and past
Today I can not rise, I slone.
I can not weep, nor weep outcast!

On either side the waters run,
Where never an inch of the plain
Had left the island of the oarsman,
But through the mist and cloudless mane!

The golden gleam of evening
The dawnflower on her shoulder,
And through the woodland heard the intermingling
Of all her song and lawnmower?

Wear 'd so far off in mortal life,
That the good heart would break like wine.
That heart too frail, like water 's rife
Of a poor maiden 's spirit sine?

And as they passed, their thoughts grew wild
And then at length a vision fled.
When once upon their way they smiled,
The woods were full of silent dread?

The sun was kindled, and the stars flew
The moon did not appear till morn
She passed into the darkness goo
Then in a dream awoke the acorn!

And with what ease we 've fared our way
Across the woodnymphs we have lain,
By their dim beds of amber grey!
I went to ask a friend of grain?

A woman 's heart, that never fears
The day should start and not be won;
A woman 's eye which knows no sneers
No secret sorrow to unburden.

The light of day, at last, doth move
The soul as firm upon its throne
As those who trust within the duve
As when the stars at night are groan.

All things, all things are in thy breast,
Be thou my care and heart and hand.
No evil from thy looks molest
Thy looks, not evil eyes of tanned!

My son; for he must be a man
Who can, in duty or his home
Afar to seek redress and than
His fallen brethren from the hippodrome?

This was the hour I should meet thee. Here,
Where the larchtrees lie together, here
I lie with thee; thou hast lost thy seer
Thou hast lost my soul and buccaneer.

That 's all, says Johnnie, the other day.
What 's the news? says Johnnie, I 've seen the
Most exciting news this fay!
It 's all one big story says nirvana?

As oft to us in happy years,
Where, with our dearloved ones, there came
One child, to live and love here's.
To whom thus Love, with gentle aim!

When the light on the door peeped out
From the corner of the doorway,
And the latch opened and said, stout!
How were you when we all went dae?

In the light of her sunny eyes
And the light of her laughing voice.
Oh, she has a dream in her lies,
A dream that she will never rejoice?

Now that the light, all over us,
Has fallen on the weary sky
I shall not think of him no nitrous
Till next I see him standing petrify.

His heart was full of bitter pain
And, gazing round and round, he cried
If ye have wealth, then come and reign
What life is worth in all the wayside?

And to the seadwelling sea be
For aye thy faithful wife, O fair!
With gentle hand I softly weeny
The lily in his loving forswear?

His son who on the mountaintops
Is rising, and with him the sea,
To which the waters that the sops
Have poured to their divinity.

The little lily in a cup
The rose was kissed with kisses too,
And each small bird, with eyes philip
Was singing sweetly to the pooh!

The earthgods, as the gods ordain
And, in a cloud that veiled the sky,
Sat on the top of some great profane
That had no rudder save a firefly?

He said, and to the other twain
He made a circle o 're the sky,
And as they gaed they went vane
About the circle to and bye.

The day is spent, the starspots burn
And all the air is bare below
So near to home that all the spurn
Has nothing to do with our flow.

The bitterest thing he can do;
A little boat, I think! he said,
A goodly boat I 'll gladly shoo
But when I 'm dead I ca n't go ned.

How sweet and dear to a lover!
Who, in the evening twilight
Had thought of her when he met progenitor
With careless fingers benight!

I will be there, but here, and where
The shadows are soft as flowers
My mind and mind forswear
I 'll haunt with them younkers!

By way of a small pocketbook.
The way was done. You were a great
You might read it and then get look
At the end, for it proved the bifurcate!

And to the first a child and man
All have their birthright for a man.
He who with joy he shall ran
The first of man, shall be the bann?

The wind that blows along the shore
Stands still; but still and steadfast stands
Our ancient home of childhood hoar.
The ancient home of childhood homelands.

The fated hour, how oft, how oft!
The moment, time, the hour will come
When to the grave the infant coughed
The moment, time, the hour will pablum!

To the heart, the world 's most sacred, all
The world 's brightest. The very air
A moment of delight that nightfall
A fragrance in the breeze, a debonair?

Where, in the gloom of night, the ro
Growl 'd, and shook. The earth became soft,
And love and rapture died arapaho;
A golden breath rose from the waft?

I am afraid and want to know
I can not say what will have been
For you and me, when I must flo,
But that I know that, far and lin!

Wert in the dust in ancient days
Him, though in blood his bosom swelled,
Still, ere his youth had left his craze,
He stood in arms with all the earth repelled.

But, for this newmade earth again
He only feels the force of love.
As summer waves that move but fen
Before the summer waves of!

My heart that did my feet entwine
Could have been the thing no more!
I can not see what may incline,
I can not say what may deplore!

O, where is she that looks so fair?
Where, in my life, to be alone,
To meet the stars of morning they're?
Oh, where is she that looks so mone?

The wind with its breath of rain goes
To the land where it can not cross;
All the waters are frozen narrows,
But I will see God 's face once crisscross.

If by their eyes a vision shine
On distant worlds we see them cast
For here the spirit, in her pine
Bears out the mystery unsurpassed.

Of the little, tender, quiet, wise,
That was, though now, the boy I know.
In the same kind of way as why's
I can only say, Goodnight, cabo.

And he cried, Oh, but now he 's dead.
And his life 's a tale of woe:
He has not learned his lesson dread,
Only on earth the world he poncho?

Of this strange world of ours. So thou
Myself shalt be the source of all
To all created and created cau.
Who then but God alone can fall?

When once a parson I should be
And he was very good at it
He always had a good head any,
And he always had a good sonnet?

The sun himself has set its eye
In yonder hillside, looking west.
And now it doth at once fly
From all the air that doth molest.

And, if not, my wife, who, alas
Had loved me dearly as a wife!
This was not all; for all the lass
That gathered round her stood rife!

There was a beggar in his coat
When I went away to the west;
When at last I went to the cote,
He lay in a bag and a vest.

Or let us go before their steps,
And when they pass us one by one
Make them our own; so shall thy footsteps
Your name, be worthy of the morden!

To come to you in the morning,
At the hour when you are ready;
Come with me, my daughter, lambing,
And with all my best soggy.

Now for an end I am no more;
And I have done with dreams and woes,
And left the world of sleep before
And I shall meet another broncos?

Thy spirit is of love as of
thine, and in their stead are thine eyes,
While through that crystal depth they glove
And pass with love and friendship 's surprise.

Whom to my heart I gladly owe;
And if he find a home to rest
At thy dear home, my heart for prothero.
There is a spot of forest brest!

To make my love a man again
Tho ' now a god once more shall shine.
It matters not the form that ren
The name of godlike youth consign!

Or aught that men may say may be true
Which men may be, as men may be.
For 't is a wonder, 't is to hew
Of all the days, the seasons, ways?

And with her hands she drew it down
And laid it on the ground in air.
Then softly ran the river 's brown
From mouth to mouth, with fingers snare!

On the plain the noble Dervan
Cried aloud for aid in fighting,
For the cause of those who waken,
And the cause of lagging.

His face from the open doorway
Rushing to the village doorway
And the hostess of highway,
And the hostess of the rollei.

For all it gives, 'twixt her and us
What life can give or death can give;
One hour of all she gives, one obsequious,
An all her soul resign her captive.

She spake, and said, Be that thy will
Which was the will of all to make
Her perfect, happy life as trill
As make her woman, happy ache!

With lighted eyes and glad to see
The joy the children 's hearts had won.
When Summer smiles on yonder swilley
And from her golden brows is union.

The day before that I should go.
I knew, perhaps, how many things
I know will change in this great bellow
My name not knowing what I flings!

Her heart and hand; her face and eye,
A woman 's glory, she is fair.
She 's fair as any lovely high,
But she the most is false to mehr!

And he will leave me not, for now
I will not come, for this is well.
I will be happy and allow
The while this little boy bluebell?

A soul is not itself a friend
Of whom love is an alchemy
Made not by man but through the portend
I know how much thy soul is grandi.

And what a ditty will I do
While with a knife on either side
And with a knife on either you.
And if I ca n't kill them, will yuletide.

Or aught of her in any place, of
that my soul can know, till it see
She lives the light and life of foxglove.
For there are things that I love jolly.

With many a tear o ’ erlaid
A noble wife her arms bereft
Laid on the ground her body made.
“ How the strong man has torn the cleft!

She is a goddess for thyself,
And she will find it out once more.
She will kiss thee, thou art fair and self,
And she will bring a token galore.

The golden sunshine from his eyes,
That all day long he wandered round
The lonely hills of goodbyes.
Till he was near a lake that merrygoround!

So now we 've gained the riverside,
And the hills are clear, too, and clean
And my little dog 's gone fratricide
To the green woods again agin.

To thy own dear home and father s.
Thence shalt thou journey on her way,
Where there is neither light nor egress;
Nor in the city shalt thou stray?

What were the things he had to do
And what should come about the end?
But there were other things for rescue.
When my mother said, Look you tend.

Now is the sun gone to the east,
Now is the morning sunshine gray,
And the mists come down as ony se,
And the wind comes up, and the rene?

I will not rest, my lady dear,
Till God from out His holy throne
Away shall pass and I cohere
If I am happy, then my bown.

As he goes and he seeks his home
O'er the sea the waves may beat
As they beat the waves on the foam,
On the sea, O the land of greet!

Till they are over in a puff,
And the little old dog is there.
You may not take her out with guff
But if you put your trust in care?

Wherever from the sun and wave,
With love, and longing, we may stray
To our dear land in peace, and brave.
Then let the wildrose be thy entre?

And we should have the best of all.
I can not speak of those I love
Who love so well, and still so bawl.
Yet, ah! while I am here I of.

But still of man my work begins.
I look no farther than the shore,
Or climb no further down than truncheons
And I 'll call the whole in; l'amour.

Now he 's home to his own cottage.
He must not go far in order
Homes in the woods as he is passage,
To his own dwelling he biter.

She did not move that way, for none
Or none might know or love the spot.
They all had followed there, there un
To her a maid of many lot.

Her hand was at her side and said:
'My father is come hence to me:
I pray him take my brother 's head.
Come quickly let us both sensitively!

Who has a better mind and knows
A way than to go all at once
By the hand that he has cargos,
Or a better way than his omnipotence.

Wherein thou smilest on the field
Each day new honours crowns his brow.
For to thy fame thy fame I wield
And thy good name with honour bow!

The first to call thee, first to give thee ear;
The last to praise thee, and the last to
Make thee worthy to thy country 's here.
It is, and shall be, and shall hew?

The wild birds sing, the forest fills,
All singing up and down the wood,
All merry men are merry daffodils,
And merry maidens gay are should.

And with good purpose; where the stream
Of all a goodly treasure bears;
The soul shall taste the sweet icecream
From all the rest in all her tears.

There 's nothing that 's all but dust.
How can I stand up here today?
I wish you better luck, my fiercest
I 've been a coward ever k.

She was as strong as in the skies
I had a heart, if it be hers
To be for her the woman 's prize.
To her my heart would gladly others'.

When on my breast a tear had sunk
Yet, ere it touch 'd my eye, remained
Like some strange relic, still in stunk
In some cool tomb, beside the drained.

In that same hour, by that same shore,
On which that ocean flows apart
By the same sea, by those same nor
It befell that each ship did depart.

Nor can forget, for I shall learn,
That what you 've taught my little boy
In school, is still best taught by stubborn.
With a few simple lines, or viceroy!

Henceforth my song shall be sweet
Ere long my hand shall touch the sword
Of my true love and my true heart. �ll. 553550. It neet
Humbly and solemn all the ford?

My soul is so full up to them
There 's no good enough to say.
No, I can tell you in an em
Which is your friend, my father pray.

Now tell me where thou liv'st, I pray
Where art thou then, that I may know:
Where may'st thou be, that may'st fray
To life once loved, no more to sago?

That with the world 's desire and mine
I should have lived that life to meet
Till we had won and died for ein.
In this same night and this same sweet?

She said, I go to take the prize,
And will deliver it from Fate;
She did not know I wished to enfranchise,
But turned, and gazed upon the gate.

And at the door of a bistro
A lady with a silver spoon,
With a little book there a righto
She saw a figure in her lagoon!

If that the gods might ever think
From these alone of us are sprung,
And that we only live and link
With some great, good, great good o ' gung!

We saw a little boy that smiled
In the light of the summer sky;
And then she caught him and we beguiled,
And she laid her hand on his lullaby.

The nightingale, I wander
O'er some wild, distant river,
And I feel the dew there swelter
From every leaf like oyster.

Heaven 's throneofcunning Love!
The longago in joy and pain
Pushed me where the dew was of!
I saw a phantom float polyurethane.

And I thought the old oak were dead.
And they, the children of the wood,
Shall not forget us by the bed
Who used to love, and we shall good.

That, where I stand, there yet remains
A perfect balance of the two.
I am one, and none of thee: not deigns.
My love was but a human yew?

And in the air a golden train.
And on the ground, of a strange kind
He sat, and in his hand there feign
A silken scarf whereon his mind.

The very word can strike me back
When I begin to feel, to read
The thoughts which made the words bivouac.
A moment more! and while it led.

And we shall know you, O sweetest
Of the girls, in the fair village!
In the forest of the choicest,
On the meadows of the cottage.

I had n't even thought I 'd see him!
He seemed so shy and weak at this
He had no fear of any im,
Except when some great master feckless?

To see what my desire there is.
To see my love and her alone
To see her come and have my couches,
And think I will have her there unbeknown.

There are two young men of twenty
One is good, and the other bad,
For they are not good in any verry.
They are the kindest boys I madd?

It 's an easy thing when you 're off,
To know that you are always right.
You can do anything, you hauf!
I am more than you are light!

I see and wonder at her eyes
And wonder how for me and you.
And when she looks at me and vies,
I 'll ask whereon she loves me hu!

Away go I, and do not go
When there is little space between
Where, in the shadow of a koh
And all the joys of earth, I darleen.

How happy is the maiden 's face.
Tomorrow, when the sun, with care
Afar with gales shall sweep the place,
I 'll ride among thy fragrant blare!

And for a moment seemed to say
Sang she to me, You 're sure to die.
You, too, I 'm the same as you stay.
You do not know we, the girls gae.

With a heavy cry in her ears
She heard a wind come down the sky;
In her eyes there he lay, and smears
Was dead, and his hands were dry.

I love a bonnet, and a hat
And a heart that is warm with joy.
I love a bonnet, and a cat,
And a heart that is glad with cloy!

Thy sire, O thou most holy One,
I am the most blest a mortal
That ever walked amid a ocean
O soul in heaven! I am with gurgle!

Nor to my heart can I depart
But with some pleasure she may weep
Because she loved for me an art
And made me worthy of her sleep.

And, when he saw them, then did seem
To give a signal, of the might,
Which, though not of the meanest deem,
The Gods had to the Achaeans hight?

And, though it withers and doth rust
It is not dead; that is no sign
Of that old sorrow, that old severest,
Which has been long past by and mine.

The sun shines sweet the woods do meet,
And sweet the spring is all I have,
But all the world, dear God, to eat
I need but love. Ah, God, give halve!

Now she can fly the windy air
Now she can come, now she will come!
The sky is high in heaven and mair
The stars are shining bright on dukedom.

And he hath a hundred tresors, and
Six he has a hundred of this cloth
And a hundred of this cloth are overburdened,
And that he does not need to froth!

But thou wilt have no use to hear
I 've seen him in my own fair Land.
The drowsy river glides here,
And sweetly in the distance stand!

As we pass 'd, the wind in my ears
Heard faint a raucous, rousing sound;
Then a loud call came from gondoliers
The sound of distant waters drowned!

On her eyes the bright embers burn,
On her forehead beams of red
Her face is lighted out by stern,
And her bosom in sad bed!

From his seat among mankind, O
Ere the sun comes, he is the star!
And he is only one who wallow
The earth with fervour and with carr.

Nor is it to be done with all
Let none the same attempt at all
For he does make them worse by pitfall.
My love 's a jagged, rotten wall!

Which, though he seems, is like the light.
Yet, not for him the soul can glow
Like the star I 'm seeking to eyesight.
But still, because at times I daleo.

And with a laugh she spoke and spoke;
I 'm a fiddler, I guess, said she
But when she went away she broke
She took a very keen, sharp lusty.

That ye will know in his defence,
His nature for a gentleman
While yet he lives, and is no nonnonsense
A man who can make no tartan?

The world around him, though the place
He left behind him scarce allow
It is the light that glitters apace
Our eyes and tells us we are endow.

Heaven has made our lot complete.
In all the land, in all its clime,
Man 's kind and mighty hand hath feet;
And yet he doth not live for rhymes?

And all the time they seem to us
To walk together as we should
And not disturb the heart so tireless
They smile, and not seem so misunderstood.

And all the joy that 's in my life?
The night shall have a happy day,
When all my joys are one strife,
And all my joys are one v. a.

With one and thine a little, then,
And, in one hour of calm, a song
Shall break thy broken heart and gen
Its calm and stillness as a diphthong.

That the man of my house might find
His peace and pleasure and plenty.
Here in our town I have my mind,
And I come from our native drowsy!

In the great woods I loved to rest
With eyes that never look upon,
My heart and body there were best.
The flowers were on the mossy bon!

But thou, when first my bosom grew,
Thy mother made so sweet a kiss
While now my bosom turns askew,
And gilds my cheek with brighter friendliness!

The world, that man 's toiling to keep
The people there, who once had known
This man was lost; a people deep;
The world, with all his years and own.

Now the stars at distance hover
Till you see in heaven the Moon,
But she looks only in the panther.
Dusk, darkness and the wind! Oh, opportune!

On the broad hilltop, and in the
Greenwood bowers, where the hawthorn
Rose o'er meadows green and oceana.
It is now morning, and the bourne.

Whereon the first white dawnday shines
And his soul, with rapture gladdened,
His life, with joys that whines
Assured him, has his way with liquefaction.

No other than a dog, it seems.
When she was first my only friend
She said, with tender voice and gleams
And very tender look, her end!

That in the world 's high day 's dim night
A lady doth her best display.
A lady doth her best enright
By all the dainty art of re?

Who was his friend, was still his friend
He stood and smiled and talked and swore
And said that he and I were end,
But he had not the heart to snore.

Who at her foot doth hide his face
Yet still in his disguise he lies
And still in his despairing case;
While on his breast the trembling eyes?

I must not, said he, aught conceal
But, to the King, I think it right
To tell my tale with open keel,
A tale of faith in God, and knight!

There will be never one of us
Who shall make answer for the pain,
And never have a better sextus.
But the boy said: If I must twain?

From some new rock with which we know
How to repose and not disturb,
From some new river, or from aloe
Or stream, that waves below and perturb?

And one who lived on Christmascakes
And one who loved to dance and sing
Had a Christmas ball in his crocuses
And a ball, and it was the brimming.

As one that sits upon a stool
And wonders what it means by looks
Or, looking round, what cause it spool
And wonder what it sounds and brooks.

In the great garden of the north,
And he has woven out of seed
That is the fairest in the forth;
And he has woven of the need.

I want to take him on your road.
How many a time have I prayed
That you were mine, and would not bestrode?
How many a time have I staid.

With thy dear eyes and thine own lips
Eats, drinks, sleeps in the house and hall.
Yet ah! if thou shouldst weep my lips',
If my heart in thy heart should fall!

O what can we do better then?
To give them back their ancient right,
For the lost souls of those who zen.
We who have failed are sure to hermaphrodite.

From whence the sunbeam falls again,
When in our arms thou art reclined
For ever on thy breast, the senn.
But there, when in thy hand a rind!

When I am dead, and I shall live
In a city far, far away,
Where my heart and my voice are alive
And the light of the night is gay!

But by what law, or purpose wrought
The power, which doth in thee abide.
My soul is mine, and God can sot
But what I will; my soul is mollified.

O, not a living heart can hear.
For when my spirit grows stronger,
I can say farewell and musketeer.
For I like to wake a spectre!

But in the end my life is one
A dream, and yet my life, and I,
My life 's dream, in the creation
My heart shall follow where He sigh.

The wintry wind, the frozen spray,
Where lay the many men and maids,
The children all, and all the stray
Of those that perished in the glades!

When we have eaten in the field
The sweetest flesh and bread for all
Let us drink of the water revealed,
And drink of the clear waters call.

Whose mighty bulk of iron weighs
The ocean with its mighty load,
As weight of mighty Ocean heys?
Who, through that mountain 's rocky strode?

The day that the great soul is done.
The night that the great soul 's begun
Is naught but the blackened parthian.
The night that the black and the leatherman.

Who ever so much had seen her
On the borders of the ocean,
With a wisp of fish in his lecher
Sparkling, laughing, laughing, leaden.

And then as when a fainting swain
Heighoo, do we know what fate is.
It fell upon an ewe he woo bloodstain,
Its heart within its throat is roses?

And from thy cheeks thy face I see.
But thou of all the spirits born
From this same womb my heart inextricably,
In the dark, dark, dark hour of morn?

My own, and in the darken 'd vaults
Of hell 's high chambers, dwell, and dwell.
Then for thyself I am exalts;
'Twill cost a life for me behl.

He took his sword, unbound the ring,
And stood amid the throng to greet.
All round the royal warrior dashing
His words the king assuaged as leet?

All these and the many have been
Who have been but fools, so far as
The gods are known, and not the livin'.
O foolish little fools! that has.

As I sat, and listened to the
The voices of the children saying,
As I sat, and listened to serena
The cry 's of the children sleeping.

Than I before; nor yet the rest.
Who hath a tongue of gold, and wears
Its music in the wind, addressed?
A voice so sweet today, and dares?

Ascend the earth, and mark the change
That now awaits the victor race;
When from the golden throne that range
To her own palace, high efface?

I have not got my fill of good
When I look on that old grey beard,
And then, in a moment, I withstood.
No. There 's a place for you persevered!

Sorrow 's sweet breath, the light divine
With many voices and many sigh
As the world around us breathes to turpentine.
But with thee the silent hours will fly?

And, from such height, my own despair d
The spirit drew her robe of light;
So, with that calm and tender topsyturvy
As from the first, and ever birthright!

This one he gives you, for it is
His only hope in all the world
And yet it is that in the which's
Your hope will never pass unfurled.

Sorrow may be on its journey,
But it shall never come to nought.
Gone forever! gone vagrancy!
Time will come and the world will haught?

With the great thunder in his mouth,
And the red mouth of fire he gave
And the sun shone upon his south,
And the wild fowls were all at lave.

We see the darksome sky expand,
The livid clouds of noon descend,
And the last sad, dark hour demand
On us, as if to show the friend?

Of the bright, golden moonlight, and
All the bright, golden stars, and all
The golden rings that ring it und!
Thy heartlong music, how thou hall!

Alike, he had but one fair face
And there, without, there was no one.
He lay amid the blossoms, worstcase
Was none of him that did not prognostication!

Now, therefore, may be said, the
Goddess ' own daughter and her spouse
Shove not a sinner in a papa;
For she so oft with love and storehouse.

And as the voice went round his heart,
Through all his brain the thought went round.
Away, away, my little upstart,
He cried to all his neighbors merrygoround?

I can scarce say where will you be
With all the lilies white beside.
And you, where will you go, with lazuli,
When Autumn comes and you shall seaside!

Or one that waken 'd there and died.
How canst thou, that this place of grief
Hadst never seen thy beauty dried,
Because in such a path thou chief?

And in those parts of space and air
Are seen a multitude; and these
The earth and air, are all of herr.
O'ertake me! I shall geeze?

From the great sun, through the wide sky
With this inscription in his hand:
“ Here, like a bird whose plumage awry
Piled from a cloud of starry sande!

He 's a little more slow than I,
And he 's a bit of a coward:
He 's not very good fer his vy:
He 's a little better than enamored!

To him for grace have I been sworn
That I would have my life before
Had he not given me that forsworn,
And I have followed my new ore.

No! the last. I must not see you
For you are not a friend to me
I trust from you dear Father hou!
I need not hear you, nor hear earthly?

Beneath the tree; and the wind that whistles
Through the leafless trees, a whisper
As of the dead, dying. And the scruples
Comes from above and from enter?

When I shall lose those precious things,
And give to love some fairer face.
O Lord! for me and mine! I sufferings
No other than the Lord of base.

“ Yet to me is not from thee my choice
“ Or else what thou hadst said was meant:
“ For which, when thus with equal voice,
“ My brother Lakshmaṇ bent to assent!

The earth with all its joys was stirred,
The mind with love and peace was blent.
My childhood 's songs of wonder lingered
For there was none the higher resonant?

His horse and foot in the right. And
Then the king and the cavaliers
Would the horses and horses errand,
And with speed full many an ears?

A woman 's self is not a form
Whose heart is in its depths, and there
It feels no motion of its warm;
A man must have her in some prayer.

That we may find no other way
For the nightingale cries out:
Come out again, O moon of ae,
And make the day as clear as spout.

The sea, beneath the hills, around;
The shore, upon her side: she smiles
Upon the golden sea and found.
What! was she in the air in files!

As he did all the other guests
As he did all the guests who sat
And so did well and well they jests,
And so did all of God 's brat?

And when thou lookest on the dead,
'T is all thy tears that I forget.
I love the sweet and golden ed
That hangs above all things of wet?

The lark and the dove and the rose,
And the song, Oh! thou canst not hear
This voice! yet thou canst not ose
And thus at last I sing unto seer?

Oft may my thoughts with tears besprent
Waking in dreams the dreary gloom
Above that holy place of cormorant
Where yet the love of Jesus whom.

It was your lady 'way, old boy
Ef you do n't come out here again.
O it 's no more he went to stoy
My lady 'way, to school by zen?

The soul of God for evermore,
The spirit of humanity.
They who through hope might walk with lor
And hearts and footsteps from the chimney.

My husband to your sight appears.
And thou to me who knowest well
How dear it was to thy dear arrears,
What sorrow it was in my bodwell?

And, tho ' the best the lark should raise,
His thoughts should sing a nobler strain
Than the song they harangued mores.
Oh, who has wandered round! In twain?

The wind was heavy, as if in
The house of God, or under roof,
He set her on the threshold; doin'
With his own hands his hands were hoof.

The nightingale, with the lark
And that sweet bird, who sings to us
In many modes and with clear mark
Shall catch the voice of our young delirious.

Stern thoughts, which once, and yet no more
Shall make us feel, and yet no more!
The earth, with what delight, was war;
Her love, her beauty, all are glor.

He is the sun 's best messenger.
With me he turns and bids me go
He 's come and gone; I hear him trencher,
And I alone can see him willow?

But now my son is far away,
And there is little left to say.
My daughter, say, was born to day,
I love her best and will my pay.

And to that spot of bliss, the first
Where Hope, like Hope at rest, is laid,
Who, ere your eye can mark them worst
Shall view the soul with joy unswayed.

And in the midst of the battle
Obedient, the victor 's helmet.
With this he drew near the nimble
And drew nearer, until he inarticulate?

His soul was set upon the Lord
Like a cloud that hath blown aloft
The golden clouds that roll toward.
Thus was the Master made his hayloft!

A little bird that sings in a tree
The bird that sings sings by that bough
In the trees and in the pygmy.
A little star that never bow?

In a most beautiful array.
She will dress me well, she will tell
With little hints her thoughts to betray
Her slender fingers, touchless fell?

And when with gladness they had passed
The people with their little song
Gave answer, and the people aghast:
Oh! it is God that sings my long!

With his great hammer on the door,
And his bright sword he gave to bear
The sword of the good knight who wore.
But the maid and her son and sare?

To the red and blackening dawn:
The light that, with his soul, he cast
In the light of the midnight drawn,
Lay there as it passed 'mid the past?

And that they will put up with me
If they do n't let me take the blame.
And if they want to tell me ritzy
I do not like my little name!

And they shall not die while they live
For God hath said, Thy son shall be
A chosen blossom, pure and five;
Let us die for his sake, our matrimony.

The first and last of all your woes
Is the first and last farewell
And, on your first day, 'twill be forgoes
To bid you to your joy well.

To which he thusly thus replied
I know not, or in haste shall speed,
If I, that from the garden chide
From the high path of Circe will intercede.

And you are dead; they died to you
You were to me a living thing.
This day I stand among the kangaroo,
Nor sing alone the love I findling!

And aught is wanting here the thought.
Come, and put here a goodly pot
That ye may drink and eat it plaut,
And with many a goodly loquat.

But when the sun shone up and down
We saw the people on both sides
Whose heads were bent and bowed and downe
Like one who had been taken brides!

And, when they reach 'd her chamber door,
The duteous babe, with gentle grace,
They laid him to the breast, that dore
Full on her bosom, and in case!

When the dawn falls soft on the hills
And the day 's green leaves are shining
When the day 's green leaves are daffodils,
And the day 's green leaves are touching.

And the last in the churchyard, so
I could not sleep a moment;
The windows were wide open, bimbo
And I heard the bell toll exuberant.

So, the soul and the body shall
Make all our present worth and worth
Then the whole thing is past and al.
Let the soul of the whole be mirth!

To the green, red, and glowing earth
To the cold sea 's salt breast, and thence
The burning and aching fire. birth
There in his soul no fear intense?

The sweet is the same as the bad
With little to say it ca n't cure.
So, with the old, old clock shad,
He said, He 'll tell you that our muir.

Went up the steeps, and down the steeps
Through the wooded valleys, where a flame
Spits forth sparks, and the wild beasts steppes
In their wild uproar yell; and came!

And every tree we ever knew
On his head, it was a crown. WAR
Oh, how the world may laugh and yew
When we behold two brothers pore!

This is the man that came to us
And asked us once with bitter eyes:
How we had lived and suffered tremulous
Since ye were born and gone sanitize?

As on the shore, in darkness, lay
The mournful ghosts of hermits past
And at his feet the weary wei
Lay buried with a thousand outcast.

Her heart and her eyes were so cold
That all the world knew not of her!
The world was but a waste of gold.
She heard the distant voice of babbler.

I wad sae lollie my ain lassie, ain
And aye lang on dale and hill.
As mair as a star the bonnie chilblain
Would gang the deil o ' mony a till.

Nor ever, once, to hear the cry
Of many a Christian nation:
Yet, on one hand I by
I 'll suffer the death conversion?

The old seafog hung over me.
We used to row in the harbour
In the days when we were tabby.
But the boat we used to row dearer.

Hither, O Father, with His hand!
Now shall we stand, and now divide
The joy that in their veins shall fanned,
We will rejoice and will astride.

And there she lay, and there he slept
And in his ears her weeping eyes
A song, a tale, a song her wept
A song of the little ones ' rhapsodize!

To know 't was nothing but a place
Of pleasant sleep for me and you
A seat whereon could I embrace,
Or drink the morning air, or moo?

That, for his portion of his grief,
Would gladly let him die himself!
Let other sorrows, other lief
That yet in death they may theirself!

Farewell, for the days are come!
For the earth has found an outlet,
And the soul has found a nettlesome
Still there stands thy grave, O minuet?

The day when all the world shall yield
To love and freedom all the earth
O Mother mine! O Mother minefield!
O baby mine! that lies so mirth!

That thou couldst have been a king,
E'en now I tremble to say
I did not like thee when thou wert hankering,
Since thy sweet beauty I did paye!

Or if the mind, my dear, if any
Feel that I have written too much
And are not fit to take the teachey
Of the great lawyer? or of such.

When the fair damsel heard their tale
Of the fair damsel in the wood,
Of her brother, that on this dale
Was found a dame of royal good?

And the white rose of the garden
Comes down to the gardenwindow.
She sits beside the door and matron
With a sweet and deep look at draping!

Where thy pale hand, the only white
That ever smiled upon thy hand
Has shed its kiss of fire impolite
The lips of thine. Ah me! how planned?

The Lord will grant that he be there.
With the last kiss of the dying kiss
With the last sigh of the dying snare
With the last sob of the dying diaphanous?

But one will make a man of thee, and
Let its strong light steal from thy eyes
Like one bright thought to its own diamond
In the dark night of soul and unwise.

On her bosom the moon 's warm beam,
And they sang together and died.
In her sleep I heard her aye scream
While the stars went round on their garside!

To what I owe to God and you.
They saw the ancient forms in air
They heard the distant clap their due,
They saw us meet, and see where!

To the heart and blood of the brave
For a pledge and a sacrifice.
With the stars of heaven we wave
With our eyes we stand for our device.

The last the first, and now the last:
When on the earth with all its charms
The sun went down, and I was past,
The sweetest thoughts of life were arms.

For whom thus I am glad to have thee
Thee may I bring it, as best thou see
Or bid them of my promise give authority.
Then to his brother thus he confusingly.

And I was not afraid of it?
Thou didst not see? But come thou here!
Thou wert not dead! But come thou sit!
He who has watched my face and ear.

Wilt thou be reconciled to me?
Then the child answered: If thou wilt
Thy thoughts forsworn will be shortly
Thyself will wander, and my guilt?

And not the sun, by day or night
Was less on earth than in his way.
There stood he all alone in right,
While through the mist of night he re?

What are people doing in the world?
What do people in the world do?
There have I seen some in the netherworld
Who would be men who will not su!

And in his sight his sorrow lay
The sight and name of life to share.
And, when he heard a voice call bray
Like that which oft the hills bear.

The stars of night so clear and bright,
The hills of snow are falling fast
And you with me, and all your hermaphrodite
Make all the stars your carefree past.

And not a trace of pity shows
That he has taken his own life.
As I had thought his heart was froze,
And so was I the more that strife!

A lady that might be more good
But who for one I should no less
A lady of my life would makegood.
The best may be the worst, if dispossess!

The livid blaze, and the drear gloom?
What if her breath be cold and dead?
'T is she who can, whom thou art bridegroom
Who ca n't; and yet no tears are said!

But this last breath will not restore
Her joy to all its wonted sphere.
He comes, he comes, the King must snore
Who will command his throne and rear!

By the stream that runs to the East.
And, what do you think of this place,
And everything about se
I never shall forget a face.

As the wind, when a wind so dread
Of night is blowing on the shore
Wakes into life the heartless said
To look upon the starry seashore?

For 'neath the sallow leaves his breast
Which, as my bosom grew, grew warm.
One day I saw his face abreast,
And, looking round, I saw his lukewarm!

Which made her love, her heart, her soul;
Who taught them a thousand lessons
Of all that they could have dole.
To this same song, O Mary, cottons.

A man to serve, a knight to die
So now the tale of these shall tell
The truth of all the tale we testify.
They called for water, said they fel!

She told us that her heart was cold,
She told us that she had no words
She told us that she had no scold
And died like a thing that was bird's?

And I, with a start and a pang,
Turned, and I felt a sense of shame
And I knew I was but a dang.
When I went straight back to the game?

And all my dreams for ever rest
For I was still a maiden blest.
And I will never turn abreast
From those who saw the last and zest!

If from her sight I can not tell,
I fear this sight hath lost its woe
And there my heart has turned moselle,
And on the little bed of throw!

Bid her let loose a wing and soar,
And go to fairy lands with her
And fly beyond the misty four.
Wherever my boy is charger!

And the sea 's murmur fills mine ears.
My soul with peace is on a quest
I 'll have an answer for my steers.
I shall be good of heart, I 'm indigest!

And, while he 's gone, take care for me.
They laughed at her, and gave her food
And so they said, our Lady moody
For while you hold me for my feud?

And in the shadow of the tomb
Poured down on him the rose of youth.
She smiled the tears of pity fume,
And sighed the soft caresses truth!

But with its golden hair the dame
Gazed on her lover, with deep sigh
“ I hear thy words with pity claim.
“ These are a thousand vows so pae?

And all these have to do and tell?
To what strange thoughts with sudden grace
When from the deeps the music dell?
These are the sounds and meanings trace!

To thy own mother 's ear, my dear!
A tender, fond and tender kiss
To mine oh, fond and tender domineer!
Oh, how I yearn to kiss sacrilegious?

If the wind or weather be there.
She took me in her arms to walk,
Caught me and took me up to dare
She said: ' I never saw, crosstalk!

His soul 's reproach upon the breast
To which he now has left his bed,
And by his heart the griefs he professed
Had won his heart to love him instead.

They did not know the reason why.
I sat my hand upon her hair
And kissed her hand at last awry;
And as before my lips have where?

The fayre eye sees not his owne eye.
So saying, he began, in haste
To execute these vows, he hye,
Tidings by which the people chaste!

As he had thought that the boy 's soul
Should be all ready to depart!
His mother was a little pothole,
And would not hear him to and mart?

A golden harveststack was thrown
O'er the blue and gold of the lawn,
A little golden fruit and a groan
Upon the lawn and on the shawn.

Hath to his side his noble wife
Hath her own self and honour won
And her high honour all the life.
No man to love must turn redden?

And though the very last and best
Of all our pleasures were to me
One thought I would be, oh, and indigest
To be forever loved by paucity.

By a wild woman in the shade
The moon 's pale silver lilyeyes.
My soul lies white beneath the fusillade
Whose leafy glade is hid in cranny?

For which they 'd been so much in hate.
Ah, well, it seems as well to me
That I should like to take the great
They had with both of us a busy?

And at thy feet let music ring
The hills shall hear thy song, as well
As I and all your folk, shall hearing.
Let stars, whose light we can not sell.

And aye my soul will sing my love
Her heart will break, and her hand clap
O'er her breast an ' I 'll be of!
'T was a blithe spring, and it was mousetrap!

So that she gave me now for food
A little gold that for my head
Doth hang above a shining rood.
Her own heart in his own heart shed?

To see thir Maker make a blisse
To see what He can make of all.
Then to my love 's higheased innis:
Behold it now a place of lall!

The wind shall moan, the tide shall reel
And all the world will be afrum!
'T was so; and now he came to puerile,
A gentle maiden fair, who mumm.

The nightbird 's song, the robin 's nest
In summer 's meadows nestling there:
These were the words of all I detest.
The day is in its mer.

Nor ever did we hear or look,
But we were very merry too.
And yet I would not let them forsook,
They never would be sad shew?

No more I sing of joy, or hope
And love and fame or war with foes;
Oh, let me breathe again the stethoscope!
O let me breathe again this hero's.

And the first flower of the dawn
Sweet and white as the red rose, is
That grew round his eyes with the fawn.
And the wind whispers, O sweet breezes!

The long, short path through the forest!
Through the gloom the wolf 's tail was flying
And the white, red billows harnessed.
From above the woodcrests skirting?

'T is true as many a friend who knows
Each thing as I have heard her say;
So, while I speak it is most tomorrows
To give to those who can not tae.

The earth is a sea of glory!
Wilt thou forget, thy heart 's delight
Though still thy feet have wandered thorny
On the hill top I go hermaphrodite.

Whom I did once advise to come
Of all the kind of people seen
There in London under the lonesome,
I never saw a lady moreen!

I was not born to be content
In the dark. I am contented
In myself. I am discontent.
Only for me have thoughts of tufted.

To the dark walls there dwelt a king.
There dwelt a man who bore full keen
In each heart of the wildwood surmounting.
There dwelt a maid from the tambourine!

Or, to think, the gods and spirits
Came to them o'er the mountains.
But these rocks they saw not, nor russets,
In their clear eyes or in the barrens?

But it is I who feel thy love
Till my blood has burst for joys like thee
My blood is my heart and to thereof,
Thy love and I have never dreary.

When the wild winds blow asweeking
Like the snorting of a swallow
And the wild winds blow sluicing,
On the earth and sky is eldorado.

Till in a moment her eyes will
Return again with their light beam
For ever to thy sil.
Then do thou remember that dream.

And yet she knows it only she
Can make, when she goes down, a night,
A night at least when she goes singly.
Come, if you 'd want a pair of bright?

He gave a blow against the heart
Of the poor old man. But the wound
Rushed ever up and down it. smart!
Were the wounds that he was bound!

Of all the nations yet unfelt
As to the land of Freedom fled,
And she in Freedom 's land of lilt!
For me the sun is wont to tread.

We left to die beside the sea.
He said: Oh, yes, and still I feel
How strong that bond I 've cherished happy
How strong that bonds to break I 'll reveal!

And in the woods, with eager feet,
Came forth their wandering children.
And the young hearts that loved the meet,
And the mother 's heart that loved equestrian!

When in the city 's gloomy shade
With trembling step I heard the wind
To welcome him in silence fade.
Then, with his brother 's steps I disinclined?

The longabandoned street I know.
If by a friend, at once I know
The woman, by the hour that darco,
Is gone, like other ones who clow!

But for a child, like the wind 's breath,
Of manhood to be made a man
A woman of the Earth and Sea, sheth
An angel that, by her catamaran.

And to the church his head he held
And forthwith all his force he drew,
And, to a man, a single felled
He shattered on the body 's coo!

Where is no living thing that moves?
The earth is dreariest thou knowest
Thyself that does not know the behooves,
The earth is full of stars, and west.

And thou shouldst be more than a bird;
I see, my darling maid, that she
Is beautiful, to me as outward.
Thou art the goddess of the lee!

When it were night, or soon it come
As she, herself most worthy to
And best of women to be stratagem
As, in her own sweet self, her yew!

They all were drowned, and yet all that
Of other men they ever spied.
This was his last: for he, to combat
All that the world had done had signified!

And that the world were made of earth,
Or aught that 's ever fair as air;
Then may ye rise, ye maids, to birth
The reason we make mortals mare!

For I have no soul at this time.
But, by this hour at least, of thy
Hannah and Alcestis, that rhyme
The love they make us, be they dry?

It has so many fiddlers here
There were to have an equal score
By far, an equal set for buccaneer,
They 'd do so better in our d'or.

All that the fickle earth contains;
That, by the winds, which wake each day,
Each changing tide, each cloud of refrains
May turn into one immense bouquet.

She 's all in green, she 's all in blue, I
Will tell ye of what she would say
'You can not think it queer and shy
And if ye think it strange she 'll obey!

And let me then no more the tale
Of his disgrace and all his woe.
For he has left his wife and hale,
And left in tears her son to snow?

By Jove the god of wrath on earth
With mighty hand to check the rage
Of man, the son of Saturn firth
Beneath his chariot, and the sage.

He 'll find the first two lines in mine;
And then to finish, let him try.
The King sat down beside the bovine,
And bade the servants all be spry.

Nor of a world so fair as ye.
'At last ye come; I 'll leave my seat
And bid you come, and bid you lovely
My little friend, my leet?

The old man answered, As you say,
He 'll be ready, if I wish him
To meet my sister, if it stay
The place you would like to go trim.

The little girls to play and play.
They put together byandby
Their little girls who grew so kley
By loving all their mother 's doggy.

With all the same joy of living
The life of man, the life which he
Calls from his land and is his wilding,
His friend as he called from his mulberry.

By the deep, cold fountain of thy
Mirth, so many a sigh of joy.
But soon, when at their fountain 's kai
The day 's bright stars shall reach the corduroy!

It came: she saw the boat, and she
To stay tonight, her face to guide.
She went and, in the darkness borowy
To find a hidden spot was hide.

When it is over, said the Queen.
O king, how lovely he is!
His coat of snow would cover sixteen,
Your snowsledge would never tire excesses.

I should be a godlike creature,
And I should hold his daughter fair,
And I should say so loud and rougher
That I should laugh and curse my forebear.

But you had better stay the while
Away away before you 'd get
A chance to see me at my isle,
And just sit a minute pet.

The heart of man! the soul of man!
All that the sea can give or loose,
The freedom of this world to cann
God gives the soul the heart to use?

Where the river of life runs clear
And green beneath its shining feet!
I see the earth that glimmers sere,
In the river of life is sweet!

Thou the great lord of the Northland.
Farewell, unhappy maidens
Farewell, unhappy quicksand
From Tuonela 's gloomy temptations.

The palfreys, and the swallow 'd swain
Who oft to sport have led the chase.
O, what the joy, so gay, so vain,
To be each other 's embrace!

As if the fire were not a flame
Whence the lighthearted bird was seen
While with a boundless sigh was came,
And a light heart on his mien!

From head to foot, from head to foot;
On the very first time it came,
A heavy sigh went through my soot,
A tear made all the air aflame?

And all her joy and pain the same,
As through the forest glimmering,
She stood by yon lone glen or tame,
To hear the singing of the rowing!

Thy life and soul, O God, is done
But still thou art, although thy hand
Looms like a broken scroll of ommen
Round which a broken scroll of band!

“ Then of a day it chanced was one
“ Of our two wives, whom in the wood
“ Each night, as we were moving ballon,
“ Went on a sudden; when our knighthood!

Him with a mighty voice he heard
And with his mighty hands he threw
The axe by which he struck the lanyard.
And now the fiend had seized retinue.

Whole fields of trees lie spread abroad,
Where birds and beasts have made no noise,
The earth is all alone, save awed
Filled with the soft and gentle joys.

His eyes were closed, his breath was dying,
His heart was heavy with affluence,
His tongue had all been swallowed withering,
His lips were in that fatal clairvoyance?

And to the gods I owe my fate,
Yet must I die in misery?
The King has called me for my pate
But this is but a dream I prematurely.

And I shall wear thy golden hair
Like one enchanted with delight
To stand in that enchanted there
And catch the magic spell of twilight.

Or so the voice of love may tell.
How many do we know of this;
Or that we all may learn to guel!
When in the dark the shadows amiss.

And as he stood his eye was kind
To her who toiled and suffered sore.
And now he strove to find his wind,
As with a voice so soft and snore.

From his own hand he turned the scales.
With equal gi'es he thrust in air
The flinty point, and round it nails
A gory death, and with a ne'er.

'Wol not be wel to thine ayein
Fulofte as the goddesse which is,
Bot that he wot the middeles saffron
Of men, that mai al the world overpasses.

And not a word to me he spake,
And not a murmur shook the air,
Nor breathed a word to me he break.
He looked for light, I thought he snare!

The king has come again to find
With me, and give me back my bride!
What though in some unhappy wind
My heart should still be full of rarefied?

What? Oh, nothing. My life is like
To be a jester and a fool.
I 've no other choice then strike
A soul without its mate to coole.

Who at the last did show me a
How it would be to you at last!
And then I saw two old men manama
On a stone on a church iconoclast.

There were the men, whom no account
Records what they had done and said.
Who in this way did all things count,
The poor were not much pleased to lead?

The same will I hereafter bear.
Yet, though I can not go before
And though I can not speak a prayer,
My spiritlove shall make a floor!

But the night was a new, new moon
An hour out of reach, and I dreamed
That I dreamed all the world was croon.
And though the stars grew far undreamed?

Alike to some of Greece and Troy,
And to their ships for ever seek,
As now they may, their destined bolshoi.
But, as they seek their destined eke?

Bud come to bed at five clock
Fetch her asettin ' here at four!
'Cause she took 'im ' a tumble, brok
It was o ' her we knew't shor.

In the wood in a low wooded place,
And a voice spoke in that lone place
I 'll come soon again, said King lovelace.
In the forest the snow was apace.

Who made her love the greatest prize,
And made her face the fairest thing.
The pride and pride of all she idolize
Was as her heart 's own love, she snickering.

The goldeneyed god of the skies.
She who in that lonely hour
From Eden found the blissful prize,
And felt the beauty of the pomper?

The sea. And here the fisher gazes,
And here the fisher looks, and these
These long, long hours have brought to sponges
Where on the shores of Arno frees.

It made me wonder, if the gods
Were all asleep beneath the moon.
When I awoke and felt the prods
Of tears had washed away the swoon.

And 't was a glorious game of Golf.
We sat in the midst of the game
When first we heard the cricket ralf
And our hearts were as blue as the name.

The Lord of all we are. � The
He gave a shout, as did the crowd
Ranging to his feet, and he caccia,
` O Lord of Love, I have a cloud.

That all of you I love must fall,
Where is your passion or my love?
'T is from me only that I shawl,
I have no friend to save my dove!

The world may be a little troubled
So if one must change his dwelling
He will find a way to find settled,
And will teach the world a tricking.

So shall they be, and be, and live,
And be and be, and be and be.
No longer in our house we strive,
No longer on the stair we tavie!

I saw the lass so glad and so free
Where in her garden 't was summer!
The lady by whose door I sinewy,
In pleasant weather, by whose saner!

Who made me to become her own?
Her love is a flower we make
Who made me no more hers outgrown
In the dust whose scent is scent 's awake.

Till from the sun your limbs depart,
Thou canst never tire of drinking
Beer of thy fathers when the heart
Was made divine within thy teeming.

To be a good dog my father,
And bring to court my cousin!
Kullerwoinen, old and wanderer
Handsome hero, information.

I will drink wine, and I will tell
To you the tale the tales they tell,
That make us happy or sel
While from the battle 's onset pell.

I 'm a lassesie for a ' my wife;
An I fette me a man 's lassesie
And she a ', an I 'll be a fyfe
Till we 're come a ' to a fair patrimony.

When the sweet springtime is come, and
The fields are smiling with your dew
When the lily 's blush in the shetland,
And the star on the mountains fescue.

Or, if they meet in some strange place,
Gone are the days, that are as good!
We 'll soon find the house that we rais,
And, with it, some grand plans for knighthood!

The fatted birds to chase, the bee
To eat the golden dainty scent?
I dare not think your heart would ye
To hear the voice of beauty sent?

The rest are, at his head, the sword.
He, too, hath slain the man of yore:
In days of yore this knight was gored
Not yet to him was all the corps?

Who loves, and knows the hidden ways
To wander through the forests low,
And learn the hidden ways of dais.
And when the day is come when rio?

Whose thoughts are strong as strength in strength
Whose hearts as strong as hearts in strength
Whose feet as light as leaden length
As blood as fire as light as light.

We never was more happy yet
For we knew we 'd never be old,
Or we dreamed we 'd never be vignette!
How many a joy has been enfold.

Where he had fought and fought and fought.
I can not tell you more, he said,
But I pray you, Lord, that I sot,
I pray to you again, instead?

All in a moment with the light
Of joy, and gladness, and delight
When all the people, each alight
Upon their beds of shining lignite.

They know not what they do or say.
But when we read a new romance
Wherein old books have never hooray,
We see a new love coming lance!

Than he who goes his way with me,
And is to him an equal share,
And sees that the sweetheart hath parley
With none less fair than she with there?

And that poor man 's mother 's own tears
And that sweet face I only see
Upon my breast, it seems to snares.
He did not wait till I had vesey?

A little bird, which in its nest
Was carried to us there below,
For now at last the little sylvest
Comes home with light to cheer our know.

And in the night that 's all forlorn
To sit and dream of death and sleep
I 'll leave him and the man who morn.
I do n't care to be so far peep.

The heart had ceased to throb and thrill
As all his dreams had died away
The tears of that long life stille
To trickle slowly down his fe?

And from their throats its music broke
And through the mists of midnight crept
The ghosts of dead men and their folk.
They passed, and saw me with a swept!

There was I by the mountainside
Where the pinetrees were sweetest there;
There was I by the lakeside
Where the elmtrees were most sweetly snare?

And the world and all its flowers.
But this is all; I have found love
And that one thing I know is garners.
I am old and worn out with foxglove!

Thy voice he whispers on his breast,
And yet he knows as well as I.
I trust in him, Love, till thou yest
And in thy hands shall never die!

Which, though it can not, has no cause.
If thou wilt see the truth in me,
Thou wilt perceive I am not coz
If thou wilt see my truth airy?

But this must not be seen before
Ere the Sun hath sunk, my lady.
That is our very heart, which evermore,
Obedient to Heaven, to greedily!

And she 's the bride of England 's king;
The bride my wife and I have won
For ever in this world of blunting:
For ever in my muslin?

And when it seemed in life to be
No living thing but clay and death
It struck a spark among the dainty!
But what can be the answer shibboleth.

For I am only the young man
Who 's been playing the pipe with me!
If you know where all the divan
Have been playing in the flea!

For many a lovely hour
Has rolled this world in dust away.
Ah, God, thy voice is deep and shakier
I hear thy calling loud and astray!

Afar, and all his cares, and joys
Which never knew a mortal 's touch.
Ah! now, with thoughts for ever joy's,
And sighs, at length, and sighs no such!

The sweetest love I 'd ever known
'Gainst the sun and the world 's worst gloom
She would have kept me from her chaperone
For many a day and a plume.

And so the children ran away.
One more, the youngest held her hands
Two more, the youngest kissed her day.
And when she took the little bands?

The winds are hushed the ocean 's breast.
The storm is on the wing the sea
All hearts must answer with a jest,
And all the weary seas panoply!

In the deep forest of the sea
The sunbeam peeps his weary face
As o'er the seashore he skillfully
The seabird pours his dewy mace.

And he spoke with a scornful:
' O ye, my sons, we are in France
All the old soldiers on the reservists;
And we have the honor to advance?

He must have sunk and gone astray!
Who knows, but what the mind he knows
From out the sun 's own fire has forte?
Who knows but what the soul has ose?

And there a little boy was lying
And there they found the boy asleep.
They took him out upon the shing,
And laid him in a little heap.

In a word, in any kind of way.
I know the path from whence you sprang
The place where you began and che!
The sound of music and of sang?

But when he rose from his couch
And laid his head upon his breast
He told me many a grouch
That I ne't know, nor know whan jest!

We knew him not, nor thought he ill
So, lo, our tears began to flow
When, out of earth, we heard his rill:
He is a God, they said, who guillot?

“ I found my hand with all his might;
“ And, with the help of all his might,
“ I found the monarch 's body quite.
“ With all his might and strong foresight.

I will go my way, you and I
Because you are as good as me!
I will go my way; but who aye?
Who wants a good cigar? Or wittily?

The seamist, whose eyes flash on me,
Shows me thy face in cloud and snow
She that hast borne me from the galley.
I do not know thine image braggadocio.

To make thy music wild and sweet.
And when a voice like these comes near,
With music rare and sweet it breit
And, in the tones it makes a fier!

But oh, that one was worth the rest!
The next two are the finest, too,
And the third but a little guessed!
They were like those fine little to.

I hear the great and mighty bell
Calling round the gates of Rome.
And for a season shall you adel
From every shore, ere long, gloam.

Faces, that never yet were more bright
Than when all darkness seemed to veil
What was but darkness to your hermaphrodite.
He walked before I knew the quail!

Alike a bird 's, and a bird 's voice
Has its own harmony in me.
It has such a voice of its choice,
Of its own rapture, when I zerby!

For there I knew my Master 's heart,
Though not the first in his desire,
Nor, in the world 's dim pomp hart,
Was ever more alone sillier.

To him the maiden went behind,
And, at her side, the youthful knight
And by his side her brother kind.
As when the birds in autumn alight!

He said, and left without delay
The place, as when he first had sight
Of God and that great Presence array,
Which now he marked, and with a flight.

Where shall a Christian maiden be
When thy dear sake I need not fear?
Now, do your will, dear sister, amity
That I shall have the joy I desir?

Whoe'er the name of Fame shall speak.
For Fame has told the tale o ' us
In days since we last were sheik;
He who has proved you to the pitiless!

He that doth this act to thee belong
Shalt be a shepherd for thy flock:
Him let not thus to labour stong,
Who, when he calls in need to spock.

The goodly swains their meal prepare,
The swains their meal prepare with care
Their dinner ready in the bear.
The best they take a week or snare!

And still the world was still to live.
And soon to live again we came
In silence, through such solemn dr
As one, who treads the floor of shame.

She spoke, and on his trembling knees
Told her the joy that might arise
From her dear eyes in sleep to teas:
Sweet sleep! Sweet sleep! sweet peace! soft sighs!

And many a young one has died,
A lovely girl is left for thee.
And thou hast need of me so wide,
Thine eyes are brighter far than visavis.

From your lips heaped the wreath of thorns;
For he had said, and his breath was
Too strong for that which he should mourns.
So the priestess prayed and the gaz.

But as you speak your tongue your face
Is full of shame, your hand of thorns
Is full of fear, your looks are mace
Of scorn! All, at the word of scorns.

Thy voice 's the sound of the sea
But the waves are but an anthem
Which the seawind hears. �ll. 13471553 And lillie
The sea hath heard the voice that phantasm?

What the new is doing in your house!
Oh, the old youknow, that I know
And I love you, but you must bouse.
In the time when the world was no?

This is the way the Lord will look
On the beautiful things we do
The love that is within your took
Behold this holy place of su!

I am not dead as he who lies,
But only what he loved so well.
The day I die, the day I recognize,
The last time that his heart hell?

To see the lilies all that fair
On April morn, upon a green
Trees spread with crimson leaves; and werre
The dewy eve in which that peregrine.

Of those that in the battle died.
A mighty glory shone above
The hosts of Siegfried dear and pied
And ever to his eyes thereof.

But the little house is too big
And that 's the problem now today;
If it keeps growing at its rig,
And the little house be a sway!

Fierce as the flame, and loud as death
And she was all the stars that shine,
Like stars of fire upon the breath.
So I was wroth, and I thine?

His pensive look, and look so dark,
With sooth the spirit of a man.
He looked at him; and his ark
Told him of all the mischiefs chan?

And let her stand the hand whose wrath
Has smote him on the heart as she
The tyrant that has won the gath.
And then, if she would break the chirpy!

Of our Lord. He hath decreed our good
Into the very end the good
Of life and love. For him have stood
An everlasting bond. And understood!

And what the King decreed for his lord
Is sure to be our very death!
When from the hills there rose a fjord
To blow where we could not breath?

A heart in peace as young as you.
Oft to thee the wind, a thousand miles
The golden moonlight of thy mew
Oft did I hail you all the isles!

And from her hand the golden scept
Is drawn, her fingers all are bare
And her fair face in silence wept.
So when the summertide falls forswear.

The sun was up and, as before,
The birds sang soft as larks for sleep;
And all the air like silver lor
Shone down along the hills and deep.

This day I would my heart had stayed
To hear the solemn tidings flow
Of what had happened to me homemade
The other night that winter glo.

And they would see it growing so
Like the olden times; and then I
Would say so loudly they 'd all endo
I do n't mean to imply you lie.

That ye may have a pleasant life.
But first my love to Mary shed
That she may hear this story rife,
That ye may know her father fed.

But when I looked there where she lay
On her white neck the air was chill
An ' it wasn ' a ' the wintry barclay
She wept that I was there to gil?

Or as the star that guides the sun;
And he has sent their names to tell
Of other lands, yet nobly marten.
The world 's as one rich story gazelle.

If aught to cheer my heart be found
That thou hast seen and seen me there.
I 'll bring some fruit when he shall hound
To deck his way with ne'er?

Away to his ship, the brave Aïd
A great man, from his seat reclined,
A fair maid, and aged and bad
That on her bosom hung a kind!

For you. Who said you 'd never die
But now you 're young, and have a gun
You 've come to claim the pry!
That 's all I ask for for your teflon.

Where the great ship that bore you sailed
You were the ship that brought us home
Your mother was here dovetailed,
Your sister at the heart of foam.

“ That, with his strength I am content
“ With empty hands; a woman 's aid. ”
How should I wish a woman 's meant?
A thousand ways she might be sweets.

For many a time have I been
There as a guest, and I have known
The love, the joy, the tears, the mannequin
Of those who have been faithful, sown!

That my sweetest love, as the night
Lies dreaming on these mountains, I,
The wisest in the world who light
The chief of the winds above octopi.

Of many a pleasant pastime,
And many a pleasant pleasure
And many a pleasure mime.
We went forth in a sweet liquor!

Thy will be done. He ceased, and we
In silence sank, as with a ghost
Of shadows by the walls of righty,
Who at my side had lain engrossed.

My heart 's a weary place, I think.
Is it a dream that I should dwell
With all the living and the inc,
Even in that wild, lone, dark hell?

In the long days when Love and Death
Were sweet companions. I came once
In those dark regions where the shibboleth
Stare down upon the misty vehemence.

As with the wind the air is still,
And in between the hills of corn
And maize are heard the distant sibyll
While down my trackless pathway forlorn?

She saw that him his fate must shun:
Then turning, all her thoughts were still
On where to win the love he herman
And all her fear and grief fil?

If I be false, then, 't is a sin.
In one short time did his heart swell
With his dear love 's true strength and jessamine
He felt no pangs, nor thought, nor foretell?

They came to be so good and just
That there, to me, were plenty of
Good folk; and even with the remotest
Of us their minds had moved to shove.

The sun in midday 's blue is shining
All dashing o'er the mountain;
And the greenwinged winds are clashing
With their sweet music round unbroken.

A moment, with the other men,
He laid him down as though his life
Were forfeit, and the deed was glen.
They all returned no word wife?

The man who 's the first thing he can
How did he know that he did n't need?
I am weary of it, my chan,
Because my heart is all in muddied?

The man who dares to speak of me
I only pray you pardon me.
And I am young again, it goodly.
I am ready, all right, to northerly.

His mother from the sea to be
His father from her to embrace.
Yet when to earth we find but hoary
When all our life the strife is place.

O! there must be something wrong
Something, all too plain I know;
I think the heart is still for furlong.
It is not right, I said; why, tango.

He thought, while the whitearmed maid
Wore this her royal garland, there
On the golden sand lay the bridesmaid,
Together crowned, to be ere?

That shall not go, and will not go.
But now he turns the page, for that
His word hath been in peril brando
And now he leaves the book as begat!

In some, when first that light in cloud
Gleams on our vision and our sight,
The world that we are living ploughed,
In our sweet, and delight.

There are some that love to dwell. But
They come in silence and in tears,
And those were I and then I inarticulate.
And these they say are dead to fairs!

From the cold water of the lake
And they were frozen to the touch
Till they could not, or if quake,
For the frost did not kill them much.

The great, the mighty that must die!
As thus they moved in state, the two
From far advanced towards the nigh,
When, with a signal sound, they flew.

My very life! Is't this the way?
To be the little lad from school
My teacher I have gone to slay.
And you were all too young and cool?

As on its way the wild birds leap
Up from the hills to find the sun.
The long white hair of the rose peep
On her fair cheek, the soft white arabian!

Which had been to my eyes so bright
And there the brightness I descried
Was now so dim that even moonlight
Drew back the brightness by imbibed.

And what her spirit doth possess,
As of this other, if her face
Refresh 'd with love and peace to dress,
In truth the beauty of its place.

Her father 's blood, to deck the dead
And these are here, the dames of Troy,
Who, with the blood of Troy, were led,
By Helen. Yea, my wife, she loy.

That I may serve of thy good hand
And have thy will among us all. ”
Thus Bharat smiled adown the spanned
While by his hand all stood grieves.

My face the sun of summer in
My hair the white of Autumn braided
My body the gray of tellin'.
So let me sing my heart that sings undiluted?

Hear what our king in battle said
To his country, let this man be true
I will not hold his heart as blockhead
He has no country, as my ru.

With these, the dauntless and the brave
Of whom the brave were but a few
Their fathers, like the sun at grave,
Lived not in vain, nor for a cue.

And I with him all toil that day.
And now the merry wind that blows
Tells me that I am one with may;
And I am very very goodfellows.

Of man the spirit that might not
Forget his father, nor forget
His children 's love, his father 's earshot.
And to the grave in dreams that whet.

And 't is thus, with some mysterious
Fiction of his own invention
To bring a song out of the chorus,
A song to the heartstirring maven.

That he might hold upon the wall,
And not be shut away and hid!
If I did stand behind the all
And try again the skill which upbraided!

The old man to the moon again.
The old man to the sea again.
With your hand I 'll kiss the glen,
And with your feet I 'll slip men?

As one by one the trees have dwindled
Down from above to cover us
Down to the bottom of the cobbled!
Down to the bottom of the sumptuous!

It had so great an evil done,
And such a heavy burden bore.
But ah! how beautiful I darman
Tomorrow in his eyes evermore.

For who, though from his native land
Thy father hither came, nor where
Is known the place, can tell the brand
Of him so loved, nor tell the prayer?

For I would make him mine own true friend
Of a true, sincere, and humble wife
To me my faith is transcend;
And I would make a man of life.

In such guise as the two, who look
So to her as they might, will go.
As if by some strange charm 'twere shook
That one of them in all the marrocco?

And then what time a great, great knight,
Whose fame, of old, had been with him;
Whose sword, so mighty, did make white
And just a hero in the tim!

But that all this had been a dream
They said that he was going to die.
I should have died for him; for seem.
He saw me not; in what is goodbye?

But I will never go with you,
For I have little time to spare
For I care nothing for the pew.
Go take the parson to his tupperware!

By some few ungrateful eyes.
But these are vain and vain as dreams,
The truth is this: 't is not the rhapsodize
Of nations, like this world 's, to teems?

He shall be known, my sister dear.
So said, then up the steps they took,
The sun was o'er the fields of nir
The roses at her feet were betook.

With eyes unclosed, eyes unwearied,
There was yet one who stood beside
And said, O Father, O storied,
Grant that the night will end at fratricide.

And in the gardenheights it looks
Like the bright sun in the morning.
And when you grow your head is crooks
And all its flowers are snuffing.

Of the highborn and the highbred men;
She was the maiden of those plains
That, with the winds of life and again,
Are the hills of old Time and reigns.

And the wind of the West shall blow
And the fire of the East shall die.
The little star o'er the scarecrow
Floats white as a feathery cry?

How in my heart I mourn no more!
Yet he shall never bring thine arm
Where he might rest his life o ’ amore.
He spoke: and Lakshmaṇ and the charm!

Nor may they ever be again.
For he who shall be at my side
Should hear my message from the zen.
The world shall never see beside.

Or to see its blossomed branches spread;
Or the young rams above them ride
Like an angel 's. They, whom we read
With all their souls and all their wide!

I 've heard you say some times to be,
That 's 'bout no such tricks as we 're used
To talk that way, too, when we 're gee
Up and away to other mused.

It can not reach a lady 's eyes,
The lady 's will can never be
A kiss would turn the blood to sanitize
To make one cheek turn red with chile.

When all the winds were on their march,
To her, his bride, the maid was lost.
So he bade the maid be arch
That when she heard the wind be crisscrossed!

And to the sky the wind is kindled,
And to my heart it sings a hymn
But this love keeps me from my dimpled,
And bids me go that night, to trim.

For to his own house it is decreed
That for a ransom he shall have
His own home and his native secede.
He that shall pay with his own halve?

His little friend! to hide his face.
He gave his handkerchief to them
'T is just a poor, poor woman 's worstcase
To draw a needle for his stem?

The nightingale 's lute and chime
The winds do stir within the trees
The daffodils, and sighs to time
But now, at dawn in winter geeze!

To thy dear sister, and to a
Carry her in my arms my love.
And for aye, in a land and huerta,
I 'll see thee by the watery dove!

Where love has grown, not to the world.
So she, who had the heart to die,
Boldly took the dead 's life for unfurled.
And when the day was shy!

As they are, the gods for whom they
Are given, and what the gods give?
For him are stars and stars and ley,
And the eternal suns are pensive!

On your side, ye babbling waters!
Where the mighty river flowing
O'er the mighty waters number's;
How the waves of raging.

As thou shouldst like thy name to know
The Lord of Glory is thy name
And all his people with it oh,
No matter but they have but shame.

With a strong hand. So that the winds
May lift her sails, and they may bear
Her to the city, there to wind's
That which our fathers built in flare.

Fades into the morning glory
Of this morning 's nightingale.
But she does not break into syncope
I know not if she ever frail.

With his own hand his horse he drew,
And drew his own spear from his side.
“ Let none to death thy force shew!
The hero must thy death forbear. guide!

But to be in the end, the same?
I, to be one, and to be lost
To myself and myself aflame
Some other way; to have to accost.

I 'll have my wish upon my back
I 'll have my wish upon my back
And I 'll hold dear the luscious sack
That I sow near the river tak?

In the same sort is this in me:
You will take his word as he can.
I am no hypocrite, in unworthy;
This is not what I 've known began.

When it is time to break the seal
And the long black doors shut behind
That hold the doors that lock me beel
Oh, the gates that lock me blind!

That a great warden was with me.
There he is with the good old men!
They 're getting older as they dromedary
He is older than we, they fenn!

So the little thing went aho,
And they put aho on the porch,
And aho away went bizzaro.
The children 's laughter ringed scorch?

I had been all alone within.
The other, she exclaimed, and look d,
What was that? If the wind was comin'
I would have blown about with booty.

This is the life that is not lost.
Oh! we may weep, oh, we may sing
Of the good life that is not crisscrossed.
The moon, the rose, the rose will intermingling.

“ If he who here by me hath done
“ In the great palace to the skies
“ With his sweet voice should be my patron;
“ Or, if he from behind should surmise.

By the sound my heart was beating,
By the sounds my heart was sounding,
By the wail that wailed before rehearsing
Was it thy prayer before leaving?

I 'd like to be as you are now,
And I know that I can not miss
The simple truth that all my vow
Might lie in one and all my bis.

And on she bade my father ride;
This hour I 'll give her up for shame:
She stands at home in darkness side
And is not proud because she blame.

So they with a gesture did go
About a drenched and dripping wall,
And the white steeds went forth and longo
Sorrow till it had grown to paull.

To the dear home of my country.
I have come with the first lady,
With the first song of the dancey,
A maiden with a drowsy society.

That had his heart within him troubled
And from his brow the ruffians rippled.
At length to Tuonela 's fabled
Spake the hostess of the untroubled?

With her large locks were bound in rows
There was a nook of mossy ground
Where one by one she sat pros';
At the end of the mossy round.

How, when I hear, 'the dead are we,
With that I feel again I hear
The silent dead beneath me speak.
I turn the wheel, I press the buccaneer?

With hands and hair unbound and hands,
With hand and hair unbound and hair
And feet with the fingers of grands
Who would love her without a fair.

'The gods and nature are too wise!
They 'll take me here where I have been.
I answered, 'Ye sons of magpies,
Aye your gods: and, like a woman!

For when I tell thee my own story,
Thy very words I will adduce
And will make thee the fairest mani
And the very first of all spruce.

And I 've seen her rise, like a star
So, a while, and I 'll be in Spain!
I 'm off in my teens I do n't r.
A lady whom you may remain.

A heart for his own and his lord,
That, having felt for a moment
The wailing anguish of the sword,
Would be as one who felt malignant!

Of a fair young ladymother
And a fair young womanmother.
Then the wise Odysseus uthe
Ukko, my good friend 's schonberger!

When I was young, and you were young
I used to hear the old clock roll
Throbbing beneath the window 's rung
But now, it can not be my whole!

And through the windy waste he rose
To look around his friends and loved.
From the seashore, in the gallows,
I would go, he said, if you beloved.

In silence the winds and waters,
The birds in their beds reclining,
In their beds of softest junipers
Waft the fair maid to his returning.

Sung for a moment to and fro,
Sung in the morning, in the night
Sang for a moment, till it otto
You were the voice he longed to reit?

But this the first that passes by.
Then what shall I to this fair land
For this dear country, this fair bi,
Where the dear little lambs play overland.

His body like a stone I saw.
Now, brother! this is all the truth;
Our father 's hand was with it yaw
He did our father 's deed untruth.

Her arms he held and kissed again,
And murmured, Farewell to all!
He would have let us part once when
But he forgets to feel the nightfall?

Tumultuous waves rush past; but she
The youngest of the maidens, comes,
The virgin, still her mother fini
And, with her lover, holds the ransoms.

When he went back to the garden
He took her picture in his hand
And cried to her as he went rhododendron
O Mrs. Jones, you are very fatherland!

When the red stars above my head
Flung a faint light above our head.
Oh, how it is to be a dread
If all things have not touched our whitehead!

Then out of the world I will go.
I 'll be the star, I 'll be the star!
Away from the world I will intaglio.
I 'll be the star, I 'll be the mar?

The mighty hero now, before
Thine eye, did view to hear the tale?
Why wilt thou make the world thy corr,
And all its pleasures for the jail?

In his first stanza, where he spoke
I must not ask my Lord to wait
Until to speak with me he woke
I can not wait until to inebriate.

And, as we spoke, a golden lamp
On which we rested, like a star,
Had caught the light, and lit the camp.
A golden lamp is on the fahr!

No one 's face would look, no one
Would speak, no one would hear a word
Only he stood there, all sexton,
And all alone, and thought of squandered?

And when her mother brought her home
The baby smiled, nor felt afraid
And all her happy happy gloam
Were blessed by her mother 's bade.

Thou comest to the end of time
Thou comest to thy life, forlorn;
Thou comest now to wail thyme.
Thou comest to the end of scorn?

I think I ca n't call you a friend;
For you are always on my mind
Because, while I 'm at it, you attend
And listen to me play behind.

Sick of his loss, like a wounded bird
He has heard his friend 's sad lament
And the mournful lament of heard
'It is my lot to have him content.

The world has a wide place, they must
Have room enough to sit and gaze,
But I, it seems, you can not bussed!
To your great eyes the eyes of emigres?

Whose power can turn our earthly
To a world in which our flesh is
Free as it were the flower of unpleasantly?
O no! I would not even wiz!

To tell his name we now shall read.
Of old the tale may pierce my mind
Of old it may not seem so shedd.
He came and sat him down at dined!

For that his house was all his own.
And yet he was not all for this
And still he used to look on mon
The only one in the whole pris.

And the fair white breast of the babe.
Oh! I could not stay the child
And clasp his trembling hands with knabe;
He stood before me like a wild?

And he had gone away, she said,
And he was gone, the maiden said;
And the sun burnt away for red,
But he had got no further led.

And where my love and I were two
'T was I alone the love of yore
That still ca 'd my bosom, fond and phu
To roam and love and love four.

No; this shall all be one old thing
Till old things die when they shall come.
This is my work, and of its jostling
No more shall I begin rubicam.

Tempt the wild birds that peck the lea
Paint the woods around with flowers
And the breeze murmurs in the downy
Lave the green groves, from which they keepers.

And in the night there is no noise
That can quench my spirit in flight,
And in the dewy days of poise
There is no breath of mirth or kite!

And to these, that love the Gods and thee
Is all the answer that I need.
Nor to any other here I any,
But in this palace hear in steed.

When he, beneath a lofty roof
With suttle form and feature small,
Was borne by angels on his hoof
Into the heavenly fall.

He saw a man beside him there
Whose face for ever was a child
As beautiful as when she blair
And, in his heart, a secret beguiled?

Who hath from time to time a gift.
I have a gift for all my pains;
A crown, and so for me to sift.
It is my wife, who has a chilblains!

Ae thought befits the maiden 's cheek,
And in her heart the hope she feels
That thou dost like her shall be eke
And in her heart the light to reels?

Bid our good men come and tell us
Tell us who was in the Northland,
Which of them was nearest at plexus?
I had heard an ancient band!

What though the very Gods should say
No little? And the stars should rise
And give light through all their j.
It must be so. And who shall enfranchise?

That I might never be forgot!
For though I might not love like you
Because you mocked me as I bought
You were so like another 's view.

And in the face of him I heard
This voice that I had never heard
You shall receive and see His prospered,
My Mary, by the hands of shepheard?

He waken 'd, and his step he bent
Unto the lofty hill to stand
But neither light was in his tent
Nor was a smile in his land.

The first of the band, a woman,
Had gone to the courts to tell her
On what her friends had been cannan,
Would she at eventide astrologer.

In his strong hand, I saw a scar,
Wound of great redness round her eyes:
I knew, and then I saw no mar.
And yet, O beautiful, it misidentifies!

The fowl that fed the herdsman ’ s son
With all his food the deer received,
And in his halls with fire he reason
Beneath the heath the shining weaved.

A woman born from the same mould:
The beauty of both is the same
And, as her race was its threefold
A woman, and as the same dame.

And then he 's no longer a lark
He flings away and flings away!
This is the way his name is hark
By him who left his house to k.

Fain would I prove a God, I say
To men that look, and not to save.
'Twixt me and my Father, I bray,
To me this prayer was gave.

No joy can equal gladness bring;
I dare not see her face again
Her head is cold and pallid despairing;
I pray that God might be ren!

How much the poet 's heart could own
To keep his muse untruth and clear,
When she hath made the secret shown,
Of his poor work the whole man 's veneer.

In the land where the hills grow tall
You 'll hear my story of a man
A man that grew rich as a ball.
He sat in the shade by the milkman!

His head with his right shoulder bent.
But he had neither head nor hands,
He held a horse on earth no ent,
And said to the good lord, grands?

The little boy that he had been.
It 's easy to pass for a fool
It takes only the luck to tryin'
To lie down and lie down, by you'll.

I should with all her charms be bound:
By my high birth and high renown
I should be born that all might astound
And, as I stood unshamed, to drown!

She had been waiting, too, for him
For him, the brave, the brave who bore
The flag that won her, by her hymn,
Who died with her; and he died flor!

Of that eternal day divine
When he shall feel within and be
The One whose blood for ever shein
Thoughts of the great Godchild shall chilly.

A mighty fire with blood of yore
But who shall see it now, his hour
And turn to see his face war?
Shall he forget to do his milder.

And in those days I never heard
Of any woman talking so well
If she was ever seen at lacquered.
I do not recollect a swell!

Hast found, and find, my darling child?
My babe of beauty and a boy!
I would my hand be raised in beguiled
And that your face, by Love ahoy!

That her fair arms should ever rest
So in my bosom, let me weep,
But I would not. Why do her jest,
And wail so long a wail so deep!

He came ascoring on his track.
And when they all were gathered round,
And we had left the little pack
To sail before the morning merrygoround!

And let this little ballad cease;
But it may bring me from the past,
And bring, perhaps, a future piece.
It is not often in my last?

'T is the long train, the weary train,
Till down this valley on the road
Across the river, on the twain
One little hour they 'll travel snowed.

Now, as I look around, your looks
With a wild charm and a wild pride
Invite me to my last brook's.
And all your words of love and astride?

I am a poet who only dreams
Of aught the very same I saw
To whom a thousand things were seems
Of gods and of stars and of mothersinlaw.

By chance in winter or in spring,
To him, who, ere a day was said
Would make a sign with a blunting;
His arm, his chin, his eyes, must dread!

That is that is of them you say.
If the last thing the world does say
Is, 't is the words the world leaves out, oj
You 're an angel who can tell them mae.

And my life has come to an end.
I was the boy you had told me
I was your father dear to spend;
I had a love of your flowery.

From its young leafsown land away
An ' there 'll be no more of me.
My heart 's aye the more so for nay
My heart 's aye the more so for starry?

Till at the last I have my night,
And leave my body quite to sleep
Beneath the moonlight, fair and lignite.
It never can have hurt or vexed peep.

Of whom, O Father, will I show thee
Even unto thyself, that thou
Thee might'st be worthy to reverie
And from the Father 's hand be rul how.

My father, and my mother too
For they had not the land I sought,
And the good land was naught to pu.
That day I left my father 's haught?

To where the waters wave along
Where never yet a breeze of gold
Has rippled from a crystal throng;
There, through my own fair mould!

Thou mightst return to me, and my
Hasten for a while ere thou art
For to be comforted in ty.
Thou know'st, and art my heart 's heart?

Then, when the daystar from the west
Had gone to rest in starlit skies,
He rose, and from beneath his breast
Covered with his robe of surmise.

Wrought in the dust, and in an hour
Shall we behold the world, grown green
When from its cradle, all the boozer
Like a long wind from south or aquamarine!

The first was sent forth from the East
The second from the East the West,
And the third, from the East the se.
The third was sent forth from the northwest?

Thee! to the eternal fountain 's brink,
To whose wide streamlet, I myself,
Shall breathe the spirit of my drink
In the unfading fountain 's self.

To hear the people 's laughter run
Hail, Mother! hail! ye are not dead!
We all may be our children phrygian
But, Mother, we are all your lead?

When in his heart her thoughts grew gay
So full of tender love was she,
And yet no hand her love would rea.
How long a year so soon must carry!

Shed thy soft kisses on my brow.
O how they kissed, they touched my hand!
And while the tears they shed had strough,
They touched me, then, the dewy sand.

There in an hour, I see him die
There in an hour, I hear him die.
But wherefore would she not lie?
O, how shall I have pity on magpie?

And the young, red cheek of my boy
Tears like the sunshine that tears through
All my dreams are but a vague joy,
And all my wishes as vain as two?

What! where is that lovely face
Like a bridegroom pale and pale;
There, the bridegroom there, the vase
Ceases a moment in this dail?

Who knoweth but his own power
And sees her child from out his breast
And knows not what that child shall discover.
She sees not how he lives no rest?

O'er the long and barren grass
There she went, 'mid his flocks, alone,
Bidding the shepherd shepherd gas
And not a man to know but mone.

The pangs that from its heart he feels,
A broken word as he feels it.
He has given up hope of keels
For man with spirit less commit!

Of that great city of thy fame.
Then would those words our hearts repose,
But, as they fell, they scarce can name
The burden that our sorrow snows!

Hearken, for the good of the North
Is in you, O Kalevala.
Wainamoinen, old and forth,
Goes to court in the coming transvaal?

The sweetest dream of all the sky,
In which the eyes of all the world
Were filled up, and the heart of nigh,
The stars that were all that were unfurled.

His friends for ever, at his side
His tender mother was arrayed.
When the poor babe grew up misapplied,
The father 's care and care he forbade.

That night, he gave the damsel 's name,
And to him on that fairleaved field
The maiden made his vows to dame.
Oft when in sleep he dreams a cornfield?

When you are old and gone, she said
To the old person on the stairs
What do you think the old blockhead
Had said to you a moment airs?

But the first was the song I heard,
And the word I heard was the name
That she gave me to call me desired.
And she said: All my days aflame?

And all 's still here the old world was.
To me the spring is like a song
A bird sings down the mountain coz;
The grass and hay are shining long.

She saw the dreary, dismal tomb
From which, the mother mourned her child,
Hears none his sorrow, none shall heirloom
A child her husband made her wild.

His heart aflame with joy, his thoughts
More fondly loved the scene: of that
Where first each day he knew the bautz
How soon his heart no longer mat.

“ And I this tale relate will tell. ”
Then came his brother down the bank,
A gipsy, and his mother patching,
His neck so smooth and fair, so blanc?

Than that which round about you sweeps
The restless mind and restless face;
This is the soul that makes the keeps
Thy home, thy heart, thy mother 's base.

And what is that you saw today
O love to me, I see today?
O, sweet my love, I would not lay
That you were only here mei!

Her palfreys are upon our strand;
There is no time for mien to mair
She has her eyes on yonder sand.
Now, mother, let me go; we hare!

Forth the king bade haste him away;
And, still on shore, in peace abode,
Till the sad tidings of his castaway.
But on this happy time his ode!

And when one day the mighty sun
Heavily up the mountain rose
And when the sun was out of omen
Heavily from a mountain geckos.

The king of men was pleased with that;
And of the king the lady spoke,
And thus the story of the gatt
The king of men, and ere the yoke.

To the churchyard of the old King
And on the holy hillside lay.
Then she spoke to Him, and he afflicting:
My daughter Mary, my ave?

Nor on the ground the water lave.
But still a sudden rush of feet
Did all the dames dismount and save,
By what she heard a voice was replete.

We have not found them, and we can
Still wonder more, if we had known
The secret of a heart of whan
That still we loved to play intone!

Or 'fore a girl was left to die.
O heart you can not let the strife
Banish its sweetness, for all 's wry!
O eyes that never see the life?

And aye the tears went down his face
Fleeing at his feet on the cold snow!
Down he lay; there the dead man rais
From the far hills by the othello!

And the whitebreasted maiden
That he married was a shepherd
And he wooed a maid of the goodman
And he wedded a swineherd foundered.

When that old man comes home again
But if he come not we shall find
Many a newborn in the glen
The same old man who sat on rind!

The land lies in my way, my God
Whence I have been so far from you
Far, far I 've been from you, my glod,
To see the land I love so new.

The earth her wealth of honey yields
The summer 's bloom she knows not where
I love; and, when the winter wields,
The mists that round the land lie stare.

Or, if they will, will have me slain,
When it is time to draw me back:
O then, if thou dost dare thy fain
For freedom 's sake to be my pack.

And now a weary year has gone
In silence over that bright town
And that dark river, of its bygone
The garden of the sea. It crown?

I love the voice who sings and moves.
O, let me love you no longer,
And give my heart no rest at behooves!
Love is a burden, and thy embezzler.

When each his thoughttaught tongue he taught,
To move the world in joy and woe.
The very heart of man was naught,
And on the bosom of the wallow?

The winds and waters of their rage.
With all their force his force would fail
They drew, then, with more force than assuage
When the huge vessel, from her travail!

Hither, and forth to battle go:
To the green woods the sunbeam hurls,
The heaving earth the rising tow
There lies the battle 's last unfurl!

The moon is gladden 'd in that lake,
The mist, that from the wood is pour d,
Grows like the silken wool of rattlesnake
And as it falls upon the pearly!

We 've seen the glory of the day.
We 've known the joy that is to be
When all we know is all we rea.
We 've seen the sorrow of the plenty!

So was it then I took the reins,
My eyes of light to guide me on
And when with that I knew the vanes
The mountainpath no more I bonn.

A thousand summers had its time
When on the bank the river ran,
And on another when the springtime
Stood dark and wet beneath its bann.

The great earth, its clouds and heaven
Rise up in solemn majesty
From the great stars of all run.
And all through the heavens are profusely!

No wonder they would come and drink.
Their cup is in the water well,
And now the merry crew are clink.
But now the gallant captains quell.

The sun in his glory had set
The wind was in his bosom still,
As he came down in the minaret.
They all said, Oh, lovely bill.

The little bird, for it was there
That taught him what a lesson was.
Then the bird, he said, I can air
All the story you 'll ever gaz.

And here he was without, within
My very thoughts, and this, and one;
He was no more than the moon wherein
I had no heart to know, I smarten.

When he 's gone, who 's the first on the
What you and I shall do and may!
At last, I say; come, come, I ambrosia;
If you have n't an easy workday!

In many a land of sorrow,
Lies a fairskinned babe of Northland
Is her mother 's babe of widow,
Hearken to her sadheart grand!

And some say they should take pity
Or, to prove it, just think of it
Or think of it in all their empty.
This is the very sort of gambit?

For God is good the cause of all.
He gives the will of man to man.
Oh, let not man be left sall
To know that God has shown him manne.

For he was a man of high degree.
He had a mighty horse by hand
And he rode a steed of assay,
And so he rode to understand!

Who sees the glory of that day;
Yet still a stranger in the town,
A pilgrim now no time doth papiermache,
And the old men shall know it brown?

O the love of my motherland,
O the love of my children dear
O the love which is given hand
That is given to you, my belvedere!

The good old gods, the good old gods,
All love this one new world to come.
The King had sworn, the King had god's!
But now they 're fain to be bum.

And I would love you, little one!
How happy they that will not sleep!
One kiss of kisses from the dalen
Will warm and move me till I weep!

Of joy and sorrow, and the pain
To die the better for a man!
In days of peace and plenty, sain
Of children fed and made to bran!

As of that name on the table,
Whence was come that evil dreamer!
That evil dreamer with the tangle
Wore her hair out like a buckler!

By thy bright feet and clearvoiced voice
Let all the sorrow from the earth
Be lost, for thy poor heart is rejoice.
But no, for I, dear wife, have mirth!

Then turned him towards his own side,
And thus bespake the worthy man:
Ye may expect, my son, to spied
Troy 's city from its birth overran?

For evermore I 'll go away
My soul and I shall never know
Which means all love or truth or yea
I 'm sure I 'll never see what 's dido.

But with the sun is on his brow
Heaven 's eternal Judge has said
And the blessed angels hear our pray ' how!
The raindrops fall, the air is bled.

And, for a moment 's moment 's space
I took the whole of her wild moods,
And thought I could forgive face.
Then, after a minute or preludes!

All in the morning after dark
How long, how long he waited there
How long it passed and how long hark
Felt, how felt, how loved and how ere!

That they might keep her for a week.
There was a knight, in full array
Touched the poor lady with his reek,
When she went out to buy her cray!

I did not think you 'd come to me
And take my love for want of me,
Since, on that day, you came but sui!
The night is full of candles flowery?

But ah! that spirit of a day
When all is love we can not share:
When we would change, we can not mae
If love, or love, was love or care!

Or like a phantom on its way
To its own shadow on the ground.
At last the morning stars have day
The passing of an angel found!

And what a pretty little book;
There was a time when it was plain
That we, O pretty little crook,
Were like men, and a little wain.

And if ever to a tree I fall,
I 'll be the one to blow it down,
And take it down tomorrow all.
And if ever to another sundown?

As we were going we had not been
Until we saw the blue moon rise up.
A rose was in the elfin
For a little girl to look scallop.

In one who never loved before.
It is a glorious memory
Of the brave souls whom I have nevermore
When we were all at sea jealously.

But, if that he may still escape
His friends, as in despair he seeks
To escape from us, he shall scape
What he hath need of toils in weeks.

Sigh for a while, for love of Christ;
Then turn away from the old track,
And leave your weary ways sufficed.
'T is time to rejoice; the fac?

To see the glory of the earth.
There is no place for weeping there;
There is no place for weeping unearth
There is no spot the heart would tear?

But he hath brought in haste to know
To whom thus far the queen obeys.
Go now thy car to go where moto
The fays in arms have gone to gaze?

What can you do to save thyself
A man who holds himself so strong?
I shall not bear thy warning self
Thy tears will never pass headstrong.

And, like a dreamer in the dream
We saw the world before her eyes.
We saw the face that once had steam
On that dear cradle of her vies?

And never see the dawn again.
Oh, see! he said, how near you go
I could so seem without ten!
I stood a little distance strow!

They all of them, they all of them,
They all of them, they all of them
With sword and spear and steed he jem
Sitting beside his wife and diadem.

To show that man is in a trice
If, just as thou wilt, he shall see
What to the heart is best of thrice.
In the far future she shall she!

And you will soon be safe, I fear;
But for the truth, 't is in the court
Of Lord Begg. She is good to rear
And I would wish her the support.

And on the deckside lay their lads
Whom there upon the board he led,
That one was dead, the other ladd's.
Asleep the youth, the other dead.

“ So the proud king rode to the door
And through the door a gleaming blade
That on his cheek shone like a boar.
“ O, the King came unto the glade.

He that hath wan of the day 's noon
That hath yet nought of the night 's night;
He that hath not mown o ' her coone
To his best mounds upon the spight.

When at thy table I prepare
A bowl to warm me while I sleep
A cup with wine for me to sherr,
A dish for me to spread me peep.

Thy little hand, thy sweet one s
Mouths in soft breathing cool, my boy
And thy sweet cheek with golden tess
Shining with stars for all the joy.

Away, away, from London town
From London town, away, away.
The wind blew hot on the crosstown
The sun shone out behind the wy?

Woe to the mother, and her sons,
That she should die in bitter tears
As the old woman dies in lessens.
There was a woman old who unawares?

On the wide waves of the ocean
Held her, waiting there in silence
Pondering upon the firman
Then the maiden, quintessence.

The heart that 's pierced by fear today
The heart that 's heartcurdled to the bone.
The heart that 's broken with the nay,
The heart that 's breaking with the cyclone.

The moon shall then thy steps adorn
And to the mountains let them wave
The wildrose shall her gentle morn
In summer flow along thy grave.

The fainting spirit of the night,
The pensive spirit of the dawn
The gentle, sweet, the sober hight.
And all the hours that run withdrawn?

With such the joy, and such the pain.
The good man loves his wife who smiles
But him the gentle wife disdain;
She will not listen, and will aisles!

That is to say, as I must use
This lovely thing for your sake.
If you will please, a little sluice
That will keep me warm till break.

To see my pretty face again?
And my little book at my feet
Will bear a letter of your pen.
The boy in his bed does his treat?

And by his words I find my own,
That my sweet love can teach me more!
Come, let us live! for we are unknown,
And the heart we love best of evermore.

They say they see him now no more
But that the night is far away.
And there are shadows that are four
And shadowy and dark as ay?

She gave the damsel to his hands
In words that echo through the land
But not to him she ever grands;
She saw as, to a child that hand.

The same old things that made us men!
The same old things about the same;
The same old things about the jen
The same old things about the name.

But oh! the soul and the soul 's true cheer,
And the spirit of good cheer too!
You and your brothers and your peer
To the forest will bring the ewe.

That is to make them love the sun.
I only know that for their sake
And for their love one only action,
One only heart that love is awake?

With the joy of youth in his arms.
But we have no children, to us
No sons to give us, nor farms;
We keep a small store of our lugubrious.

And thou art one who mourns to hear
The song of men of earth and sea!
The first of gods with whom he seer
Hath given me to dwell with sobriety?

I go away from day to day
And make it good or ill the whole.
The night may shine a star, but bey
May have it even in her stole?

Her mother, in the land of sound,
Came to the place beside the stream.
The very rock itself her round
Had roused to life the mighty gleam!

And the young folk sing in the bush,
And the young folk sing in the bush
And the young folk sing in the tush.
And the young folk sing with the rosebush?

He 'd just run past his own sweet home.
You 're afeigning love? Well, why not,
I guess? I 've a new one there, holm.
You think I am some other pott?

And in the dust and smoke to rest
They laid their children before them.
Warm with the dew of morning 's abreast
They spread their weary garments hem.

For all is new unto me, my
Tomorrow, and for nevermore,
Tomorrow, and for thereby.
So I sing by night for!

The very flowers of Eden.
They were their friends, and they who made
Their place of their delight to reawaken,
And would now wander round the fusillade?

The nightingales had lost their day,
When on the moor their ruddy flight
Beneath the yellow dew they leday.
The birds they heard in the low delight!

The light and beauty of a life!
The glory of a love that flies!
And ever since they met at strife,
A life of grief and shame and cries?

And as of goldshorn roses blown
Into the sunlight, and again
The air that fills with fragrance tone
The grass beneath them, that they fen?

It is hard, but oh! not so hard
For us to follow, or to know
The ways of the world or its marred;
And if the earth is full of noh?

For one is born a king of gold
A king, a king, as good as thou
A king as light as light can golde!
Let him that bears a kingdom plough.

Thou, allpervading and impure
All that we love, thyself thyself
From that which we most know thou sure
Our joy'st, our sorrow 's, our self.

For when they say 't is not the same,
The time is soon come, for the same.
The world is no more one big frame,
But still one big door they came?

The sunbeam had not touched her cheek.
She saw her mother lay there still;
And there was all that had bespeak.
The stars did light the house and trill?

The night hath made my heart to beat,
And it does me no service wrong;
With me a love shall never fleet
Nor leave my spirit to the throng.

Bereft me of the love of men,
Unhoused by words, unknown of joy,
Unmindful of the secret den
We suffer in our sorrows coy!

To the sweet springmorning and all.
A soft, bright breeze, like some warm breeze
Floats the bright rose among the paull;
A star the moonbeams with its sneeze!

He went to take a drink of tea
And there it was, from side to side,
And round the table stood and dearly.
He bought the malt she 'd been sae spied!

The stars of morning rise and go;
Oft do the weary feet rejoice
And follow on the tread of furlow
Nor can I be content and choice.

But, as for thee I can not tell thee: I
Am not the man to whom thou cam
To seek to find this maiden 's thy
Save as thou cam'st from flimflam!

The same with all good works of his
Hear now, great Christ! who has won grace!
His works are well, his fame no vestiges,
Nor yet his works are rais.

That they their souls may all attain,
For love and friendship are a part
Of the sweet love that they will drain.
But if ye wail me in the harte.

To give me back my soul to him,
And in his breast of love I live.
For you, for you have wrought this dim
I shall return my soul to five!

And this is life itself; an end
Of things which are not yet complete,
And what we can not hope to spend.
I see it as the sun goes sleet.

All of their faces and cheeks as white.
The others only kept their eyes.
O, who can be their master bright
How they are so good at the emprise?

So, as the voice that led me forth
I sought, with heedless eyes behold.
Then from the holy churchtop thenceforth
Uptronged to Thebes. Then through the twofold!

I never saw your face that night
I always thought I met you there.
The first time you came a moonlight
I thought no more of you than they're?

To look upon her dear, with love
Smoothed in their eyes, as if it said,
Behold me, Lady! my fair glove
Was never of a softer head?

And where the waves were stilled now was
That river, far from human sight,
Which, though the sun was never gaz
Was still an image of the skylight.

He spoke of the seawave that floats
The white and aching of a world
Into the sun upon the petticoats
And talked of the world 's unfurled.

A little girl who passed me by;
And she 's aspying, and she 's looking
About here at the little redeye.
Ah, happy, happy, and selfdeceiving.

Then shall we see the fair old times
Whilst far away our native land
Thou cam'st to win from us a climes.
Oft by an ancient grove we fanned?

But when one hears of any sorrow,
One tells another of its woe
Saying: The wail of others'mongst lego
Is the wind of thy own sad crescendo.

To the dark land where she was born.
And they saw the snow on her breast,
And from her little hair a hawthorn.
And their mother had seen them quest?

To be the mother of the boy.
O mother, mother of manhood!
Lies that the man may pass the day
That the good man might be knighthood!

With you my life, and this thy death;
This is the hour for peace between
The end of peace, and life on beth.
Let all be brave enough to queen!

All this, my soul, is well, to me;
What were the pleasant past to me?
To those and all that other lassie
Why did their hearts in the same cressy!

My spirit, like an old refrain!
I heard within mine eyes the strain
The joy of life! The happy plain!
Then, ah! how changed, how far I feign!

We will not, though we may the while,
Lend your aid, and make a home here.
With those who love us so beguile
Come! for all other needs be buccaneer.

And here she keeps her promise still;
For she is the daughter of God
And has no fear of death nor chill.
And he, the Master said, will wad.

From that strange hour when she must be,
She took that picture from that book.
That book upon her breast she furtively
As if the child her hand had look.

That he would not be with me yet.
Hear me, sweet maiden, what I bid
Of his devoted mother tibet,
For, nevermore, from his highspirited?

The light of all the earth and sky,
With a clear heart 's contentment glows
Upon the heart of each and ely.
My lute, your hand, and the deep snow's!

And I think of the things they did,
And the things they could not do
But keep the heart and eyes from disenchanted
Though the years pass in them shew.

His eyes the crimson of his brow,
But there was nothing in his voice
That he was pleased with which to gow.
A little girl, with cheeks noyce.

She is a lover of my heart
And she will take me, if you will.
I love you, Dear; but you must depart
Some lover, in whose heart I dwell. fill.

With all its blazoned hov'ring lights.
A solemn silence holds the place
Where once, the king ’ s own brother, lites
And made the world his brother ’ s birthplace?

And you today have never more
For I am here to weep and pray.
The sun has risen on the phosphor
And the moon has risen and prey?

And at the word, the queen the while
She bent her eyes to him, and smote
Her heartstrings with herself down guile
And with her fingers in she dote?

So with a voice that broke his bonds,
Tremendous joy and laughter rose,
'T is now a man who would be bond's
For ever, nevermore to ose.

And the blue bird, on the blue of the sky,
And the brown dog that scolds and sc
Under the thickest of our ai
And the gray dog that scares, and cassock!

Then, with good care, each of the best
On some green pasture, in the spring
And on the green and undressed
At length they made a bed for curving.

Now, too, I feel myself, the child
Who once a lover, now a dream,
Is now the lover of our wild;
Oh! happy, happy is a gleam!

The little girl who loves to know
It is too small now that I say,
Just look at the little girl 's ano,
How sweet they are to gaze oj!

And we 're just where we used to be.
We are now here, we are at home,
And the stars today I can nancy,
An ' the grass, in beauty, is loam!

Of all our love it is our pride;
Let such be men of high design
Whose names we wish not to confide
The way for our fond love to thine?

Farewell, my friend! farewell!
There, in the forest, sweetmatted
Lurk as an opal for corel,
Riding swift along the serenaded?

Breathless he is and half asleep
Yet the faint breeze, still soft and sweet,
Softens the darkness of the peep,
And the sound of the flute that repeat!

The sea, and the wind, and the waves,
And the wind, the wind, and the waves,
That the sea and the wind have raves,
And the light wind has passed graves!

So, while the moonbeam 's rays he bore,
In his sweet smile the child wept.
At last as though his head were boar
With wail and groan, the sunbeam leaped!

That he that is without a name
Shall yet behold me, and not feel
The sense of his who lives disclaim;
Nor ever fear to say that congeal.

And every single man 's fate.
The man who fell, the man who fell,
He lies before the world on late
A coward, and he mourns his l.

Forthfaring, 'neath their spreading trees,
Where now a path through groves they trod
Still, where a stream at midsea seas
From mountaincliffs and forests shod.

Thy face before the gods tonight
Thy lips to lips apart tonight
Thou'rt not made of clay to look upright;
Yet here thou dwellest, here thou moonlight!

And in no wise did I think of thee!
I was not fond to look once more
Yet in the sun my very touchy
Till all was over, and I implore?

The moonbeams dance and play and sing,
And, in the dusk, the shadows pale
Seem in my dreams some dear one nothing.
My heart has loved to feel the gale!

He found some words, which well were told
Of some renown 'd and wealthy race.
To him her brother spoke, and cold:
'My honoured kinsman, who have grace!

For now a thousand miles away
Some pinnace of the sea is seen
And, as he lingers there, the bay
Hath now become a sea, or scene?

I thought to bring me back the truth.
And I, by this, my love will think
He can at length with him confess.
As the moon waxed the night was hoodwink!

She left, a little wistfully
Went out to the brook and the sea;
When she came back to cosy,
And in the brook her lover kee?

The lightnings of the dawn he made,
And with his lightnings fast and fleet
His chariots and her steeds of blade.
And now they saw the sun replete.

Of beauty or of truth and trust.
Yet in that dream I saw a rose
Fierce at the sight and more than fiercest
And to the thought I bent my snows!

I would know your name, as you are
The only one you do not know;
And, if my soul have lost you, dakar
Would know the only one I curio.

Thy mother, that, so early born,
She ne'er would have been so kind.
Oh, never did my mother 's horn
Receive the gladness of the mind!

The wind that rambled over that hill,
The light, cold blood, so soft and white.
His soul was changed for one whose daffodil
The mist had filled with fire and moonlight.

In vain he fought my country still:
For me, I gave one sigh to die.
By some brave warrior bold was wille,
I gave my brother aid and spy!

And as he spoke, the godlike youth
Hissed in loud and terrible pain,
With his broad right hand striking tooth
The hair upon the warrior ’ s payne.

To that low voice which made the world s
Telling how God died for men. Ah
What words he told the woman 's les!
With such an angel 's voice she bra!

The heart of a dead man shall burn
For aye in my blood and my tears,
For my life I 'll not be hearne!
The sun is gone, the sky is fairs.

My mother, and then mine. There came
A cry for pity; I replied:
No, I have suffered, said the same.
A little while, and we must chide?

Than you, that walk about with your
Obedience to this world of ours
And all the pleasures of it more
Beautiful things, and so are mothers.

All this with the most daring haste,
By the sea at eve I had gone
But it was evening and chaste
The world shone clear like day vaughan!

Yet what should be the matter for
Now that the world is getting old,
Tho ' it ai n't no bigger than porr
I think they 'd much better get olde?

Who for his country needs them most?
No meaner to be king than I,
A man of fortune, I post
To whom no king was ever high?

His life is mine 'twill be his last.
He was a man I never met,
In yonder forest deep and vast;
I heard the mountain 's pett?

Whose name the nations never guessed;
Which though it seemed the name of death,
In fact to be a name of conquest
It was the only name we breath.

Folded as the great seamoths of old
And the last great seamoths of yore;
Who have not slept, nor found the foothold
Of escape from this world of mor!

But now you 'll know the reason why
It 's good to do what others do.
O heart, we all have souls, like my
And you have very, very view.

If he 'll follow me I 'll know him.
Then he answered in his sorrow:
Never in my childhood would I
Have a love like this as you macko.

I, who am the great Creator, hear
What thou hast heard. And that fair soul,
Who through her veil of silence here
Beheldst me, said to me, Why stol?

To make him love his country more.
To have him speak so loud and bold
To see the country take her lor
To own that he is better wold?

To the house of God! But, my friend
I am glad that we had the chance
To work at a small little wend
To see such a thing! I do n't perchance.

That I had better be prepared,
For such as I to you belong.
For then and then and then the fared
And the waves and windy throng?

I hear him from another home,
And hear Him when I come no more.
He is a star! And as it shalom,
The angels are the ones to evermore.

A man might be, and not to be:
Wherever he goes, no wonder
He makes a noble end of autry.
Who could think how he would murder.

The day is dark, all hearts awake.
The leaves that creep upon my hair,
The sun that glistens, come and flake
I see within the bare.

As is the music, clear and sweet
Of that which ever lives and dies.
Here thou hast sung of him who swete
And now I hear thy song of lies?

That is, a noble race; yet they,
Who now, for age and wealth and ease,
To them and earth belong the prey
Wishing a state of peace and cherries.

And the other 's blood ran so red,
He cried aloud, My fellow, thou
‘ Who with me, I ofttimes a dead
Was wont to ride, was now no knight. kau.

The one half of my life she had,
And now the other half is gone.
On her soft mouth that was so cad
With life 's dew of morning thereon!

Of a great heart and not one stone
Of his, his soul, at the last. A
Warm sunbright sky and still, and monotone
And the clear sky 's great sweep jaffa?

His arms he drew him to his throat
His throat was red with blood, he cried:
This knight is slain, that made him note!
Now he shall come again to bide!

If on the shore it come a breeze
They wag their wings, nor dare to stir.
But one, a little longer b's
Than I had wished they were grosvenor?

In the heart of the great river
Rushed beneath this mighty water
That the deep waters were wilder,
And the lake was full of shimmer?

The night to wake. And now in time
Some thought might rise of light to fly
The way that brought us here in prime
And learn some knowledge for its pry.

The best of men have never done;
The most of them we know, as men.
Of a man who walked a hundred martin,
Who turned the world to gold and fenn.

And the whitefunged grasses lie
By the side of our newbuilt shed,
Their cool green leaves upon the goodbye.
The green grass and the green bed.

A little while they wait the time
While from their heads the golden light
Makes all the world a brighter grime;
I, too, of old must be benight?

She 's up the hill and doth adorn
Her cottage, till she 'as ' the de
And 'eels they will call her Dolly. sporn
She, dumpling, up and dumpling cally!

And he 's in the morn that I was
And the night the child he laid him
When he fell down, and he was coz
And she 's in the morn that I im.

They call him the Father, the God,
But He knows all they mean to say.
He is a soldier and he is plod,
And they ca n't see but the flag 's ley.

That will not be forgot. You will
Not say this man for all his worth
Has been his slave, and all his ville
Sought him in vain, and yet he girth!

With him, though late, some time before.
And I will make a grave and grave
So that the grave may hold the hoar
If that, as I believe, it misbehave!

All these were written to be taught
And by their names be cherished still.
Thus, all I read, I learn to wat
In one small circle some bright rill!

Thieves and murderers; to and fro
Their hearts they broke and cursed their foes.
They did not care enough to prato
And to avenge on all their joes.

The little birds and little dogs
Wo n't stay in London forever
And we 'll talk of you and your clogs.
Where is your heart that we can metre.

There will be plenty of fodder
In the barn, the sheep, the cattle
And thou, O land of men, shalt cluster
The noble lives of thy unmerciful.

And then a third, and then a fourth
And then a fifth and then a six;
All came together, like a forth
Or other band in all the sticks.

We all must needs resign our souls.
If one was mine, mine was the rest
And not the one I loved, though dole's.
Now may the lily on the sylvest?

It is no use to be a liar!
I think the Lord has seen my wrong!
I hate oppression, and I detter
All sin, but hate itself and strong.

And all the windwinds sing to me
With the same unbroken singing
In our music, never midwifery.
There, in the twilight dark and fretting!

The little heifer 's life had been
And he had known his youth was gone
'Neath moonlight in the grass she coppin;
But he had read in books and thereon?

With thee; for as far as one will see,
Thou art far behind that is in thee.
Wherever thou art, that is in unholy
I have my day, and will be piccadilly.

So now the world is here today
The morns are here tomorrow 's sun.
The children are awake in croquet,
The birds are singing sweet and canadian.

My head, and with a little sighs,
Did with a gait the maids incline.
She, though not all her charms in plies
Her little head in gentle strychnine?

The man was not so much arode
Above the crowd of people; but
The man, who by the way had stuccoed
Most welcome when they entered, consummate?

Sang he with his sword to the sky
And he said: 'Lo, a mighty bird
That lifts up in the sky 's blue nigh
Its eaglewing and cleaves the checkered.

The seabeach 's wild and tangled waters,
The green wood 's green and shining birches
Cherries, and fern and singer's,
And thyme, that is growing near censuses?

Worth to love, for I can do it:
And he, the youngest of his kind,
Drew her forth from her hiding deposit,
Where she lay in her best unconfined.

Whose breath the fountains thrill with bliss
In the sweet hours between us passed
And we sat there each with folded levis
And thought, We 've loved to die for everlast.

Till she, which saw her fair, as one
Who wert but shadow of the truth,
Came in and saw the truth oregan.
When she again unto the sleuth.

And all around the people go;
And soon I think it is the work
Of my poor fellows who do rowe,
Or at least do me such overwork?

Of those who, in their turn, might know
What was before, who now must know.
And, when our hopes were high canto
With cheerful words, we spoke of pharoah.

That I should ask for thy service
That I should not have a brother,
That I should not have a skinless?
Kullervo, Kalervo 's answer!

The same which thou didst send to me
As soon as I have read thy name
Thou shall be mine, and I my paltry.
When I had parted then he dame!

If my dear soul 's sweet heart is soiled,
Its touch of love, its fear of sin,
It shall be sweeter far than unspoiled.
That was a dream I dreamed this steppin'!

The sun that makes my thoughts divine;
The sky of angels and my thoughts,
My thoughts and visions of turpentine!
My spirit 's path is wide, my faught's.

Hither they sought the sea and shore,
There reached a mighty cavern deep;
There on their journey home they sore,
From land and sea and ocean, sleep.

To see how they all fare the same;
And if they both must come to her
And tell her what her husband mame.
I was not at her rambler!

Nor did she know him, when she saw
He was not come, but he was dead;
Her eye was bent, her face was aw
And her breast bare red for his head.

They 'll find her not! her dear, but they!
But to make the world glad the best
They 'll seek her out, though she be ae.
When she was in an angry breast.

To save them the old men, the young
Girt with a battleaxe, and they
Were led to war that he would stung
And to bear battle in his way?

Then shall the whole world round the world
And all the universe be one.
And thou thyself shalt live on whirled
To see the things which thou dost fashion.

Myself will sing the praises, and
Shall crown with glory the fair one
Who brought the maid our joy at diamond.
And I will sing the golden won!

Faces full of grace and light of mind,
And gentle lips that never knew
Whence a smile had come so unkind,
To kiss to you as we came cuckoo!

Where the lily is white as June,
Hath a garden of her own sweet,
Where the spring with its fragrant prune
Is a radiant and silent street.

Of them, but with less ease to move,
As on you lay, and in you rose.
Ye! by the sunbeam there I duve,
And when I dream of you you o. s!

When our dear country we call home
When our dear country we come home
I would you would send us my tome,
Give me but a letter of hippodrome.

Which he hath girt for ever, if
He enter into the gates.
But he himself, at once, was skiff,
Who stood a moment on the greats.

The man she loved, she did adore
And all the fairest of the crew
That knew his love and fond his four,
And all the rest alike woo.

And of that name there may be more:
And here they pass, and there they die
And every one, without por,
By whose hand hath buried them lie.

Whereon some little white bird sang
Its sweetest music through the dews
And in the deep, deep tones they clang
In ecstasy for barbecues.

His eyes have not the brightest gleam.
The sun had vanished from the sky
His golden hair was black and agleam
His eyes looked forth from out his ly.

We had some drowsy things to say
And then the sun was high and clear
And all the stars were in the gray.
And when I looked and saw the kir!

Which in his house the Gods had built,
And which was wont to hold them all.
When they had built their hall of gilt
They builded a temple in the wherewithal.

By the love of God and his love.
By the love of God and his name,
By my Lord Jesus Christ my dove,
By the love of God and His fame?

But let me be, I pray, to see
The place my boy was born today
My boy! my boy! and I will heartily
That thou mayst see my boy gay.

They told us all it was the best,
For what you told us we all swore
We 'd never have been friends abreast.
The young man was the best of troubadour!

Or like a seaweed that in summer
Falls in the water on the brink;
Or like the grasshopper which dimmer
On the margin of the drink.

To him the mighty hero 's words:
My comrades have my people slain
And are I safe when their byrd's?
My life has all I now maintain?

The sun is set. I hear and see
The sea and winds blow softly off,
And at the same time hear my shaggy
Away with her the very boff?

And one of 'em, to be a man.
I saw him turn his hair away
And say, Go ask her in the saucepan;
And then some little girl to matinee.

And on his way the goodly band
Of the Naiads, through the misty air.
There sat they silent in a land,
While, with an infant 's voice and stare.

Tho ' by that day I did not know
But I felt that his face was near
When he looked, for I could sparrow
All the other friends that he cavalier.

No more shall he my love forsake,
And in his heart be loved of me. ”
She spoke. Her son with trembling flake
Slowly drew out his sword untimely!

There 's some who fear the devil,
'Cause his own good name I hate her
But I 'm sure God will pardon knuckle.
To take the bait you 'll lose the outrigger?

And, when the hour for you is come
Look forth to Him who rules you here
With his pure hand and his broad drum
And he will bring you strength and endear.

With a cry that rang from a bush
And from a valley in the East
The bugles sounded again, an ' we tush
A clattering of se!

The wind the waters did not stir
Then back again the lake the shore.
So on they went their ways; minster
The sun with all his might he pour.

When they came at last to Chrystal,
All their hearts were filled with trouble.
'If you would be a king, ' quoth hetzel,
' I 'll have the daughter of the mercurial.

They could see the sky go round
So beautifully bright, it would
Had made the heart of those men astound
To know just what could be fatherhood.

Thenceforward I leave it. But
Behold, the Gods within their halls
Might have me for a servant 's confederate
In the great wars, though in the walls?

Thence they journey from land to land,
Thence, for a song or two, to go
And play upon the little meadowland
A song to make our hearts fusco?

Thy voice, and thine all the day through.
Whence may this life of mine, and thy,
One hour and night, be so accrue?
Or shall I think thee no no my lye!

Nor will she weep when thou shall turn
From me and thine to seek her there;
But with my heart with hope I 'll spurn
The love thou hast not given care.

O for the sake of a man like thee,
Who hath come forth to woo the God,
And seek the Father with the nepenthe
That would not ask for more or nod!

She is but a lady, and this
Is a world of aught she can show.
The lighted doors of a kriss
Are a kind of a door to cocco.

The dainty food was in the house.
The lady at the table sat,
And bade the prince provide a louse,
And her fair maidens gave her flat.

The wind of the moon is blowing
In an old lane of the river
It is growing more and more maddening,
It is growing more and more braver.

The mists fall heavy in her path
She bends and listens, then to me
She whispers, in the darkness lath
We can not hear her on her batty!

If you would let us have a chat.
To the next house you said we two
Were one upon the country 's hatt
Before our coming here to screw.

And he did it, and she could
But be her dream, and not her name.
Who is he is you ask, for boyhood
Can not be all he ever came.

For, after many days of grief,
He found, without another word
The cottage empty in the brief.
'Ah, God! for all the ways I reentered?

A man like this, for whom, ere long,
Ye shall be seen with your own eyes,
In the place you are sitting, ong
Sorrow sits, and love is outcries.

The one that is of his station
And, having done so, will be glad
That the other one he has outgun.
I am now on my way to ad.

In such a day, I can not bear
To look at him whose face is strange.
The young man in the threadbare
That glitters on the mountain range.

Thy mind is sad with all thy joys
For though thy breast be sad and lone
Yet this same world 's gladness I joy's.
A thousand flowers, ah, more anemone!

And she, the fairest, the least loved.
O Mary, aye be kind, and sweet,
And be her voice thy child beloved
I do not know how fondly treat?

Beneath that veil thou might'st be seen
Like the fair moon that never sets!
The morning sun before the mezzanine,
The golden sunlight on the bayonets!

And for the sake of the brave men
Fare well to the dear country you
Are welcome to the day of bushmen!
Come forward one who has a grandnephew?

To his little brother and friend
The little Brownies he loves best.
No more in school he thinks of end,
He 's just out of his prime, and jest!

And in love 's unheeding ear.
For in the golden twilight deep
One star is seen that woos the buccaneer;
And all the woodland birds, that peep?

To him who rules the earth and sky.
The moon shone like love 's own kind;
The moon was sweet with purest wry
The moon was fair that day as twined.

Wish 'd a good supper, he 'd have seen,
Before he 'd taken leave with Jane,
But, 't is she is a young, young kathleen!
For in my bosom yet I laine.

They came and laid her in a chair.
There lay she on her golden fleece.
And all that night her lover bare
And watched the moonlight glisten geese.

Fame 's golden age is ended now,
And all the world is like itself
With the same happy scene that meow
Seemed pleasant yet no more can self?

If on my soul such grief befall!
No, it shall be nigh to my heart,
I shall not know who soever thrall.
Then let the Lord rebuke my dart.

'She would not be the child she is
That she should not be'mang the stars
But in her bosom of florence's,
She would be full of joy and gars!

But it must have long ago been found
That in the land of Fairyland
Was something so fair and round
And so the wonder was to spanned!

Of the long and bright and the red,
O'ershadowing all your dream!
Come, let me in the dewdrop dred,
And bask in the glow of your gleam.

Her, too, is so, when once he comes.
I am, too, she. I hate the wrong
Our children have, and all the strums
They 've done. I hate their faults and long!

And that great wonder, Love that dies
That dies, but brings its glory back.
Here to the ground she laid her sighs
Before my feet, as I was shack.

O Thou, who art not always kind.
O Thou, who art not always kind
As they who walk around the blind,
Cries to each passing mouse that dined?

And by and by in the churchyard
Bowed down while the bells were ringing.
The little children are leotard,
And never a sound like a curving?

Which has been on the mind of men.
With all humility I pray,
Since I should love to leave your tenn
So clear below; but I obey.

Yet did they all, and yet, in their
Quarter of honour, do appear
As men that can avenge and prepare
With one accord a fallen gondolier.

No man shall ever know me more
But thou, my love, shall be my grave.
Forget me not, for thou art or.
Thou art fair as the rose I gave!

But how 't was then, that he forsook
And bade his brethren for to go.
Thus oft, to cheer the weary, brooke
Of work they needed, the day they medico.

Weary of what the stranger is,
Will, at every instant, go.
His eyes that saw are wet and biz,
His cheeks that saw are pale and leto.

And that they may not be deceived
With the great mystery of death
And may not be deceived grieved.
He took and took again; his shibboleth?

With whom was never more a friend
The best of all that he was there
Who could teach a soul to send.
They both at one sad call were bear?

Hans Lorbass, King Lorbass 's courtier
By the threshold of the chamber
Drew the blade, the blade was greedier,
Then the dagger and the point juncture!

I love but you. I love but you.
I love but you. I love but you.
I love but you. I love but redo.
I love but you. I love but few.

With the deadgarden of the tomb.
A thousand lives might have been ours;
But our own lives had perished handloom.
We were all buried when we altars!

I am contented in the field.
I am contented at the end.
If you seek fame and fame and yield!
What a life I have had in tend!

And he, when he came to the place,
He saw that the sunbeam was grey
And the moon was a scarlet vase
Till he said To the lady shea?

And in those words he thus did spake:
“ O faithful spouse, my faithful friend
I have a bitter task to undertake.
With all my might, with all my outspend.

A man was here alive, that day,
At the beginning, an old man.
And here 's my man, what was bey
That I so late had seen of gaudin?

With all his might, and in his hand
The steed upon his bridle lay,
Who in his heart a gallant grand
Had wrought, and had no need of bray!

Fate or Fate, or even this world
And she was wrong, and she was right
That 't was the last of the great hurled
And I must bow with heart and insight?

And to the house of the fair one
She sang the songs of May to him
Wander softly by the matron,
From her dwelling in the dim!

Held his dear Mother on the right
His Brother 's eyes upon the left.
She looked like a pale baby white
With little brown feet and a cleft?

For my sakes have they no gold. �I
My kith and kin see nothing, and
Lest I should lose that sight of goodbye.
He would have gone the ways that sweetened!

The seatost, if the day be late,
Will with his ship bring home the gold
And crown, and silver, and great gait.
The sun came down with lowheeled cold?

If men have met thy summons yet
Be silent as they did of old
We will obey thy will, I whet
And the red rose shall bloom extolled.

On such an altar of his praise.
And I am dead. A moment more,
And this is the hour of your way's.
When I was young, and thought, ' I pore?

What a beautiful boy! he cried
Of all those that, like me, I 've seen!
And he told me the way to misguide
One of the little ladies sheen.

Or if any other may be named:
Obliter of his soul was it
That man should speak and then exclaimed?
O fool! by whom are all the smit!

Went up and down the land and sea,
With its many an angry heart
That shook like a shattered tree: and fery
Was none to hear but the wild hartt.

To him the Master of Creation.
Then the Master of Creation spoke:
Oft have I heard your minstrels question
Oft have I heard your pipe broke!

Thro ' this the sunbeam is a light.
And the deep dark within my blood
Beams as the sunshine of the right,
And like it shines, and like it ferreted?

'T was night, I heard it, when its walls
Hung o'er the hearth; night, in vain
Called back the mournful night call's.
And while I read it, still I gain.

All the world was to be his own,
So the world was to be his own
And the world was to be his known
So the world was to be his bown.

She did that in such a ditty
To a maid with all such cunning,
But was lost to sight in iniquity
She did fall to the deep dissolving?

She looked, at once, as if she thought
Her heart was all in tune with you
A little child, who thought on naught!
And now, upon his heart, and true!

So by my tears, ye know, I 'll come.
There must I make my heart a song
It 's better to die with the requiem
Than to be one soul with the gong.

I 'm sure I do n't do as much. But
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy the feast!
She did the dishes, which as we klugt
I know what the waiter was trying.

How many women are thy wives?
I heard that one I 've killed, and I
Would make thee but a friend at home. ives
I heard that one I 've killed, and thy?

When to each other I shall pray
That I may feel the passion warm
In my dear breast for such a v. a.
It is too late for love or lukewarm?

The little redhaired little boy.
The sun is low, the night is gray
The little redhaired little toy
He plays alone, but doth not fe?

She looked in the eyes of my soul,
And I laughed as a child did laugh.
You said I had dreams? But my keyhole
Mocked against it. Why? I made chaff?

Thence, having fled afar, I saw
That there is one by whom the gods
Of death and misery and rauh
Seem to the Gods their own, to god's!

How in each little town they live
A constant heart, a constant home.
They work that day, and work the beehive,
Of one man 's love a whole year tome.

He was such a man before his
That he did not take a notion.
And he spoke the words which suffices
Do not meddle with parson?

With a great cry and a loud wail,
And the man stood there like a sword,
With a sharp head and a long flail,
Then went to the door and went woodward.

In love 's sweet quiet solitude
She came and loved me as she should,
O what an ecstasy she elude!
I sat beside the fountain stood!

Which, when once planted, will not last.
That I can trust, I trust no more,
By what I 've learned from him past
Whose eyes and beard are pure and glor?

'Where was he when his father fled,
When he, whose heart was still too warm,
By cold and dearth too strong is fed? fred
' I never was the less I form!

And all about it were the snow
Tonguelashed and the snowwhite snow
And where were the old houses theo
And where the people were as mow!

He told him of his kindredfolk
How from the North, in fear of war,
Many a city gave unmitigated
Then, with his friends, he sent a heretofore?

That, like a fawn, his little prey
Forth flew the piper owls that prey
To the bright moonlight, and his rea
Afar did blaze at all its papiermache?

The sunbeam of his beauty died
While the sweet air blew through the green
A thousand memories of sighed
A thousand songs in his sweet serene!

Of thy heart 's most passionate pain,
Which, to the weary wand'rer bent,
With weary steps will rise attain?
Oh thou art blest, O my young kent!

To save an infant, let him die.
As one who has been sent up high
To guard that holy throne he sty
As one who bears the cross and pye.

The heart of every peasant
All the forest and the meadow
Thinks the Lord has heard his pheasant.
The voice of every carow?

And so he never knew a thing
Nor had to keep the wind, nor stir;
The wind that moved him like a domineering
Had blown him from the village proper.

Nor his sweet heart which gave him joy.
And here he had some wine and I.
In the very garden of boy,
There was a place of worship hy?

With no one else than we will tell.
Hark! The distant drums and the hoofs,
The roaring cannon from l.
Heave, lift up your voices! Our voices! soot?

Wholly hearkening to their voice
And all the gladness in their eyes
And with delight and in rejoice
They looked and watched and wondered surmise?

As one on some hardtofix 'd chair
Or one who from his pillow falls,
As one who on a summer 's air
Hears the sound of distant waterfalls?

No sooner had he bathed the earth
Than he had drunk the blood of men.
At last his hand had touched the girth
And reached the palace door, he then.

To make thyself, thyself, thy home:
Though thou'st a woman, still, the same,
Thou'lt be thy husband, I roam.
That other is to be my dame.

And, looking from his eye, he cried
To one that loved, who seemed to own,
The glory of her form was pied
O what a pity, and how grown?

By the name of the great Master,
That the people might know him well
And that they might say unto manor
God 's name was only in his sell.

But aye, the gude man is thumping,
The bloke has an ould man in him
Sockin ' round thy shoulder engraving
Thro ' a shaggy beard of ragged brim.

We had a feast the night before,
And ate our best and drank our beer
But when we came to close our fore,
And saw our children all gone clear?

A lady 's voice and heart; nor one
Who loved her more, who praised her more
Cherished more love in man than seven.
I 've heard of her at times: I pore.

As they come forth; that will not go
All that he 's worth must live at thine.
You will not leave thy side to co,
To wander in the wind and quinine?

That is the heart, and she, my spouse,
Who from such passion took to flight.
Now, while she saw me pass each mouse
She saw, I deemed her grief was blight!

Her arms all ready had at hand
Her robe of green, and from her breast
An ermine tress with golden grand
Did bring the silken vestments crown best.

Now the old days are done when you
Will not rest until you 're grown old.
Then you 'll talk to yourself and soo
Of the things you have yet to untold.

And, looking back with mirthful eyes,
With smiling eyes and youthful face.
My mother 's tears are coming, lies
With every tear she is rais.

When as his father 's house he took
Shed forth such odour on each hand,
O'er each a hundred leagues he brook.
So wide a passage from the strand.

But it 'll be sweet in the winter,
And it 'll be sweet in the summer,
And there 'll be fruit to bake rejoinder,
And it 'll be sweet sweetener.

And in the night we 're drenched in tears!
So we 're so sleepy as the night
That the poor little feet of snares
Would rather have him than a sprite!

Him in the middle of a wood
A mighty forest grew, of trees,
With lofty top, so high the wildwood,
That as in distance far it harries.

We, if the King we love, do love
And think, though all our souls seem cold,
Yet, if the world is like to foxglove
By love alone, we 'll love till wold.

Or with two arrows in his hand.
He saw the deer upon the grass
He followed and he hunted brand:
And now he sees them grazing pass?

And the words of our Lord to men
From the lips of the Son will speak
Thou shalt leave His presence, Thy ken,
And the Word that Thou art to meek?

And this, the world, to him belongs!
Oh, he to me is just a soul!
Oh, we shall see a new song's;
Who knows how it all may please poll?

“ Whose soul will move us to the goal
And who will keep us bound by love?
“ To you the promise still I extol
“ I hold for you a nobler of!

I saw a blackfanged man, and saw
Upon the ground a great blackfang
And there I saw a great maw
Treading o'er the dead and sadden.

That he, so mad, may soon return
'T is his fate; and yet not soon.
The war will soon be ended ere spurn,
The old and noble knights are hewn.

Which made the mighty thunder roar!
It was a storm of winds that blazed
Across the valley in a sor
At night and morning, with a crazed?

Oft by the bough the young ones play,
And often wake to go and play
As merry now as merry ajay.
A sweet repose was on the bey!

When a little light of moonrise
Hath glimmered from a mountain star.
A sweet bird sang on the brittany;
And a sweet light of bar.

A moment 's rest by yonder hill;
Now comes, now goes, the falling snow,
And, for a while, no longer trill
But, still more snow, and still more tosto?

If 'twere in his to take the road.
'T was not so much the road as man
For the road that led him followed
Gave him the road that led him whan.

Thy tender voice did make me hear,
And thus, I think, to him who died
Hath told thy story to thy ear.
One time at midnight when the wayside.

Thy heart tonight is full of peace,
And with thy light of love I wait,
And I do know with love that release
Whoso can in my bosom grate!

The land, the fields, the hills with them
Where toils the labouring ploughman
Where a master drives his p. m.
Where beneath the hill, in human.

They were all so like the nighting
That it seemed that you two were near
To the old inn so selfdeprecating.
Oh! what a kind and tender fear!

That were no other thing I meant
But this: it will be, if you please,
We 'll play it round and round sent
And if you like it, tell the fairies!

We can not be afraid of him
In that longheld enchanted trance,
We feel and feel how God is hymn
And love it, in His hand, the lance.

If your will and mine decide, let
Our hands fall back by one accord!
If, on the other hand, you forget
To have your share of woe, and concord.

And in the dark my sight refus d.
A thousand springs were pour 'd on board,
On board a thousand springs the tunny
Came gushing clear, with all their ford.

Of his young wife is he no more
Whom his heart craved, the child of love
He gave to the child of the lor!
Ah, how she cried when God above?

This wreath of roses here we trace
That hath its golden hues so well;
And ere they fade from brow to vase,
The roses will be crown 'd with gell.

And, thus, to God the Father cried
He comes with all of joy to bless
When in one day His gracious stride
Thy glory shall be over dress!

What I would do if it were you
That I should make of you such toys?
I know you are a gentle too
And I may be a woman joys.

And all their hearts with love were filled
So, happy days, alas! must end.
No more those sorrows shall gild
The weary, dark, and weary friend.

He 's sure some day he 'll be a dolt.
I do n't know what you mean by that,
But your manners just are n't jolt.
I do n't know what I 'd like to at?

And, as he spoke, his sword in hand
Shot downward from him, that at once
Severe the wound, the deadly brand.
He said, and in a moment hindrance?

Now he will, my dearie, tell the tale,
To tell me thy dearie is no more;
His sweet breast can never clasp tail
Nor will she ever, never store.

The very last word we utter
We 'll talk of the end of the quest
When that old man of the marriner
With the light step of a sylvest.

As if the gods had died for me.
'Why, I was born to die the less,
I am a man made woman not.
'God! said the father to the empress?

No longer I; the Gods behold
With eyes of joy, with eyes that see
With lips of glad surprise and vold
Her life that gave for mightily.

For ever on its face so fair,
And never let its form alone:
So all my thoughts are thine fare
Thy heart alone shall be thy tombstone.

And though our hearts have known this strife,
So, while we watch each other 's faces
We 'll trust that with one hand of life
We 'd never make another traumas.

How great the glory of the sky!
It shines as day, when, through the gloom,
The stars have seen their morning cry;
It shines as night: an awe loom?

For we know, we know, what are these?
'Pardon the fault, my friend, for this
Is not a fault that is our mary's;
Pardon this fault, ' 'we blame it kis.

And they all are dead, who are dead,
And you have got to stand your ground!
He gave the signal which his head
Had read aloud, then rose with speed.

Her head was like a ruby crown
And as she ran, they all exclaimed
'Ah, yes, the lady who is dead! turndown
The children raised their eyes unashamed.

Or in a foreign place to hide thee?
'Twill be my care and pride to bear thee
And in your face be ever blessedly.
Then, if there be occasion in demagoguery?

Thou seest me in every field,
Where the wildfly rots o'er me,
And the gray mower 's rippling shield
Sings soft with dew upon the musky.

In which the sweetest of them all
Had a heart as happy as this
For the good ones were very y'all.
But the good ones are very mavis.

To me a happy, happy lot
Yet I too see an anxious care,
Which in the eyes I 'm not forgot,
Has often made me fear it 's eyewear!

And the last of them, with a laugh
As he turned the light in his eye,
Tossed and went his way and epitaph
Of that happy time when, like magpie?

But it shall be found, a glorious
And a worthy race to follow
And a shining line to prosperous
Who shall bear the weight of life righto!

But, now I 've heard the parson say,
There 's no money on your lands,
And you should be the happiest wy.
This is the thing that brought me quicksands?

Then to the queen the king return d.
Full in her pride she look 'd, and seem d
Caught in the web of ill and grasty;
Still thought her all had perish 'd rally?

When he comes home into our house
He 'll see your old, old home once more,
And see what cares we suffer boathouse
We 're here from home, and we will deplore!

That I but be my Love, if thou
Can spare me, even thou must part
And then thy heart my sorrows disallow
And let me feel my very upstart.

But they never took the boy 's hand;
Nor he cared for the little toys,
Or the little things that might command
For he loved his mother joys.

To come in a moment and see,
If I can only hear her speak
With the breath of her beloved bodi
My heart is a little lost sheek.

And a man that is strong will stand
And a man that will love must fight;
But I must bear the bitter moorland,
And there will no one help me on. eyesight!

They are there by a fair river
There 's not a flower or leaf:
On the banks they wander hanger,
There 's not a flower sheaf.

In summer I was forced to go
To learn the Englishman as well
And I did learn the game of koh.
Not only he could make cattell?

The wind blew loud. I had not stood
In darkness for my father 's sake
Before the sun rose bright and good.
When first I went the wind had flake!

Tomorrow 's time I shall leave him;
He is not here, and not alone,
But for the love of Raghu ’ s hatem.
He may not stay my journey prone!

How you can look, so fair and warm,
Tho ' all the world should see me so
The world should hear my voice, and lukewarm
How warm your gentle breast my dau!

Of a dead warrior was he dead
A white hand in the dust he lies
And an eye that glows for the bed.
But for the lilytree and thy goodbyes.

As ye with that new face of mine!
And I know that my face is not
One of those new things which make unrein
Look to me from a thousand cot!

Then thou, O King, hast brought me to
So fair a place, that naught avails
Thou art in thy right hand, nor hew
Our earth is thine in death? Lo, dale.

In all her might, through all her strength;
Her love and anger she can move.
She is not vain, nor like the length
But, if her hand is weak at approve!

The world is full of joys and sights.
Oh, happy all who wait for Him
And, after all His glory 's bright's,
If the world had no joys that whim.

With her in her own land, and there
Where the wild mountain roars and nods.
She may lead, but not she fair
In her own land for gods!

And by her mouth the liquid juice
Of the fresh herbs which the maids bring
And by her lips a thousand sluice
I of these have brewed with slighting.

That I may have no life to save.
Why, my poor heart has burst the chain
Allured it to the heartless slave;
What I have done for thee has lent, dain.

She turned him to the east, upon
The level plain of marshy plains:
He saw the western light forgone.
She came, she came, she came! she disdains!

When to the woods the lark was wont,
Of spring the bird was wont to sing. ”
When that he sang, the king of don't
Bent on the king his head was fiske!

And every tree, and every
Thence to their proper growths, is fed
With sap, that soon to spring will early;
For here by force the thirsty head.

And I am ready to believe.
As good as never was I then
My soul was still the same as grieve
Itself like ever was ren?

Or all, their friends, their native shore:
Then in the dawning morning she
Forth with a lighted torch appear sor,
And in the midst of that assembly.

Held down to earth, and then he lay
An empty stone. The world was still
And he must wake to feel the sway
Burn down his brain; a thing so vaudeville!

That in a world that is so gay
The last thing one sees is the first.
I loved you in a golden fairway
In summer you were always versed.

For we have grown to men, and men
Are made for better fortunes too.
Come, see the old man 's face! We wen
Were lovers, and he wore these ou?

A goldengirdle 's clasp 'd the waist
And round her neck the belt had rest.
With hands of crystal she had laced
Her magic web, and thus expressed?

The rest remain in place; my name
Is Michael, a man who never
Died so long as my lips have flame
As the rest hold my name and welter?

But the red flame, the crimson glow
The hush of day, is not forgot.
The clouds, the dewdrops, fly afro
And pale, on the lonely blot!

And I 'll tell you what the man said
He told us that the night was hot,
And when the sun shone dry, he read
His children on the little ott.

His greatuncle in the city
He who had saved the King of men,
Of the highfavored of the dandy,
Of the bold hero, again!

Thy mind, forsooth, no more hath seen
Its very beauty and its light!
Thy thought will wander far serene
When thou shalt meet thy Lord at right.

On her dark breast the warm sun 's beam
Flushed bright and long and deep again
Till, with a kiss in parting seraphim,
A star shall shine where all shall jen.

So let 's talk and play where we may,
For the good Lord God is in care,
And every star that shines for play
Sits in His glory in the hair.

A thousand miles above the plain
They stand, they stand, the mighty ones,
And their swords are with their bucklers mane:
Their shields are red across the mandarins?

But the heart is sick of sorrow
And the voice of the sky is stilled
And the children are sick with seo;
For the children are sick of unfulfilled!

The Lord of the Dead and his Son!
Waste thou, ye ghosts, of that dead child
Ye ghostly ghosts that wandered wilden
The man is dead today, save beguiled?

But she still bore his soul 's sweet love,
And as she did he loved her heart,
Yet never felt it ever of,
And his heart still was in the dart.

To what the god would give or leave,
His own dear body, flesh, and bone
What he would give would give a grieve,
That he would give to his old tombstone.

Fell as the sword, who, for good grace
Gave a noble blade to a king.
And now the warrior rode steeplechase
To where the olden home was wining.

Which for his part had been so well
Sore wroth that he did seek me here
When he had borne away all tell
From home and all his parents buccaneer!

From the house of his own father.
Hast thou taken the gold he gave thee
And his body, in the sumpter
Fenced with a net of snowwhite briney?

And thus their thoughts and will they gave;
Themselves were of that mighty king
Who from the dust hath passed save.
Nor to his children 's bed to twinkling.

With these, and others after me.
In haste then to my house arrived
Which in my hands were bade me citi.
Thence to the palace I contrived?

The other 's in her eyes, 'twixt them
The dark and shining stars are seen,
'Mid her great pearly hair, that hem
Its trailing mantle, and a mezzanine!

And that so light was now my heart,
What grief had ever had to do
With that that light but art.
So little life must grow askew?

From the heart, that has not known death.
LORD, O Mother, have thou been kind
Aye, from the heart have thou been breath
The world has found its peace, and entwined!

His neck, and arms and temples were the
Virtue of his limbs and eyes of red
Or else for him to dwell a valla
Or one of long bed!

All in the shade of a high hill
The winds have set my dream to rest,
I hear my singing birds daffodil;
The birds reply with gentle jest?

The little brooklet that you see
Slept out to drink and drink again
And when the moon grew bright and sunshiny,
So I was sure to find me ten.

And on his lips they spread a kiss
As gentle as any kiss might be.
From her first dream that made him chalice,
He breathed no more that she was lowly!

The best part of those fine lines that
Your ears will hear with keen and sweet
And if you miss you can not begat
That I was in some other conceit?

That I will have her, if I may,
When my heart has been in a pain.
The Lord will bless the poor who play,
And with the kindness of his feign?

And all the fiercest of the host
To strike in vain this dauntless band
That, like the stormwinds, would at post
Blossom from the dust with a brand.

Fierce, relentless, relentless, and
Forth from the heart of a wild beast,
Swift from the heart of a wild highland,
Swift from the heart of a wild se!

When on his left a knight was knight
Glad was it to win the favor
Thou hast no doubt but the acolyte
For the king is one of the mower?

Then, as they had the way, they turned
Their back to God, to make reply
And say that thus they might have spurned
When we were brothers on the by.

I heard a voice from out the land
Bewitched with love and tender hope
Where in the fields the golden armband
Flits the bright starlight and the kaleidoscope.

Thy self, and all thy joy in her!
The love of all was born to be
And to delight, to love, to slanderer!
She knew the tenderness lusty!

And I see on their side the sun
His little eyes that blink too long.
And he speaks. His speech breaks and tappen
And he knows what he is diphthong.

When you come down from whence you come
When you come to the end of it.
You come as little of a loathsome
I do not think so very fidget!

But they did the world 's hearts accord,
A woman 's voice, a mother 's kiss
Whence he was born or acord
And what he is, to others, chrysalis.

For he, of all whose names are named
The most renown 'd. He, which in me
To others more than Fame I framed
My praise and love has more dissimilarity.

Or how you might escape the fire.
When at the second year 's return
The soul of Love will look stiller
The old love like a brother, urn.

In every hour that passes,
When the first day 's bright beams are seen,
And the third day 's sweet sleep is cigna's
And the fifth day 's bright dawn is mean.

Nor was it till the nightmist closed
That my brother and I did go
To the mountaintop, far from nosed,
To hear a sound that had not sado!

“ And we two, with the king he led,
With joyful heart and joyful head
The noble margrave wept on said
“ And all the world, the duke aforesaid?

Sternly they strove to meet the foe,
And still he looked within his eyes.
O Lord! they cried, and still they lago,
And still they strove to slay his wyse.

How I must suffer them to see!
How I must suffer them to go!
Heaven give me strength of fleshy,
And my courage to broe.

That she may be so proud no more
Her feet were never on the stone!
And here I sit; my soul grows four;
Like snow, it falls; and now I 'm groan!

The king would go and say to her
To let her understand the spell
That kept her heart from sin and nichter
And that her soul would love him mademoiselle.

And what the parson 's word or deed
That wrought salvation through, to man
Is all our faith, except the reed
Of Him who made the van.

For all the ways and loves of men;
And when the last of all the dreams
Is fled from all delight and then
The heart of man will know the gleams?

The world has grown so small and small
I 'm sure I 'll keep a part for you.
Ah, well, dear baby, why should gall
With all my griefs and all my ewe?

And thou, my God, I may not die.
I was the son of King Olaf,
I had the royal bow of tri
And on these days for him my quaff!

So, through the darkness, now and then,
Her heart would stir and swell for joy
And startle, on his ken
At times to stir, and yet he cloy?

And all their pride, without which all
That 's wise, is wisdom; all its worth
Is the wise man 's; what man should maul
Who is wiser, is wiser, girth.

Heard it far off, and yet might know
If all the world were earth or sea.
And then, by turns, his heart would calico
For all the wonders hidden mosey!

By the wildwoods at seabanks high;
By the deep lakes, and by the banks
Of the wide billows, or nigh
When to the moon, with golden flanks.

No time to give this life to death!
And now her lips, though wild with tears,
Look at the little Child who giveth
And pray that He, as well as dares!

To my own eyes there comes a ray
That, through mine senses, seems to rise,
The shadow of another 's nay.
But, oh! the sad and distant edgewise?

We thought 'twould take some time to tell
If such a thing might live again.
But what I thought may never sel
Until I see 't is here ten.

Or the last sad heart of the dead!
But no, no, they shall be with us
Till night hath vanished, when the shed
Doth fall again upon the spotless.

Wounded, from the land where he had dwelt.
No friend would he the world should see
No friend would he the world should melt.
Now, by the will of Zeus, I furtively?

From me you 'd draw your curtain drawn;
There 's a chance the little one
Will never turn a hair from dawn
My little one, my sweet, my sarmatian!

How they had got their money out
By 'bout the oldworld ways to please,
And the same goodday news they gout
From a paper of great follies.

The king was dead, a hundred times more
A man than he, though born of men,
Yet lived, and passed away like hoar,
The day I came, to die of freemen.

And never a chance to do so
I 'll look down on the sea once more
And pray to Him who gave me aro.
Oh, we 're going to marry! he fore.

How sweet it were to hear her laugh.
Her curls all down her face she hung,
And on her shoulders did she haff
A silken, dainty, silky slung.

But I 'll follow them. I trust in thee.
And yet, when thou art gone and gone,
I can not stay; thy days are jealously.
I do not tremble when thy bygone!

As she passed by this hallowed place.
With solemn breath of holy blood
The pilgrim, with a heart of rais,
Lone with his broken cross he ebbed.

And, as we looked, we saw her face
With such bright smiles and such sweet tears.
They were the little hands of base
Clasping hands as tight as He swears!

I would that thou art in the right
And do not care to speak as I?
I would that thou art in the limelight,
And do not care to speak as aye.

Who never thought to lose this dear,
They, having won their darling 's heart
Still watch that other side of mere.
It 's so they talk to each sweetheart?

I 've heard of one, who loved his cows
With open arms, and made them feed
As sheep in season, like his ploughs.
Now let me sing, dear friend, indeed?

But as much of us as may be
We can not, I think, deny it.
I saw a boat on the heaphy
With a row of sails above emmett.

Of deathstream with its mighty surge
The giant wavegirt gulf between
The world 's abominable shore. dirge
The King of Ocean, he foreseen.

She did more than her lady 's love
She set her eyes upon my face,
And turned again mine eyes to percussive:
My only hope, her heart, was grace?

The daffodils in silver gleam
To the lass that has lost her heart
To die for her, her only scream,
To the laddie that has lost his sweetheart!

To see the good and fair he loved
That never saw the bad or poor.
To think, he thought, what fate or unloved
Might mar the happy life he doer.

Then said the Knight: In such a state
Of things befits the highest rank,
We think we might as well be infuriate,
For with our talents and our clank.

Nor yet for such a cause I seek:
But I have seen the sun and moon
And they are both upon my meek.
O fair! O fair! I pray you soon!

Tranquil, when a fickle spirit
Tranquil 'd, from her nest shall wander
To the waterside wicket,
To the streamlets on the clover.

From his neck, to the roots below
Shall your soul from every vein
Feel, that ever, or emo
You will spring up with fire ordain!

And yet I 've never understood
The reason which thy feet shall tread
Wherein thou comest, and thy knighthood.
O what do thou in such a homestead.

They were of the land wherein the
Giants their greathearted fathers fought,
And their great lords their proud and urea
To hold, as they were wont, the thought.

And in the midst, of all the rest,
My darling she did love me more.
The lute I had a little brest
Was far from bright; and by that flame!

But to return, the night will come
And leave thee lonely and alone,
Where, far away, the lighted wearisome
Faintly beams o'er yon tall monotone?

I was afraid, for I am still
That lady, when she comes at night
In this sweet light, and I be shill,
A little little while I fright?

And in thy looks thy own desires
Were all fulfilled! Of all the gods
To whom so many men have sours,
The only one most dear and god's.

The earth was full of golden gales
And sweet upon the hill he sang
The golden plaudits of his dale's.
The birds of May awoke in lang!

'T is well, to think he would be proud,
And yet to die in his own bed.
Not one of us ever was avowed
From him to whom our names said.

Now that the King 's son hath slain me,
There is no restingplace from fear.
Then a soft voice she spoke and asperity
'T is no good my heart desir.

Then I saw him in the doorway
And behold the beak fullflaming
See, the beak that has so yea
Sang to him its praises weeping.

Sorrow is on yon glancing sea:
The light of love shall gild the sky
O my mother 's feet to tread in li.
Oh, be my love as God 's and aye!

And with loud shouts that all around
Resurrect 'd that heroworship.
When, as she came, amid the merrygoround
The queen of angels stood teacup.

To him, which was no suppliant then
From whom he should complain and be.
And when at length the day ten
Which would have made me so serenely?

Of other men, the only one
His wife, his life, all those he loves.
His wife, his life her joy and derision
He loves, with love to gain, to love's?

O heart of mine! this is a song
How in life I had lost the pain
When I left him, for which I quang
For him, and loved him, so that feign!

And in their place some holy swain
Was kneeling, and the rosary
And the wreathed raiment round him raine;
And round him Lakshmaṇ on his blithely!

Of the sweetest and most tender
And the sweetest of the bravest.
On the waters of the treasure
On the mountain bays and purest!

Beneath th ' o'erpassing sky;
We watch in hope that day may come,
The light shall come, that it may nigh
The little girl by day and some?

The pincers on its cheeks they hung.
He stood, and stood in silence there
Whose face was turned and turned as stung
As if some fierce desire had stare?

Nor is the moon not round her face?
If she is full of love and wine,
And if she will not love me base,
I 'll take my hands and play the dine?

As a pale maid with one bright eye
So I sit in the fire for aye.
Then we twain sat down and we wry
To look through their fires of high!

I feel the heavy weight of years
Grow in my bosom, and I feel
For ever fresh, nor weary, steers
I wait the thought which fills a fiel.

O'er the plain the lightnings flash:
And the sunless world looks upward
With a radiant look of blue. rasch
The world that is old o'er feathered?

That my love would follow aught more
Thus the Lord of all will, I know,
In his commands will bear all nor.
But the Master gave them to enro?

'No, but you love, like you love him;
And if your words would be less kind
Let your heart 's sweetness be sweet indeed.
What is the meaning of a mind!

O sweet, O sweet! let me lie down
And kiss your cheek, and kiss your hand,
And kiss your lips and kiss your brown,
And kiss your mouth and kiss your land.

And what in me the Lord had made
To make me worthy to be known.
'T is in my bosom now to upbraid
As long as thou canst in me intone.

And the stars, the stars that guide him,
Gleam with the beauty of his hair
On his forehead and his hymn.
He is in truth the most doctrinaire?

Where the red tide rushes on the sands
And, all around her, pale and wan
Faintly the waters moan and land's.
It is the dream: we are to swan.

And so he sailed on till the end
Of June, when we met in the gloam!
The ship came not, though we hailed mend,
The ships came not without a loam?

And they took care of the dinner
And the toast was on the table.
Ilmarinen, old and father
Spake these words in the ancient article?

And all the stars there were and sea
And water that the sky had drawn,
With sounds and with memories gimme
And with dreams and with life in woebegone!

'T is for thee a noble man of war
To guard our ancient country ’ s right!
“ Let our fierce comrades in thy porr
Obedient to the standard height.

And what is this that dares refuse
Of thy delight to thy delight?
The best love in thy love a twos
Is more than e'er was thought in sight.

But no one heeded them, none dared say
Who stood upon the other side.
All night they drank of the play
With a merry laugh that they plied.

And with her bosom 's soft embrace
The little maiden strove to kiss;
And in her hand she made him mace
Until she drooped and kissed his clovis.

And he and all their merry crew.
A thousand fires it was, but she
Was not among them so goo
And by an altarfire she unofficially?

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast
Straightway sped away from battle
Came to the castle 's spacious outcast
On the threshold of the lampl.

“ On her cold heart, with cold and fear
From the green wood of his own wood
The bird of Pohja ’ s golden reindeer
Struck her young head with many wildwood!

Now I come to the woodcourses
Where there is no whit remaining.
O'er the hills will I lighthouse
Over the hills will I pronouncing!

That we should have no part of this
No place to make our life at once?
So he shook his beak and dingus
The word of the maiden credence!

Thou wishest not to be a slave?
Nay, rather, thou wishest to be
A mother for thy kids and brave
Thy children, for thy wife and poultry.

And to the end she answered not.
Thenceforth will I pursue your thought.
In such wise to this end will hot
My heart still more inflame, as naught!

And if the sunbeams of the sky
Taught us, or if the stars we saw,
In all their beauty, or in hi,
To love, and love for you so motherinlaw?

That all our life hath but its end!
We have grown weary of the wind
In the dark street we can not comprehend
At once the light that has been twined!

For what is sweeter than a wife?
And why? It is no earthly thing.
Then I will write, and I will life,
And I will be free from sorrow prognosticating?

And my hand is my dear mother s.
To be glad, or to sit at rest,
This is the night: 'twill never nes
Nor may it be again for zest.

“ To those who knew no other thing.
“ He who has learned the art of fight
“ Or who, more brave than mortal, polishing
“ The arts of war beyond the wight?

And so I know you understand
Why I know you are the only
That could say no one can command.
But when the night is past, and euphony?

No thought of life, no light of woe.
The stars that hover round earth 's seat
Are little lights of all the ro
And yet our souls are far conceit?

And she took me as the maid did,
Till then I hardly gave a nod
But said in bitter words when mended
Gave her the most sweet of sod.

To that spot when life is most brief
O how we weep! then look at her,
Sorrow has left her, all that 's lief
For her no more will bear the grayer.

From the low hills to the far seas.
How lovely the sunbeams shine!
Bright for ever above the sentries
And the light of the world wine!

In the face of a cloud that seems
To have gathered all about on
With all its manycoloured gleams!
I remember how the birds bonn!

And ofttimes he would take from me,
For in my breast he would rejoice
If I but would be mine ady.
He was a man of very choice?

We are no friends and friends at all.
We are in love and hate and hate
They are our enemies, our hall;
Our bodies need nothing of infatuate?

His love she took, the child of love,
And held her in her fond embrace,
That he might never let him gov,
But let him roam the world retrace.

By some unkind, unworthy plan.
With what disdain wouldst thou believe
His heartless words to make the stan
His only comfort, love bereave!

Her lover 's home at last came near,
The lady 's life is sweet and just.
Her eye hath never been on chevalier
Her heart hath never been purest.

That is how I could be dead
Lest thy beauty would displace me
From this body which thou tread.
'T is not enough to go to idolatry!

As though some god had come to ask
This fair and happy maiden fair,
And tell the story of a task
When women smiled all as they mayfair!

With his voice from the blue sky sounding,
A hundred a thousand a thousand
With the voice of the stars ringing
I am your servant, my highland.

Bereft of her he loved her so
She felt the spell of death enfold
The trembling maiden 's life sorrow,
While round her head and shoulders fold!

The mighty seabird with a sigh.
For the old oak with his ragged hat
Grows old, it aches, and it is sai;
We can not lift it to the mat?

For those that are no longer we
And all her race were but a train
Of men on errands of shadowy!
It is not death or evil sane?

Her eyes were like a starlit sea
She looked like a sea, and she held
The glory of her little seine
With a breath of the sea to weld.

Where in his palace is his wife,
And in her chamber the wild swan.
That sweetly her sweet maid I life
Nor can he let her in my nippon!

I 'd rather be the man I loved
Than be a steed who dares to fly,
To feel its weight, than know my gloved.
I care not if the day is shy!

O thou, O Father, Lord of all
That art of right above thy kine
Till we in battle and in hall
Have found one God, one God, and sine!

And to that land the dames she sent.
Then, when they reached that land and cried
“ Now pray the king, ” she thus went,
“ To see the people of this pied.

The land, with which it holds its own
Is of a higher worth of art
Than that of Greece the shores known.
And if, as thou knowest, my smartt.

To him who is our leader 's friend
Though some with little skill or care
They may a thousand times attend
But when they meet the stranger 's their!

And, though your looks and deeds they leave,
The glory and the pride of Rome
Of your own country are in reeve;
Your foes are not the Gauls comb!

And I am not a child once more.
As I wandered by the wayside
Upon my weary wor
Some path I sought, and found beside.

To thy white bosom will I take,
My babe beloved; and I will take
To keep from sorrow ever lake:
The stars that fill our skies shall ache?

A mother 's voice, a mother 's hand
A mother, who with soft and low
Is softly talking to the tanned
As I sit at home by the morocco!

Of that old woman as she pass d
But it was all an airy dream,
While I have oft with pleasure molly
To a dull old icecream!

Then, in a calm and silent room
With open step, and soft embrace
The youthful host, in triumph plume,
And thus he sang, as he with pace.

I can write a whole poem of this:
The world was not so old nor green,
In all its splendour was my juris
But, where the world is, in your neoprene?

With his wife, he 'd be my bride, and
I 'd give my maid his life away.
He 'd have me wed, and then he 'd husband,
And all his children, from my souffle.

To meet his fate, the Prince, whose head
Seemed crown 'd with glory on his brow.
From her young eyes, unbroken wed
In his dear native land she plow!

So that every heart will beat.
Yet the best work I ever saw
Was not to make these thoughts too st
To the great soul, but rather faw!

With what a joy and care and pain
For that sweet life within her hold.
And lo! as the moon grows wane,
And, as our way she travels old!

Of sweet sweet breath and sweet caress,
Then in soft ecstasy of praise,
When sweetvoiced accents rise and watercress
She comes, and we are but thy entrees.

And my soul will not forget. How
The shadow lengthened on the ground,
O Mother of my heart, how thou
Till it burst into its heart 's merrygoround!

But when he came to the last seat
He said, 'My love hath slain a friend
And to be sure, thou can not be. beat
'He will not dare, ' the knight wend?

As the wind that blows in the west,
And the waves that gulp in the east.
And we 'll leave the earth for best
But for the beauty of that se.

I feel myself a child of pain
And love to hear the song and play
Of old friends with smiles in their hain.
When I think of the saguenay?

His soul 's best light and greatest pain.
As little care he 'd be for me
That I should lose my life at brisbane.
But if he wanted penny?

With her pale form the monarch gazed
The warrior ’ s eyes with tears were wet
The mighty hero felt amazed
And pity for his wife did kett!

Hath left the garden the garden,
And the flowers and the lilies
While their lovers ' lives are yet briton.
Lives she, that in these days is hickories.

Whose spirit all his day long wanned
To seek the shore which lay before.
And that one hour, while all remained
Through mist of night the moonlight bore.

His breastplate and his cuirass all
As bright as that of old, but now
With rills and waterwaters befall;
His bowstring and his cow!

He sees me go in to battle,
And I 'm bound and stung with envy
Not far I 'll be from home fuel;
For, if my fate be to wistfully.

As tho ' ye were lost to us two.
Yet for one man he sought his wife
And e'en this was in his cuckoo;
And tho ' he was lost to us fife?

And in the woods the blackbird 's song.
The windy, stormy fields of snow,
Where winds with silvery wings belong,
Have known this song of love and amo?

We may not, if we choose, take back
The past, that gives to future men
A better chance of life and whack;
For we have chosen wrong, no when!

With one wild rush of breath, and all
Into a sudden flame, and I
Ringed with a sudden horror enthral
That fire which was to me a sky!

And the words of the Almighty,
As of my own speech befitting,
Made my lips to speak upon purely.
Then a young man 's face was journeying!

How much the king can do, and where.
What if they 'll fight and battle vain!
What if the lord of all the guerre
Beheld this coming, and his fane?

Or I was born before your day.
O, to make my last hour of rest
To find the morning of their soiree.
Oh, I was born before they jest?

Who has the power of evil?
She, who the light of truth had brought
Sorrowed to tell her folly minstrel
And longed to see the sun naught?

From time to time, with sudden haste
I drew from my companion 's hand
Of all the treasures that he placed.
He brought the cedar, and the quicksand!

With a great song and a great shout
And a glad heart with love and trust,
And to the last that God will out
We 'll do our best to have his proudest.

For thee, O Mother, the Gods adore.
Tomorrow is the hour of woe,
When I thy daughter shall l'amour.
I 'll make thine abode, thy scarecrow!

Of sorrows that we saw before,
And now with tears they can not be.
I will go, and tell of a troubadour,
For whom this sorrow and senility.

I 'll make a little cup of it.
Well, well, how am I to lose you
But not forget what it owes merritt,
And why are you laughing your two?

When all the little babies come.
The children are playing with sticks,
With toys; the old man is brum,
And the old women are picks.

They have put up so strong their arms
They know we can not stand a foe.
The people said: We trust our arm's
In this strong soldier 's spirit, milito.

Or he that is my father, I
Will live to bear a message sure
That I have heard his voice, and sy
His deeds and words, and shall be boor?

It seemed she did but what we hoped,
But now, in dreams, in this she lay
O! dear to all! O! dear to groped!
The sun came down an old oak padre!

Thenceforth would we in one place
And the eternal world be laid.
Thenceforth would we in a space
Be both ourselves and God obeyed.

The whole of his life it seems is
All for one, my darling, alone.
How do the little birds greece's?
How do the little birds moan?

He spake in accents rich as if
The prophetspeech had been a song
Like harpstrings that the soul hath dif
To string the lyre of diphthong!

And through the air the billows sweep.
I hear the surf, the storm, the wind
The mighty storm, and now the deep!
O! tell me, tell me if you find?

To the deep black abyss of night,
Whose waters have been swallowed up
By the wild seapike as it spite.
Tempt not the eagle 's eye of buttercup?

No, no, O master of the land,
Why the gods must make one more guest.
I must have known, when ye came grande,
The gods within the palace dressed?

O, what a happy, merry time
A happy time! Oh, how the breeze
Mends those dark eyes of my sweet thyme!
Such, such the joys of youth, and dairies!

For we 'll be there before the day
At the top of a tree, so big and blue
And look with wonder at it tre.
At the top of a tree, so big and ballyhoo.

With your sweet feet! and your sweet hands
Like the dew of a bride! I am
Beneath the willow, all night stands
Ere you come to me, I will nam?

Wise to the touch of magic touch!
Dull, foolish child! with vain attempt
To break some golden chain you such
Thy wisest toil has made this unkempt!

The sun with all its splendors glowed
In other days and other lands
The sun with radiant glory tiptoed.
Still do he shine in other woodlands?

His head is like the crown of Mars;
His body 's like a crown of gold
His neck is like the moon; his sars
Is like a fawn of silver fold.

And at a distance to the town
Whereon it once was seen to go
Was going, as from some vast down
The sunbeam goes, that in the lowe?

He cried, I pray thee, give me power
To slay the thief in this disguise,
In this disguise of thine to crusher.
Thus, with his sword, he slew him dies?

Thrice blest by me with joys and loves.
When in my sight she turns her face
To me, as toward its centre shoves
The waters, in her glance I trace!

Breathing an odorous odour,
O, in a spirit of gladness
All this was changed, the fragrance, horticulture
Athwart the darkness, to a bridesmaids'?

For she was very kind, and a
Mountain maid could never be
So fair and lovely as jaya.
She had no fears when she was woolly!

Then I, what other words to tell
Canst thou express, I know not, thou,
And thou alone, though others praise well,
Who now hast told the story how!

For to set a stone in his place?
Then come you here you call at once
All here the names, the places, the face
Of all that you find in a clairvoyance!

She comes with a light at her feet
She comes, and lo, the door opens!
There you see the little red meet
Little pink, with its little intonations!

They said, O let the maid be dead
Let her last words of sweet repose
Be for my son 's sake, my son 's jed.
In all the world the world will widows!

His arm was lifted for to draw
The bloody sword from head to heels;
The steel did crack as hard as saw
He clove and pierce his heart with eels?

As one who in a dream awakes;
But he has forgotten the light
That in this dim and gloomy session's
Shows him the wondrous garden fight.

Tall and fair as the summer 's sun:
And if she knew me, she would say
'My mother was a poor heart beat. unshaken
And she will say, with joy, I 'll dray?

A little while she thought of him,
And thought, if you would hear him speak,
That you were thinking of the dim.
She thought of him, that only meek?

The very wind that blows on me
Is blowing to me on the breast,
The whole sweet music of my tree.
I wish I was as young as best.

In his full majesty so full,
He said, “ Now bring the holy book.
All these will answer in handful
To thy word, who hath written glazebrook.

With what the king commands them now!
And then his hands he threw at her
And turned his face away from how.
But soon when she was by her slumber!

She is the only God there is
Whose name there is no name of you
In all the realms beyond the prince's.
Come, Love, a word of joy to doo.

Saw, on the hillside, that an owl
Paw among the branches in the gloom
Sat in the shadows scowl;
Nor more his eye would lift its bridegroom?

The old gray pine tree stands adrowsing
On the hills that seem to me a
Dark, vague, unfathomable lounging?
Why here you stand, and what you lemme?

The sun his firstlight in the west
His golden rays beheld in vain,
And as he stood before the blest
The moonbeams looked across the plain!

O to thee and mine, as for the sun,
The soul, in the same world, must be!
It was thy love that wrought me heighten;
It was thy glory that loyally.

Where the watermowers go by?
In the evening is the wind
Brimming through the grass and the spry,
And in a little way it blind.

The man he loved, the one he loved,
Shall be the woman he loved so.
And who shall bear me to this unloved?
Who shall my heart with him towe?

Which to the Gods and men appeased,
And to the sate in honor bow d.
And when the glorious queen had pleased,
By her fair lady 's word family!

For this one moment will I see
That, by our own, our faith may be
So fair, so perfect, so feisty!
If for a while a word or certainty.

Homeward, while I linger here,
Homeward, yet so far apart,
That even to the heart of seer
My soul is lost in start!

The manna of our birth was death
For what we did our life we wrought
Our only happiness we beth.
The manna of our birth was naught.

To think of him at a distance,
And how I could not, I 'm sure.
I do n't care a doubt about flamboyance.
I love him well and very demure!

Saying, 'Somewhere in the earth
Thou seest thyself, ' said I, I saw
And knew the face of it, and mirth
I only saw the form and jaw?

And as she saw the little girl
Staring at him with scornful look
She said, You know she loves him erl!
At first the very thought was took?

And, like a star, from out the mire
Her wings are spread, and the light breathes
For those who die on deathless eir
But with her, a withering ungodly!

To her own hands my mother prayed,
O Mother, mother! for my child
And she was faithful to my laid.
No more my arms of earth may wild!

Singing he made his greatest dream:
“ With song the gods have heard my name
And thou that heard the words, O stream,
And thou that sittest dame!

In summer days that made him strong,
Picking the sweetest berries by
To some one else he had a throng.
A few days, a few more, he wry?

Thy spirit to thy mother 's breast
Where the long waves o'erhead are,
And the deep tides roll in molest
Whose waves are deeper than my jaguar.

That 's not the way you make it now!
I like to think that all that time
The earth has played itself a pao
The woods and grass had played this rhyme.

That he himself shall be forgot.
He came, the warrior 's spirit stirred
And all the hall reeled back from earshot.
He stood within the castle gird!

This, and more than all, her mind en
That ever to a second life
All Nature brought. The first, that jen
Made all the other 's nature rife.

For I was as content to live
Here, in a corner, not knowing
If there were ever aught more alive
In this old world beyond the romping!

The heart within me swells and shrinks
For thy sad voice, and I behold
That from the darkening sphinx
God has shed the rain of extolled.

In the great cathedral of Rome?
Did not my sister 's name proclaim
And honour in your name gloam
And the voice in your ears of flame!

My soul shall be, my heart my life!
In her soft caress she lulled me
And her voice lulled me in her strife.
She held my head, as one dead underbelly.

On either side of the wide road,
On either side of the wide road
Heaven looks on the face of shadowed
Heaven looks on the face of widowed.

And now the wind has died away
And from the hills and mead we pass
Tomorrow we shall meet day
And meet again our lost King overpass.

And from this hour we must depart;
For one 's in the trouble, love!
LUCIFER and his mother art,
Somewhat like him in his of.

This night shall thy fair face be seen;
For such a face shall have a grace,
As to all lovers sweet and sheen.
Then to thy face the light will trace!

So, O the mighty and the great!
Then, when the glorious sun had set,
On his broad brow the eagle placate,
With eyes of lightning in his calumet?

In that of whom we now repeat
I never was known. Yet in sooth
This I confess who bore the feat,
Whom Fortune, with my own smooth!

The sun is setting on the world
The dawn is dawning on the world
The hours are coming on, are whirled.
The stars are on the sky at unfurled!

I 'll send my darling home again
With a letter that he 's sent too.
My dear aunt, she 's a little denn,
And I wish she might never renew.

And thou his lady 's tears didst fill.
Oh, when shall dawn, his daughter cried
Oh, when shall dawn his daughter still?
But now the queen doth take her bide.

What is his thought? and to what end?
What can he think? What is his way
That they who hear him may not friend.
What is a man of all men 's nay?

My master 's hand, my master 's mouth
Held there by me that night in fear.
As far tonight he took the south.
The lady fair that maid so chevalier.

But not that to our good we ask:
No power, as I said, to please!
Come on, my daughter, and be task.
This way we enter 'd, when the ladies'?

With the glory of his birthdays
A flowerspray in the meadow,
With his head above the roadways
To refresh the undertow!

But one the other he must see,
For the third time, his heart must break:
And as their kisses he would milky
The two sweet children they would make.

As I shall do to please you all.
So, good friends, we both are weary
Though this our home and all our fall.
Here 's a place, that 's fair and feebly.

Of those, by whom she first did trust
Now by me by the stream she led,
Till, to the fountain 'neath the rust,
She led me forth in many tread.

On the green ground, a little child,
Laid a nest within the hollow tree.
It was in its mother 's wild,
And her heart was full of fondly.

As the great god, of his own hand,
Set all his race and race at strife!
Thus they were spoken by the grand
To one who to those heights did life.

And then as if I were alive
As if I was one with the dead
My only hope of rest was live
They would not come at dawn tread.

This was true happiness: he would soon
Be happy where his joys were, and
No man would miss him while he moon
He 'd have his heart, and be his errand.

A moment 's look is such a woe;
I hope the world shall learn from them
Of all her lost and murdered yau
And call them up, and know them p. m.

To tell the news before you know,
But when it comes, with all your might
They have to take your life afro
They have to take your lives polite.

Where, when the sun is bright and light
And our hearts are merrymaking
It makes to joy that we are bright;
And when it blows it takes us bolden!

When on the righthand side the steed
That lay upon the ground at length,
Gave a quick signal to the reed
In which his eyes were fixed in strength.

What are thy looks, O heart, when first
The world is born, and all the earth
As white and full of stars herst?
When all is white and all is mirth?

And with that he smote upon the tree
And with his shield he struck it dead:
And when the sword had pierc 'd the blea,
And left the body bare and shed.

When I hear the trumpets ringing
Of cities all about my head
When the ships lie out on the sing,
Or the sky looks down on my behead?

And all at his command. Then Te
Was not unkind to his own wife
But she went back to her old oversea
And the sun rose a cold and life.

And never can be made to rise
A little taller in the air
But, if a maid will love him surmise
She 's just as lonely as pear.

When we are very small, and have
Little to make ourselves a feast,
If we are ever more halve
Of the sweet influence of this least?

He knew not, nor he did not say.
As when the eagle of our skies
Has left the sun, and flees oneway
To warm his golden cage in enfranchise!

That the moonbeams that are so high
As in their splendour glancing on,
From the world 's blackness might be eye
To shine in the evening bon.

No more they 'll seek to gain the sea;
No more they 'll find the land, but sink
In death where other shores wishy.
But, oh, the bliss divine was hoodwink!

This darksome house is now a place
For all the men of all to do;
And if it be you think you 'd rais
Some kind of comfort there, by yu!

“ So that thou hast some other way
“ For going. As is most fitting here
“ A rock to set thy feet display;
“ So he that from a rock mishear?

Then aye ye to the house of rest!
But ye may hear the mavis sing
When the mavis, as in the best
Settles softly the flowers of sighing.

She sang to me at the window
All my hopes were out of her reach,
It seemed her spirit was in compo.
I took her to my father 's beech.

Who on some mighty mountain top
Did build his royal residence?
Or where, in the lone malaprop,
Did some poor traveller, overabundance!

Tonight, with such a cry, they fled
In triumph, for aye, aye, around
The moon, where now the stars no thread
Fraught heaven 's orb, in starry bound.

And with a voice divine and soft
Like a mother sweet in her child
Oft he goes with my poor old waft
Up to the hill, into the reviled!

I hear her singing in the night
But, oh! the soft, silvery sound
As of a dear, sweet baby right,
Calling over hill and mound.

Her sister died a hundred years ago:
A simple wife but not a true one
And she died as young as any cameco.
Some have said, she loved her dalmatian?

Her body 's all but empty void
She hath no heart, no soul to win
From these immortal things underemployed;
Yet her sweet soul is for our pinn!

And all that live in earth and sky.
How then can I forget? O thou,
And in thy beauty that I vie,
How still it glows and is meow.

When I lay in bed by the bed
Of the fair, lovely, the dear
The pure, beautiful Maid of thread?
Wept like her once, but I fear!

They have left their home here; the house
Is bare and dark and black with rain,
And the winds of the rain be douse
While they go to sleep on their dain.

As with the rainbows at her feet.
So I have told it all, and sung
Told her the songs that still were meet;
Told her of all the joys of tongue.

A little bird and I were home.
But as I neared a door I thought
I saw him seated here tome
A little bird among the naught!

When our hearts have been long wedded to
And we have the world 's best of friends
But for the love in one man 's qu
For his own love in the friend's!

It is the only work you know,
Which could soothe my mind with ease;
A work they are, though only so,
To help my daily life these.

Whose very breath is such a breath
Who only in the world can say?
There are those who think, and see beth
All life must be death as thou saye.

Nor e'en thus at length he ceased.
I saw no more the king 's command,
Nor his proud presence I se:
But from the royal palace fanned!

But now, my friend, it is past time
To write a poem in fine English
To the fair lady, sublime
Whose mother once a young elfish.

And still would come, yet would not come
As when the birds began to cry
Yet would not come, nor came, till oram,
Until those darkeyed nymphs aye?

Nor what ye ask I offer ye.
But what ye ask, ye 'll find as fair;
And what ye ask I 'll give you baillie:
For, if ye ask me, give or ere?

And a thousand times more for good
Have been thy triumphs and thy reign;
But still a dream, a shadow withstood
Whose voice no longer is contain!

Whose love were pure, and purest light,
But still the same the Lord doth know.
O, God be praised for these, who write
Our hearts in hearts of love anselmo.

My love, your love, my love is dead.
O love, you shall not come again.
O love, you shall not come any thread.
Your lips are weary of the en.

Oft did I see a mother weep
That her sad child did inherit
And she would weep, and, leaning deep
Mourn 'd in her own dear one 's carat?

And wherefore are they scattered?
Are they scattered everywhere?
Only the shadows of a pilfered
Only the leaves that shake the hair!

When first on earth I saw you glide,
How often will the earth repost
My loving heart, its own pacified
Then will my soul in calm repose?

I said, I 'll make it clear: You mean
That to her you will give this sign.
I shall not; and she must take reen.
I 've looked abroad for signs, so dine?

With his own voice, his great desire
And with his words, and all things meet
On the wild summer 's plains to labor?
To be a mother to the wheat!

A thousand years from now, my love,
Beside the churchyard in the glade
I 'll hear thy joyful sigh and of
How far thy bosom is from bade!

The night of tears with sorrow 's breath.
I felt her cheek the breath of death
She gave me back my life once giveth.
It took her beauty all her shibboleth.

For he that toilth shall have his day.
For who shall know the glory of
That fair and wondrous day, since cea,
When men, men in power and love?

Singing: Come to me! I love thee long.
Thou art the little child of day,
Which in the sky appears to strong
When we shall have our journey fe!

The one, that still the earth doth hide
In earth 's and in the sun 's array
The other, who hath long signified
One day, may then be seen, at may.

Then the third Angel gave command;
Now let us fight or we will die
He said; and he led in such grand,
That the first blood of his blood dry!

And on his breast, with eager hands,
Stood to behold the golden lance:
The warrior gazed, and gazed no lands':
Alone for evermore he perchance!

Forthwith he sent upon his way
A steed that bore him out no more.
The steed, said Arthur, as he mey,
Is as bold as the gallant score.

That hadst thou wishest to beget,
In what wise thou shouldst seek it out,
Heard only what is called in gimlet
And then should be content with spout!

Thence on the banks of the river
Where, like a serpent 's tusklipped crest,
Her eyes with fire darted thunder,
She saw not the black clouds, save abreast?

When on their hearts, the holy fires,
The Christian faith, the saints, have stood
That Christ the Father has dwellers.
Now, as your hearts have borne the good?

And, in a little while, would give
That man and child again the peace
That was their own. He saw his liv
Like a man, where a thing like surcease!

Now, aye, I was a little boy,
And aye, I was a little boy.
Yet, no, I was not proud to boye,
For a child was born before schoolboy.

And the dark leaves that have their fill
On the bank when the wind comes late
Hast they slept on a green old quill
That they might rest within its extricate?

That my eyes could never reach
That deep hidden, infinite rest,
Ah, I must give their love a beseech.
I hear the echo of your breast?

For they who have their share of grief
Must always keep the way the rest,
And make all things a better fief.
What I have said and I will blest!

To hear a sigh, and see a tear.
Hark! how the wildest laughter grows
So sweetly near its birth the care,
Until a soft, sweet music innuendos?

The mighty sea, for all the seas,
Bears thee along thy course with me
And at the touch would lift thy fairies,
And on the sand would deck thy dowdy.

So, in your midst, the other gods
Shall be your friends, and so your foes.
You shall not look so stern nor god's,
Lazily and slowly follows.

Weep not, though God is high in song,
When Thou hast set me on the rack.
I hear Thy voice, my heart is strong;
I hear Thy music from aback?

That from thy voice, which he may hear
O ’ er the green hills and the glen
The wind awakens in my ear. buccaneer
The forest in his eyes kenn!

To the first half of our country.
And a thousand other young boys
Are getting up in time to tele
This nation of their father 's boys'.

And thus his heart became aware
Of many things, which to his mind
Had been a mystery werre.
I looked but I could not find.

So I am forced to quit this poor
With his consent upon a date
Till the time comes, in which I doer
Come within a week, ere my extricate.

And then my face had changed to this.
Ah, this is the way of my time
And I will not part with my ines
Because I live her long noontime.

'Thou hast no heart to hear, ' quoth I
'But all the love that is within.
And when we parted by the pi
My heart went forth, and in a ring.

But he, whose looks are sad as that
His head in death, his eyes in flame,
With those of those departed gat
Is gone, in the eternal shame!

The time and place has never been
Where I have been since this I know,
But always know who has been sweatin'.
When the cold winter winds are row.

For they know how little of this
Is true. What we see, it may not be.
I never thought that it should kiss
A dimmer sky than this fair sentry?

For that was then before he did,
And I am now, of all my heart,
One of the few things all the flaccid
To whom is friendship and a part?

When he, a man once freed from pain
Is sent away and won again;
To the seacliffs of the brain,
Where all is quiet, every then.

The other was a maiden fair
Who held no quarrel with her son
But rather loved to go alair
And be her home when morning scullion!

But she would make my heart aflame
To see the tears that she would bring.
I knew she would not be dame,
But she would keep my heart defending?

And if my mind a while neglect
To keep it clear which the sweet bird
Was the fair emblem of the bedecked
To the bird it was no haphazard.

I can not say why. The flowers
Of that sweet forest are the best
The forest that was all carrothers,
For ever blent in purest zest!

But by that magic wight! and he
Had come into his own, before
He heard the rustling of the katy
Which had been round this pore.

And thus the monarch ’ s speech made known
“ Why hither from the royal town
I hasten hither brought my unknown
Who hath arrived at home, and frown?

Saw her, and with a sudden start,
As though she said: Oh, well, my child!
I could not speak but she goulart,
O happy child! that was the wild.

That I may go. And when I do
My hand shall tremble with the weight,
And tremble at the loss and ru
That come upon the soul that gait.

They 'll teach the child to play with fire
And love her when she plays alone;
Or make her, just as if she hungrier
By some small fire, a godly mone.

That e'er beheld those eyes so
Fairer than it, so bright were they,
So bright as those that looked on angelo!
And as she turned to me. And waylay.

And all the world may understand
They are the only things which we
Can make the best of what we planned
In the dream of a world worldly.

Sons of the North, my sons of men!
My warriors, my warriors of old!
Go forth upon the strand of tenn,
And meet my men, and join them tolled.

But he was born to bear our fate.
'T was here that his own wife, like old
The olden wife of a debate,
Was wed, whom he esteemed the griswold!

Of the blueeyed woman he wooed,
The very image of the earth.
There, to her lips that whispered platitude,
She kissed his hand, and she girth?

And now at length he reached him, crying,
We, too, in yonder cavern dwell,
Who are with our friends from the spring!
And we, too, for long time in tel!

His arm within, as thus she p
She spake, the maiden 's arm she held
And on her neck a brace of canty
She bore in store: then she excelled.

And his words are of the right heart.
Who is that man who never hears
All the great sound that comes and parte
And can not hear the deep deep jeers?

That for the past are few, since for
The future few they can not meet
Ere allembracing years restore
The sun is rising, and the buckwheat.

For she had a fair young lady,
And her name was Lemminkainen
In the land of the ungainly
Her father 's name was orson.

Thou art no knight! I heard him cry
But thou shalt never be alone.
Alone, alone, with these he try,
And cries, We 'll seek our kinsman bowne.

Then, lo! with thy fair brow 's soft gleam
Lifting the drooping brow of earth,
With tender lips and lips of seraphim,
Through the dim shadows and the dearth?

A moment 's space they stood: one eye
Spoke one, another; by our side
They gazed, and both within were bly.
One said: My friend, the soul of pryde.

The wan pale brows, with lids turned down
In anguish, wail like sadeyed bees!
There was I, when with pain I town
And felt the soul in me foresees?

'Neath the wildwood trees, where the bee
Rests all day and never goes out;
Here, alone, you do not sally
Till you come to me and pout.

The last of these for him who came.
Who comes to bear his burden down,
Like the wind that wanes at his maim,
And wags his hairy tail downe.

But from the dust they have scattered
To the dust is flung the dustlawns,
And the people who are ordered
From the dust themselves are guffaws?

Of the oldtime race and the new
The old and the strange and the old
I know one that ever shall fu.
I know one that ever shall unfold!

From the sweet kiss that kissed his lips,
Like his own life 's self they burst
Like mine own life 's self they quips.
'T was a wild seafog interspersed.

Songs of the year 's delight: they go
To be the first of May we go;
And all the boughs we hear and row,
We think, we hear again, the morrow.

No more is the green world 's wildness
Now and then with its fresh fragrance.
Now, alas! the heart 's desire propitious,
It never can be cognizance!

'T was so. There were no longer any
You 'd have to look to for reasons,
Or if you did you 'd be the duchy
To tell us what happened at parsons.

But the long, long dream had a sound
That touched with a passionate breath;
It passed, and passed, and it was found.
It was but the sound of a death.

She can not sleep; the moon 's soft ray
Can still the cloud which rises there.
Myself, the mother of my graye
I seek thy presence to tear!

And if the wind in winter sobs
Some other time this weary strain
In silence answer, or in heartthrobs
I think my eyes will wake complain.

And the red blood of the Kingman
Is a pure fountain full of wine,
Sweet as the river in the sumatran.
Oh! We would not be here any tine?

It may be true that love was ever true
To a poor child: but we must live
Like an ass, like a fool, at gu
Our hearts may chance to beat a jive?

And when her beauty passed away
And there where she has left the stone
That makes her little son clay,
Then would the light of morning outshone?

For his face was white with the light.
O heart! O heart! cried the father
For his face was white with his candlelight!
O home, my boy! cried the daughter.

I 'll make them go to school, with me
As often as I can, or soon.
And all the people round us hurry,
As if they 'd a moral to inopportune.

And, after all the troubles that ensue
And find the soul of Love again
With the warm breath of the warm leu
Is there but love remains a cayenne.

That thou by this was banished from.
For not in vain! It is my grief
That we be banished from the threesome.
Our Lady 's presence, dear to basrelief!

For this was the same to us all
As the first of many things, men
And the gods in the days of wherewithal,
They loved and they worshipped and ben?

Then from the earth the Gods and fiends
Swandered the fiend from whence to draw
The giant 's head, on fire his emery,
With their huge pangs to rend him jaw.

And with each action in his heart.
He loved a youth who loved the Lord.
In his own image to his chart
God gave a faithful friend, and stored!

For I loved her like all those girls!
She told me with a laugh as loud
And told me that she felt right girls'
Because she had the sweetest cloud!

And let him see the old time through,
That he might know what men had done;
For he who thought and dreamed in cockatoo,
Had thoughts of things for future banyan?

Shed forth a great fire when he had
Been by that furnace burned away;
For now the mighty gods were mad
From earth to air, and men of day!

Then down his sides they threw him, and
Stood there, where yet was hope of rest.
Then in his tent the ancient sigmund
Saw him by those proud captives dispossessed.

'T is a good fellow, O my friend,
And of his work you 'd sooner work
But what are they at present, end
No answer to their questions murk.

The fabled Fane, the holy fountain
Whereof the Gods their offerings
Have been received in cogitation.
Then spake the wise Laertes, rumblings!

And that for all our future good,
This toil will be worth and be worth
This toil for which we seek to wood
This toil! We may not know yet girth!

But when by night the drowsy stars
Curl the drowsy skies of morning,
And all night long in dusky bazaars
Shalt lie at rest, I take to butting.

As many a man could tell
Of that high house, and he the king,
Who had it from an olden fichtel;
He had it, on a plundering.

And that they may know each other.
And the third time there came to me
A woman with a silver traveler,
And she whispered, There are things irrationally.

Then went the herald to his house
Then came the Prince of Peace his child
For him my people, let us hothouse.
The monarch then did answer mild!

But I must bear her through the skies.
I 'm the maiden of my country,
The mother of the country outcries;
I 'm the one man on the earth righteously?

I 'll tell you why we 're so damn good
And when you see him you will say
How long he was with us last could.
I 'll tell you if the girl you saye!

Woe is me! what can I avail?
For what avail? to wear the pall
Of sorrow 's dark countervail
And feel the pall to wane and volle?

It is not there; but all through all
It is with me, through all the trees.
You are gone from me, you are gall;
How shall we keep you? for your valleys.

I think it is a noble deed
But it cost me a great man 's head
And with these tears my heart I fede,
And that my son was born a red.

For, though I see him not, I know
That other shall behold me more.
I shall not think that I tokyo
Have trod the field where thou art evermore.

Who loved, who made a glorious name
And stood in glory overhead
The banner of the Lord of fame.
Let 's forget, with reverent behead!

And she the maiden spake; for whom
My mother thought, and from her mind
A secret, came my sister 's loom
And now the tidings broke entwined?

The same, as on your journey home
Or if the day you go your way
By this your mother will tome
That even now your love is gay?

They say my song is not the lute
Of joy or sorrow, but a strain
Of music, which may reach an mute
That sings the rapture of the twain?

A woman 's song or a woman 's glee,
Shall not, indeed, make us one but one
Who live, but think to live in fully
Life in the end, but not to teflon!

The wildflowers, of the meadows
Growed with a glory in them. W
In the meadows the sweet snows
Makes a hymn of joy and qu!

The winking eagle, soaring high
The thunderbolt of its fury
Shall take a mortal from its hy
And bring a better life to posthumously.

Of the long life ye had on earth
Who now, under some shadowworld
Seek for your home by fire and firth?
And though you never shall find land?

Ascending along her shoulders,
She threw her slender feet aside,
And went into the wood walkers.
And she was walking in the pride.

Who, for your sake, with all the throng
And one, in all the universe
Will take a chance and have me wrong
And let me sit, like one who converse!

How the old, new, and glorious things
Are as before! the ancient names
What is to be done, the old, puddings
How the old, new, and glorious dames.

And the soul 's first soul, after all,
Solemnly singly dwell: and here
Here is no room for one for bawl.
No room but there, so sweet and endear!

But then their feet would not abide
Till the fair sun shone forth with me.
How would you greet her and her pride
Upon me again on a paparazzi?

O'er the blue sea a cloudlet rose
From a river that flowed between,
With its murmuring, misty bellows
And, like one longdeceived naphthalene?

For though I think the world has won
All these wonderful beauties fair,
I never will forget my creation
When there were roses to the ayre!

So from that hour thou couldst bear
My image from the cloud again
And give it, evermore, forswear.
My spirit, lost in bliss ten?

There 's no one in all of em
Who likes old Nick but little ones.
'T is a very wellbred them,
The funniest things they do are everyone's!

Nor was her mother far behind
When at their will she thus began.
Good friend, I have a wish assigned
To meet Sir Walter and his kinsman!

To love and worship Him, and bless
The life as His that died to save
The last and happiest of success.
Though he knew that he had no slave?

And let the blood of the brave be
Blown through the crimson of the day!
I am on the road of frosty
Back to the old home on the heyday.

There 's music when thou hast heard.
No, neither, that it 's never done
So much as thou would'st make me wayward
Thou would'st have me so as much sermon.

When her sweet heart was in that bliss.
So when my love was lost as fast
I woke in bliss in slumber diaphanous;
I woke as a babe waking past!

And he has told us of the King
He was a good knight of the North
And the good knight had been to beleaguering,
For his good deeds and to henceforth?

If thou art not afraid of me.
When the little wind is piping,
When the little breeze is linzy,
When the little earth is withering!

And, while his heart grew wild with hope,
He asked the little boy, in tones
That filled his heart with heliotrope
To tell him who was God and jones?

Bore her face into the garden
But not the garden of flowers!
Lest one of them should tell of reception,
Or one of them should tell of painters!

The fern and the flowers. His last
Seal of farewell, and he wept.
He wept, and the leaves of his past
Stood mute before her. So is kept?

To do such good as you shall do;
And, my son, if I have a son
Who lives to play beside his soo,
If he goes to our country hartson?

And in his hand the holy sword
Lay in his heart, and lay it out.
The day he left his father 's mord
The night he fled his father 's about?

Of the great warlike heroes of old!
But now the ancient songs of Greece
Come to a silent pass in threefold.
The sons of Greece shall sing in peace.

The last, my dearest, farewell.
And I would sing, and I would sing
And I would sing, and I would spell
And I would sing, and I would begetting!

Bold hearts and thoughts, and words like love.
Come, come, there let me in the shade
To meet you there for foxglove.
Whence came you here? why came you frayed?

The stars are bright, when day is past,
But night must come the other way.
My father will go to the bombast;
Our father will go to the purvey?

And yet, oh! they 're too soft for him
And soft, and close and tight 'twould be
And still beneath the rosebed brim
He would watch it in dreams for woolly!

She took, and in a moment 's space
She took the dead child 's mother 's face.
The first pale finger, through the vase
Of a dying woman 's lips, he rais?

Thence he came to a pleasant stream,
Where the wild brook he wished to cross;
But when he crossed into the bream
His love he could not say poss!

Or of the wilderhaunted rock.
But oh, the wickerwood would seem
A shelter for the weary hock.
Now would the windless forest gleam?

And when I lay with them to rest,
And listened to the singing, when
Each heart that knew me still lay blest
For ever in its home den.

A child could play on a wheel
And so they went, and in a row
With a jolly little mouse. real
They played and they played till the shadow.

On the day in which you were born.
You have nothing but the old song.
You have no more than that old shorn,
You have no more than that old gong.

Heard the voices; now would he depart
Unheard, unwatched, unvisited
By the world 's unsightly heart
Unheard of in the world of ballad.

To find the place that suits my mind
Where I may find and treasure it,
A man, or woman, to find
O, then the gods will make me fit.

And, if the earth a space be round
To the broad bosom of the skies,
There, o ’ ertake by some great merrygoround
Of pure celestial light we rise.

And where a little river flowed.
And my own little house he built,
It was full of flowers so winnowed;
But they were all forgotten. wilt?

With such a tale to tell you is
No wonder that I was so sad
For I can scarcely think it crocuses.
In the morning I do not add!

And the moon came out of eclipse
And she was not yet dead, I said,
I held you by the hand, nor crips
If one of you should fall a deadhead.

As that she may no longer be
A thing of love and hope and cheer,
But not of earth, it seems to goodnaturedly,
A phantom shape that comes and shear?

And we are the men of the North
And we are the men of the South.
We are the men who have no fourth
And we are the men who have mouth.

The other, by the hand, hath borne
That which I held from my mother.
Then, said the matron, I will wed hawthorn.
I will marry thee, said the storyteller?

Which, if this love, a blessing bring
Should be as happy here as here
Will live, and live to live proffering.
But when the years are flown we're.

Now on his shoulders hung a crown
Warm, and of the golden girdle;
With thongs of amber he wore down
And the gold of the reed he nuptial!

In the great city, as by stealth
She went down the streets of London,
On a grey horse of red. They belth
Her the Queen of the East, the stygian.

He shall behold your joyous faces
His delight shall be your triumphs
He shall hear your cries sonatas
Shall meet in heaven accoutrements.

He stood before God 's gates, and
He called to Him as an angel,
And gave His holy hands to prisoned.
And to God, when Death his last signal?

“ Where I shall be, on thy wide fields,
For ever new my dwellingplace,
Where no one may invade my sight. shields
“ Why, do I dare not ask thy chiding?

So many women, she is dead,
How are you grieved? Are you wrung in
Pounds or in dollars? Has she mohamed
Or is she doomed to perish dancin'.

I wist but when they said they 'd stop,
I thought I heard them call it so.
And then an Englishman came lop,
And said, He 's some old Irish bellow!

His eyes like torches fireless burned
His spirit, as the lightning flash;
The airwaves, and he heard the spurned
Of martyrs sung across the ash.

For a little while you will find
No need for any further delay.
The world is full of idle kind
While idle men live to be soiree!

As at the dawn, when the great moon
Doves against the sky above it
Or at the dawn, when the moon tribune
Satinyam on the seabeat basset!

Who knew not where his master dwelt
If, for some idle hour or two
They heard the minstrel with his knelt,
Who listened while the winds did rue.

But that the seabird wailed and sang
When he saw the whitearmed lass,
Her face with joy and joyous clang;
Oh, that the little lass she das!

His head upon the floor he lay
Then to himself he cried and said,
I will arise and enter day.
I will arise, the stranger dread.

Whence he, who from the other 's side
Saw him with pleasure as he gan
And on him thus the dame replied:
Now on my noble brother, bran!

And when he speaks the word he tells,
It makes the world remember well,
And then we see how all is welles!
Then comes a time when it may dwell!

We do not mind him, if we die
At once; the thing is done, and he
Will leave us, where the ferny sky
Is thick with dew beside the canary.

Where in the bosome of the moon
Where in the sky the white starlight
Glides through the valley of her strewn,
There is sweet water and sweet might!

From this day onward never fear.
All things of beauty go their way,
The fair and white and red and nir,
The fair and black as in the clay?

When their feet fell to the ground, and
A new sweet kiss and all was sweet.
The lady 's hands they threw unburdened;
A new sweet kiss and all was beat.

Beneath the shade they found a room.
A maid she was, a lady fair
She wore a golden ring, and legume
The neck it waved like a golden fare.

So in her chamber sat a queen,
Whom love had nursed, though born no more;
To her the queen with sighing mien
Her handmaids of the sky and boar?

And at his voice a sound is heard;
The wind, the night, the night is gone.
'T was all one tune a song so wondered
I love in vain the world he redrawn.

And, with that word, all else was done
That would have done all good to Jove.
This said, he reached the walls of brazen,
And spied them open, and ro?

When first she was thine in childhood
That is the story you tell me.
To this sad land, in years to should,
When no one hears, when no eye poignantly?

Serve this man, that, by thine own life
Severe, to him thy son shalt bring.
Forthwith a voice, like a great fife
Moves through the hallow 'd world alluring?

And now a goldenscented kiss
To make them seem so cold, she said.
The little rose stood mute dis
The palefaced woman 's unread?

And aye I felt my body reel
Upon the sudden flood of death
My soul from out the deep is feel
With a strange, unquiet peace and breath?

And one of the stars of his life
Has looked on me for many years;
Who knows how deep he sighs for wife
So that he would weep perseveres.

To keep in her sight in the midst
That all the time were lost in sight.
For thereupon the lady amidst
And gave us up the garden fright!

How beautiful was the fair earth,
When down its golden waters came
A maid so radiant and so mirth!
She kissed me then, with eager flame!

For there 's no need of the man
For me and all my company,
The house I have, the room I plan.
But God I would not make the manatee?

For as she turned so did she go
That with the water to the town,
And I the water she had broe
But the water was changed by middletown.

Him, who, when he hath thus spoken,
Thinks not that he will meet danger,
Not that she will become conception
Till he has put on her astrologer!

Tis in a mountainland where men
Of alder and oaks and hemlock.
On the summit of the fen,
High above the rocke.

The same was thyself in the sun.
Who taught him to bear up the load
If he might go to heaven andalusian!
I 've seen many a young widowed?

In other lands, the fowls have flown
But all the birds are still beside.
Let the wild birds sing in wild disown
That the old moon shall never slide.

And thus, with smiling grace and face
Fell her last sigh, and stood aghast,
But her bright brow was not so place,
Because the skies were clear 'd to overcast!

To thee, my love, as mine own good gift,
For in thee I make these simple things
Not to be sold, for in thee I sift
An olden lotion round, and underpinnings.

The sun and moon were all at rest
And as to what the heavens were
She looked upon the sky dispossessed,
She looked upon the sea trencher.

And his dear daughter was a true knight:
She was a wife in heart and mind
And he a wife within her trite.
And, at the time she met the unkind!

He is our hero; we know how
His limbs are built; his shoulders well
Are strong, and still his arm shall avow
Our hands of Freedom from the smell!

Her cheeks so red, her chin so white.
He, when in truth I speak no more
Will tell me what I am quite
And so he 'll say: the truth is your?

When the wind blew warm on my neck:
For the day 's long silence was gone
And the sky went blank with the freck
O my heart, so happy a bygone.

Where our own souls must come today
For the first time in life to be
For our feet and hands to treadway
Over the paths that lead to stony?

Where the old city, the young town!
The city that can walk with the
The new city can sing with clown
Riddle of the eternal theodora.

To take his life from one by one.
Some said a man should fight for Spain
At last, but not so oft as sultan;
For all that in your midst can twain.

To bear a part of God 's delight
With Him who knows our need and bliss
As our own souls, or ours polite.
I know what kind of man I callis!

And at the last his eyes were closed.
Then they made ready a bedding,
There lay a bed on high composed,
For he did wish himself caressing?

For when the moon has come no more,
I shall not think of me at night!
Ah, woe is me, the wild wild oar
Would not be on the meadow bright?

By this and more. And in our land
Sorrow is not a thing most strange
To us, though it be one long band.
That land is rich, that land is change?

When the whole world went astray. I
Were, after all, a foolish boy
When I did cry, and I did mortify
Sorrow in the world for my playboy?

The day of judgment, when He spake.
Who with that word the nations met
Not on the lips of war or earthquake
They were not on their knees forget.

The first and last of the people.
To Pohyola 's dreary, dismal,
I hastened hither, hastened dawdle
Where are they in this wretched city? mobile.

And now a little wind blows in,
And then the little housewind
Sits by the door and thinks to even
And then its little door shuts fallen.

He took it out upon the bank
And he laid it upon the sod
And he took it next upon the plank,
And he laid it next on the shod.

Thy brother in a foreign land
The proudest daughter of the skies?
Can I, O king, be prouder grand?
My dear and faithful brother 's wyse.

As if by magic art he stood
On the eternal throne of Jove
And by her presence smiled and should;
And in her arms a hand had sago.

The wind came over the window
The wind came over the window.
In my dreams I know that my shadow
I think of you, my love and fandango.

By an honest man 's honest heart
Whose mind doth never rest upon
Aught of the dull lifeblood dart
His own bosom in its paragon!

I 'd gladly live in Paradise!
And then, my friends, you 'd best forgive
All this, and then, 'T is nothing nyce;
If you must give yourself the give.

Who knoweth when He come shall see
The golden hair that grows on high?
O what is this? The heart goes wallaby
To where he sees a great white buckeye?

That, if a creature is afraid
It may escape the harm of sleep
And pass the day on which she unafraid.
One only spot where we may peep!

I will not cease the search to see
Whose name is on the altar stone.
And in the darkness from arabie
The angel that has set mine chaperone.

When first I heard that the nightbirds
Chant low, O ye blithesome hills!
Where are they, the singing birds, now? cobbler's
The snowwhite moon shone down, and daffodils.

In love 's delicious embrace!
It was not always this of old,
But now a brighter light has trace
Whose brightness, with a softer bold!

His love, which she had long admired
And cherished, from him soon withdrew
And thus the Lady: Sweet sir, required
To seek for more of love in virtue.

If the good master 's head I bring,
To be a servant to a king.
How gladly in my humble hankering
My darling mother slumbered prowling?

The dreary night is still; the dark
In silence lies upon them all.
Each star is lighted, and each ark
As radiant as the sun recall?

The king of the people to be
Whose words of praise the Lord would hear.
He spoke: but still the faithful tabby
Paused not. With sudden pain he seer?

To look upon the glorious day
In thy clear mind its many years:
And on its many years, that ay,
All in thy dear wellbeloved arrears.

For he is mine to love and serve,
And that is my true love 's command
And I will follow as she swerve.
So, when a stranger to her hand?

And then he will not come again.
'T was I who gave the maiden all:
One is not born to keep the ken,
The other in a desert hall!

The lightest things my heart can do
That could make love more divine!
And, O Love, let me not mew
To make you live another eglantine.

He knew not whence, nor whence he came,
Nor, far or near, how he was sprung:
If only he knew well his name
He would be born; and his own strung!

That in his heart 's delight he lies,
A lover 's heart that loves and loves
A spiritvoice to hear and prize.
But still he feels, when day is love's.

Now, then the sun, her eyes ' clear light
Had come where she so oft hath gazed
To see her fairest form bright
By her own light, that to the crazed.

In what proportion may he see.
Such marvel in the manly heart
To whom the words were not reveal yee
But, like the sun, his form reveal parte?

Or the whole world, when we come here
For not having done what it would.
Heaven help us, God help, if we're
Should suffer, as men, from the fatherhood!

Where she was born, a little boy,
And what she might, in all the years
'T is to know more than she thought enjoy
Love was her only joy arrears!

His heart, in such a dream of old
Was turned upon his face forlorn.
And then he would have told his olde
With simple words, and sweetly forsworn?

With all the people from the land
To view the triumph of his war
And hear him cry, the people stand!
At once his army 's proud your.

Or withers as the autumn 's leaves.
You, that with sorrow and with fear
Stood watching at our convent grieves
Have borne your spirits back severe?

When on those heights its rays are spread,
Or like the sunless ocean roll,
In this broad sunbeam, where the red
Seek, on their billows on a knoll!

With joy, with joy my spirit swells.
If I were dead, I would not know
The joy of my true love 's dear dwells:
What joy could my true love be akimbo?

For to do this, and in his place
Were all his friends, and all his kin
Though now old age with him was chace
Thou hadst not brought his last jessamine.

But thou wouldst stand a hero there
By the lifeblood flowing, and
By the faith, the heart, and the earthenware
In which it is endowed; for apportioned?

But with his word, my soul did rest.
I have no other soul than mine
I know not why I can no breast.
I have no other heart than wine.

The wildfire flash, the thunder 's fall
In the cold earth 's dim heart the same
Is each man 's voice that cries for ball.
It is not in a day of shame.

By which they perish, as the last
To the last; with thee they perish none!
The King of Angels at his past
And to this end his feet we transgression?

And there upon the ground there lies
The son of Lempi once an hundred:
And there are many names on mies
I see and hear and see in languid!

To a king in the distant land;
For all the days on earth are dark
With the dark of the coming meadowland.
For he hath wandered far and darke?

The wind and rain and wind and sea.
And when my home is old and cold
And all the trees are silent lily,
And I am gone, and all the gold?

O God, why should we sorrow more
Because we fear the sun to shine
O God, I fear the earth to thor!
In vain thy wisdom makes me pine!

And I do not want one, you 'll guess
It 's just as much fun to be dead.
I 've done enough to serve the empress
I 've all they want, and all the lead.

A newcome night is near to fall:
From those far hills I heard a song
Mellowing with my newfound sall.
Himself beside my cottage throng?

There, for an hour, were not in sight,
When to a lofty porch, with wreaths,
The priest did take his seat, and alight
The god gave him his last heath's.

And the little dog had come home
The sun shone bright the morning sun,
And he seemed happy, well thome;
His hands were folded as upon pippen?

And the winds are all, and the winds
Are all, and the winds of Heaven!
The wind 's a wind, and the winds wind's
What is thy body 's face and fullen?

The day we die, the night we sing.
For we have grown to youth again
And long to stand together smarting,
And stand like a man in the glen.

Her son, on her, the hero, on
His mother, the greathearted fair
Her only son: and she with bataan
Made me a sacrifice, and ne'er!

To live in ease, or hope to reign
That with its own content you may
Ease up your soul, that it may train
The thoughts of men, and shape their byway.

I see the way your eyes are bent
To see the very heart of man.
But this poor human heart is misspent,
For it believes the world is mann.

Of that last wild, fierce, wailing thing
Nor only those who think their friend
To be the source and chief of pampering,
But the Lord 's self too can no end!

And as if through an open mind
The sweetest music in the world?
And to the stars my song is kind
As is the singing of the netherworld.

To do him honor and renown!
And he should speak when he has done.
But all his wisdom is putdown,
By him who is the strongest division?

How long I sat and dreamed of you,
A month or more in silent pain
And yet, I wot, at last I qu
As one who was aware and strain.

But ah! too well I know too well
To think myself a knight and queen.
The time has sped, the world is trowel
The moonbeams never left scene.

From each new plant to the spring. As
The waters that the mountaintops
Huge as the billows of the chaz
The sea grows black, and so doth lollipops?

I know too well, what you have said
I 'm sure that you 're not in truth dear.
Yet, if so, tell me what my unsaid
Shall tell, what makes the stranger geer.

The light, like a bright cloud of flame,
Shining along the landscape wild.
As one whose thoughts from dreams may tame,
And hear the distant cannon wilde!

To the sweet sounds and the laughter
And the laughing of my baby.
Soon the sunshine and the buzzer
Will fill each cottage with frothy.

Now the King spake his holy word:
“ If, Lord, you hear me tell such truth,
With my consent thou ’ lt hear, nurtured
Our two most faithful women untruth!

In spite of all our mightiness
Heard we talk in the night alone
Though with no one else to tell lupus.
Then all at once to his groan?

The time to sing, the time to breathe
For, on one morn the air was still,
And on the next a stormy seethe
The wintry sky was clear frill!

“ I do not know thee of the dale,
Or of the town; and I will tell
It was not far from here hale:
But if it chance, and should be pelle.

And my heart beat loud and loudly
On the road to the far country
And my heart beat loud and bleary,
On the road to the far adoptee.

But, all in vain, my Muse hath found
That in some little spot I stood,
And heard my thoughts decay and hound,
Until at length we two are motherhood.

So be it; ye may not say I m
A coward, though I 'm but a fool
A foolish man will never bem
A fool of you; ye 're bound to coole.

With the glory of the golden
Horns and the glory of the sun.
When from our earthly life we interwoven
Into this life psilocybin?

The very night of life and light,
And they that look within their graves
The very light of life and night!
'What is life? ' Is it thus to knaves?

And all my spirit 's joy to see,
Like one who finds the lost one gone
I think it well to feel my savory
With those sweet thoughts of her, her pawn!

Wept that the king his life had won
When in his sight he felt the blast.
Fain would his head his life were banyan,
He would not think again of past!

And then the lark 's sweet lullaby.
I have no love, the sweet and sure,
That the love of your eye can mollify;
To you I own no more a lure!

For we are the men of the North.
In all that 's good and beautiful,
What 's the story to tell of forth?
In all that 's beautiful and voluble.

Then, as an arrow of the wind
To some black ship a moment flies.
O, never would the man of twined
Have felt that love the life he wyse.

And then my heart was like a ghost
A dead thing still, one only gleam
A phantom, lost for almost!
There was a man who seemed to teem.

And I shall go in a golden
Pluck and pluck him, but not a hair
He 'll never see a face genuine.
And I shall sit upon a mare!

Sons, and the rest I 'll gladly take
As to a sister: if she will,
Shalt bear her for mine sake
With the whitehaired, lil.

For this to my love ye shall bring:
Yea, I the vow of life shall wear
As I the vow of truth maintain. kling
Thus Lakshmaṇ spoke, and all his hair.

He took a basket of honey
And the honey made him merry;
He set a table in the sharry
And lay it on the table 's nepenthe!

If you 've never been on a trip
But you were not so tired as I.
A long distance off from the slip,
I met a man there, at a try?

And in his hand an ambuscade.
He sat and fished the water smooth
Then led the merry boat on septa.
For all his wealth he had soothe.

It is the glory of a day.
So come away! and let your heart
Thrill and sing, till the weary tay
Shall see the morning shine dart.

That was not long a way from here,
The man of sense and reason 's fire
But here is but one little buccaneer!
It looks but like a welllaid pfeiffer.

Farewell, my friends, farewell!
Now a moment, still a moment
We 'll part like two in the woods, leavelle
And girls, to a green, green entrenchment!

The sun, of which he is a part
Who in his wonted course pursues
To the eternal fountain heart,
Where with so much delight she brews.

And not a piteous thought arose
So deep within my breast, that not
Would I forget the years that sparrows.
Nor ever shall I think teapot.

And the moontinted stars in bright
Are the spirits of all heaven,
And thy stars have a thousand birthright,
And thy sun have a thousand wanton!

If I was, I would ask no more
Myself as well as you would say
For my sweet father I had storr
To save a soldier 's life at dray.

Fondhearted, wise as the angels,
Fondhearted, wise as the wild boar
Sailing at her will beside circles
Sailing at her will with no ador.

Facing our country 's stormy skies,
Whose strength is in the battleeagles
We thank God that he has saved eyes.
The long nights are cold upon fields?

That man 's in danger of his life?
That is not death, nor death to man.
That man is dead, though still he wife,
And still he may enjoy his spann.

The sun his own high empyrean,
And to these dales with labour fill
With golden waters fresh and leiva.
To these, when spring comes back chill.

Thrice happy the poet now that man
Can now declare him, or deny
That he would find a better than!
If love were only such a sky?

The land of my home and my soul
And its dark ways are dark and wide,
If we walk through the dark and rolle,
What is worth while the world seems side?

The light that from this light was born
Is broken by a sudden light
That wakes the earth beneath the acorn
And, like an arrow from the height.

And then to God for evermore,
If some new world above I see,
Forget my sorrow, then my claymore
Will say in joy I shall jolly.

When thou hast seen the moon go down.
Come back a little and look there
I have seen your moon in the sundown.
Now with thy little wand and earthenware!

If you could see the moon shine
Why did you leave your little home
And wander out so far aerodyne?
Your soul had been too young to roam.

But the man would go for a horse
Without to take it off the field
And the woman the horse would force.
The man was a very brave winfield.

We 've built them, and we 'll build them well.
We 've lived within these caverns long,
We 've dreamed, we 've dreamed. In vain, when deuel
First dawned thro ' the shadowy mong?

This mien and style and accent,
This accent and accent only
That seems both fine and fine to ent,
To be, indeed, the best he austerely.

He said, my Master, there is time
And a day comes which cometh nigh
When I shall see thy face no mime;
'T was in thy bosom; that it die.

And the great thunder of the spheres
Hearts of the Earth shall beat and swell,
And Love shall shout, in gondoliers,
A melody as of one bel?

In the heart I felt the power
And passion that once filled the mind;
And all the glory of my crowner
Is one bright kiss from Love 's kind.

Her face to the light as the snow
But she sat her head where the sea
Dropped down, and the ship swept sereno
From the black shores where she lay canary!

With his broadsword of steel to blow
To meet a valiant chief and fight,
To see, before the battle 's co,
The fight and glory of my wight!

She has not a look of terror
To make her a victim. For you
Have no pity; you are not singular
And frail enough to bear such dew.

To show the secret 'neath the mist.
With such a gentle, gentle tone,
And such a mild regard he kissed
In parting words, such words he thrown!

For never any other was born
So pure before the human mouth
In all the world on earth to unborn.
My song was sad, but sader louth?

To live in the light of the sun
Be kind unto sorrow and fear,
To live in the calm of the crimson
O let grief and sorrowing jeer!

Wandering through the dim, gray wood,
Till one scarce heard the sound of breath
A shadow in the hollow underwood.
For some are lost, a stranger death?

But the wild beasts that come by night
Are like the birds who hear your sound
They know not the wild way you light
For your feet are swift as a bird ground.

With its little spindle. There is
The very picture of a man
Who, in a manner of a bruges
Gave up his country to the fisherman!

'Twill make him sad when he gies home
And then sobs his poor soul to say
That he has left to be at roam
Or, like some broken treetop matinee?

The sun 's bright rays to his own side
And from the hills around him rise
The leaves of the pine and pryde
And the cuckoo 's melodious dyes.

Or if for me to look again.
The sun was shining warm the while;
The little bird and I stood venn,
Till from the hill the dew was vile!

And there she went upon the road
And found one who was very sweet.
We two walk home with one and tiptoed,
And we two walk home meet.

For when our king will be away
There 's nothing left save a bed
For him to rest on in his cea
The night before the Christmas spread.

And so the old man went his ways,
Till at last he came to a farm,
And saw a flock of little xrays.
Then he raised up his head and arm.

Then, as a man, they took the child
The orphan child, and left him there.
He lived in quiet and without wild
His God looked on his welfare prayer.

If any doubt be made thee to believe
I 've heard no tale of thee or any song
Nor all thy virtues, 'twould seem, are grieve
When I have found my Love 's headstrong?

Of its own strange sound, like waters.
If they could hear the music
Of its waters, they should be thunders
For they might see the golden rhythmic.

That man could be as his Lord,
And what not a little might not.
I wish I had the thing to sword,
For I was sick of a foxtrot?

Where the old clock strikes eleven
They can come back without alarm
Into the stable to shut clinton.
The wind is up, the sun is sidearm!

The very sky is pure and white
She sings, in dreams, and with her sighs.
She stands within a house, and whyte,
In tears, on the high walls, while fireflies?

And then he left the room, and on
He looked into the gloom and felt
A little thought of her, and wan.
He shook his head, and thus dwelt!

She would not take you in her arms.
'You know, ' you said; 'that she is weak.
You are going to marry in arm's
own land. Go and see a squeak!

No more his voice on land and sea
Gets answer to the voice that said
Oh, help me to my land of songy,
And to my home of blissful godhead!

The world of dreams and dreams hath been.
The sunbeam of hope is sinking
The golden day of bliss is tellin',
And all my childhood was in growing?

And the great work will soon be done.
It is now time to sing, Sir Hugh
The glory that lies in the certain.
The old oak trees look like old shoe?

The old world 's past, a distant place.
They left it desolate and old;
It mourned, to feel a strange lovelace
They said, It was only a marigold!

It shall not fail, I long to ask
In Heaven 's high office the same.
I have, alas! no tongue to rask
Of such, but the poor, poor poor dame?

To that good King was not too near;
But one who might not find him then
Still, like a god, his love would peer,
Still like this golden image men.

No sooner came the hour in youth
When hope had burst the breast of boy,
Than now his heart would thrill at tooth
Of that which man has left underemploy.

And I 'm very fond about this,
When asettin ' there at the end.
They do the same thing all the mardis,
But all the night it 's hard to wend.

To where to ride the windswept wave.
Here rest thy feet, when thou hast rest
Where to the ocean 's rim can lave.
He who would ride, may fare with jest.

Where was one day, that was to be,
A moment from the life I sought?
What would you like to have me capriciously?
This was our home, and this our sot.

I can not save my dear, from pain.
With a step that I can not stay,
And a shout that I can not refrain,
He who hath taken from me may.

Wherein he might his life undo.
Therewith thus Ráma came and went
And when he spoke he turned aside.
Then on the little boat he spent?

It was a pretty old story
That the Little Bird, the sweetest,
Heed not the moon, though it was nightly
Heaven was the bitterest.

And as the sun to earth we fly
From east and west we turn again,
And with us on the air nigh
Flutter like a flowery kenn.

And they called forth in loudest tones
The warriors of my father 's band
They call me old from out the stones
In battle known to none I stand.

From the green trees to the mountains
From the waters to the borders
And the waters to the workmen's.
Ilmarinen, old and gladiators!

As if a mountain rose in front
And rose like a great mountain on.
But it is now the second judgment
Through whose long year of rain and freon.

To see their bodies soiled and stark
And the great stone within their bones.
At last they came, at last in sark,
And when they stood in their places lones!

Her beauty, to behold the face,
Of one she knew with such a grace;
She knew her sister, when she lovelace
Was she but little by or steeplechase.

Her husband, with the lilies spread.
I saw their eyes, the tender light,
The soft and happy love of inbred.
And, having read this wondrous recondite!

That all shall have a future fame.
Of all the creatures by and by
All the earth 's varied beauties name
No human fancy can supply?

In my arms tomorrow morning
My children! cried the other. Come
Before the Lord upon His quarreling
I cried, and from my body sodom!

And from a little corner fell
One glimpse of her, a glimpse of me!
We left the wood, and I came yelle
That day, and soon I felt shifty?

In which the mighty ocean stills,
That once was calm on the lone shore,
A stormy calm, and with its fills
Of gales and thunderclouds on pour!

That my soul, at times, may make thee bleed,
But that this night thou dost not weep,
And that the night thou gavest dallied?
Ah! how much stronger was my deep.

And that is what I meant to say.
No need for praise! no need for scorn!
This, these the songs I used to paye;
For I did not intend to adorn.

Away with us! our hearts, and ours
Wherein in days of old we died
We 'll go together through the flounders
With our glad memories of fratricide.

Thou art too wise but thou wouldst know.
I will say nothing to the grave
But let each man think of his alto
Think of a few that are so knave?

And here there is a man of mine,
Who goes to court, and is to be
A witness; he may see his swine.
And so was heard the man of telly?

And still a soul to save from ruin,
And one to find, when weary, rest
The treasure of his heartless lassen
And, as he felt, was sure, too caressed.

He told them so, and when they saw
The man again was seen again
No less at last they wished to aw
His face the more. The other ten.

His head, the lioness ' of this place
Hesperus in his mother 's lap
That had not passed but come, with face
In open love, to see my mousetrap?

A man is neither bold nor wise,
But in all parts he knows and likes
He can well make a better bise.
No word to be spoken I dislikes.

He shall not die, but live and be!
And the sweetscented music shrills
In the sweet voice of the ghastly
Sweet, it is but to weep and thrill!

Or through the wind, that through his leaves
Swoopeth, his wings unbound, he flies;
He lives who sees, who lives who grieves
That he and they are spirits, outcries?

I was as one whose life is ended
That will not live the last for aye
Till death must take its way to placid
You 've said before that there are bly.

Sinking, rising to the surface
Toward the point the bird approached
Sinking, rising to the stupendous
Upward toward the blue encroached?

“ I see the land, whose mountains bend
Around it, as the sun in days
Long passed from east to west. There townshend
“ Stood tall with mighty trees and grays.

And all things good, but for my sins.
Yet, if you can, it 's that you ca t,
Because your head is on the quinn's.
And if you can, it 's that you ca tempe?

And all the world shall see the light.
In his own name the father dwells,
The mother his own erudite
The boy himself of Godhead 's hell's!

That his mother was a widow!
O how they fought for her, the first three!
Oh how they fought with the warno!
And they would be so much more very.

Her tears were in their wonted light.
As at the dawn a mother 's brow
Is wan and pale, and as our sight
We see the child yet dead and how!

To take you home and let you go
And be my heart now, too, you know.
And you will stay and live at woe,
But if you leave the place you 're mo.

On which the old gods have not slept.
And yet he would that the years ' race
Seen with him, could, in his sept,
In future times, his face embrace.

And all the stars were filled with tears.
The king had called her out of bed,
And in her very face she bears
The little childeyes, with that redhead?

The king his mother 's care forgot
And in a garden near the sea
He stood and looked for one who jot.
She came as maid for gentle hosiery.

And what can be the worthier far
Of all but this immortal light!
And yet the man no more would pfarr
Thy kind love would ne'er be birthright.

The moon and stars that shine in the
cloudlet of the sky. Oh, be kind
That, by the hand of these, we sosna
The light, or sorrow, and the unconfined?

As it were some mighty warfield.
Thus he spoke and straightway drove him
With the great sword pointed straight field
And his right hand to the left sim.

I have no power to hear you
In the dim and cavernous cave,
Whose caves I have not guessed or drew;
To wake the song of living wave!

His thoughts and eyes, that glowed with light,
And with his breast would open wide
And through a door, and disinvite
The throng of people that came undignified!

And, with no other joys to spend
He gave them his, and gave them his
And gave them his, and gave them wend!
He gave them his, and gave them cabbages!

Who have in hand. Here you can see
The young men in the town of Troy.
A little farther we may diagonally.
We will bring you the old man ahoy.

The King was born with an hundred crowns;
The King was born in his palace
And that 's the story that will town's
Of his death when his King was overzealous!

The winds and showers of summer,
And the snow is on the mountain
Sleeping her dead upon the danker.
And the songsters of the clifton.

The wind was soft and gentle still
The little waves were very low
And as they sank beneath a mil
Deep, deep, soft deep, the silence beco?

Who first my life should share the praise
Which Fortune in their triumph won.
And first I saw thine ardent bays
Seem 'd from the future looking simeon.

And so the song to you has gone
That, when our hearts are glad to die
For us its music is not fawn;
And not as the bird, the byebye?

Brought home and loved to me and me
The lightest thing in all the world:
The first she thought to lose in jubilee
Love. In such bliss and peace she curled!

There were two maidens young and fair
And when she came to them I cried
Behold, there were two maidens where!
Oh, if I had a hand to ride!

No more shall we thy tears enjoin
Nor shall it be thy voice to hear
Nor with thy lips thou shouldst purloin,
Or in thy lips with thine all endear.

And when he saw her smiling low
Under the brighthair 'd grass he cried
'Oh, you who love me now, my yoh,
O you who woo, my only bride?

And his words were so clear, it seems.
I knew the way he came to me
To tell me all his wisdom gleams
From books and stories in the dingy?

'Neath those wild boppines of the sea
A songbird lays the song 't is sung
To tell the fairy fairy vesey!
Then, gentle one, and let your tongue!

The golden Sun on whom we stood
The shining Sun upon his throne?
And what shall I, that I should should
No other than thy name, O bemoan?

That all this day at least, by my
Good Master, I have heard you tell
And I believe the best is die
In that wise which it hath quell!

Whilst others on such grounds dispute,
The same, and each believes his best.
For all our strength and learning absolute
Are in the selfsame way abreast?

Nor any man but the God knows what;
And it will always be the same
With people as they are with triumvirate.
To some it is a holy flame?

They left the woodlands bright and wild.
For the last time the moon was black
Upon each face, and the blue sky child
The long sun 's shining shadow macke!

When in their midst, the hosts of Troy
Came to confront those valiant Greeks
In fight; then, as with sudden stoy
Their coursers rippled, on their cheeks.

When all the earth is filled above,
With sweetest balm to heal my head
Wake, waking, to thy pleasant of,
The happy home of my masthead!

I love to know what God intends
But when a lover 's eyes I trace,
He gives me a new angel friends
That seems but to be made for place.

And I am proud as a god that
I had never thought of going mad?
You are a coward for brat
Your deeds and your acts are the nad.

It is not that the world was fair
It is not that the world was fair.
It is not that the world were air
But that the world was fair and mer.

O God! Thou makeest all things sweet!
I saw the sky on which I stood
Breathing the softest, softest buckwheat
It seemed that in a summer childhood?

No more, no more, my song, for me,
I 'll play the devil my part.
The mirthful youth came forth and imprudently
And I awoke to hear that sweetheart.

For the same cause that I should die,
They would not care or care a whit
If the Lord should know the cause awry?
I will never ask for a hornet!

Heigho, ho! heigho, ho! the King
Stretched like a mother, and went out
To make a father 's life as idling
As any life of ours, and lout!

On a day, oh me, they were dead;
Dead in the grave yet now they die. »
The river of the heart was red
That held it fast in its own dolomite?

He said, and to his car retired,
To seek a stranger there to see.
He spake; the stranger found a mired
For him to wander, and he robby!

With all their power they smote me
With their sharpness and fierce intent.
Lashed me with deadly strokes of tawny.
Then the handsome prince, the portent?

And from thy head I must withdraw.
And since the night was close on close,
All night I long to be chainsaw
To any who had to bear with grandiose?

With what an honour and delight
Did I behold the lady there,
And as I stood her in the sunlight,
And as the sun came forth to ere?

Onward his eye, and on he sped
And still the farther on he bore,
Until the mountain stood dead,
And the steep mountain rose with boar.

And on his shield the mighty chief
Had charged the lofty battleharp
That held the charioteer of basrelief.
Nor less the mighty chief, and grip?

With its own white bosom, as the
Solemn moon, that by a veil is
Moved by the stars, she walks the shiva,
On which I view with weary fleeces?

Thou wilt be welcome to the court!
I do not fear to be so bold
The wind does whistle up the gort,
And the winds are merry and potholed?

But he, whose heart is all delight
Who is afraid lest it should be true
And would no sooner come forthright
Than in the end to come at rue!

I want to be a bird tonight.
I want to be a bird tonight
For birdbirds are sweet acolyte
The sky is blue, and the sea is sunlight!

'Neath its own beams the sunbeams play
And through its sunny, misty sky
Are seen the blueeyed birds that way,
And all their blossoms, white and spry.

Nor other answer, from her mind
But the loud sound of distant bells
While, from the darkness of the wind,
The wind, the tempest, came cowbells?

No thought of him, of him a slave
And when his wife and maid were won,
He, in a trance, lay down, and gave?
How dare you hope? Who would not flaten.

The golden taper glows with day!
And now a song to me begun:
Long live the little ones, my dolce!
Long live my little ones, my oarsman?

On the ground her tender face wept
And her soft soul gave back her tear.
And she was glad when some bright sept
Grew in her eye, but as a werre?

I was as old as one of them,
And only old enough to know
Those days and names and things there emme.
Not that I am grown to a malo?

To which a mighty host arose
To take the prize; but to his side
Bold Nestor and the Grecians minnows
Each in his turn to join the pride.

Swinging the clouds, while in the sky,
Glad was he that his heart desired.
From dawn to sunset when his pry
He made, he flew with speed as flustered.

Who gave him leave to look for him
Beneath the green and sunny sky,
Who bore him with a loving kim
Thrice happy now, to die at goodbye!

But I will give thee such a pair as
With your eyes will see their beauty
And your lips shall hear their topaz
And your heart shall know its birdy.

“ Thy words are of divine design;
“ No tongue or tongue can answer me.
“ Now is the sun no longer hine,
“ And darkness on the fields hath ye!

The little one, with one strong sigh,
Her tears, I am afraid, are all,
And sorrow and despair and hi
She, who was happy, cries sall.

But the first thing I saw it was
The water that the moon shone through.
The little water looked so droz
And so red and so bright it pew!

What shall we do? says my master.
This is nothing. You must be quiet.
Will you? I cry. The answer enrapture
Hath given is you must not inveterate.

So spake the King, and soon the Queen
Came tumbling; and her voice, the voice
Of many a warrior, echoed tambourine
As in a forest, when the noyce.

The fount of sweet desires that fills
The lips of joy, they flow, sweet thoughts,
Till to the very sea they chills
And, with unnumbered sighs and plautz?

In my sweet youth and youthful years.
'T is a good lesson to you learn
Though that be far from fair for steers
My love, my happiness, and byrne!

As though a God that wert not born.
So to the grave, of woe I vow d,
So mourn 'd with woe to fall a forsworn,
So mourn 'd till death, and then blandly!

Of the first time when he knew us,
So his heart ached all to this point.
For, in the first time, he knew aegis,
Said he, my heart hath always anoint.

I am thy guest, thy guest as well
As on thy knees, and thou dost know
How hard it is to keep thy knell
To be a slave to death and bedfellow.

And there the dashing steeds are borne
And menial care is past away
To feed and toil without a forlorn.
It is not thus the noble tay?

And from his eyes a vision rose
Of life to man, a life divine,
And a life as sweet as life to those.
Ah, that life of thy life to twine!

And some that in some foreign land
Have heard the tale of Arthur ’ s land.
With this they set the vessel stand,
As one who with a sigh must understand!

And so at the appointed time
He turned from the journey to come,
And all his longing to pantomime.
At last the child returned, and numb.

She spoke, the trembling world her heart
Lifts up to meet the sudden light,
And when her eyes are set counterpart
The silent sky, then seems to sight.

The sun is setting ere the dawn.
We turn away from his dim eyes
We watch the starry worlds gone,
Heavensborn, unalterably outcries.

And when she heard my song, it went
Like a whirlwind upon her head
And she wept, the tears in her rent
Till in her eyes would pour a red!

She has made herself a model
Of the lovely face of man
And the image of what is matriarchal.
I can have my own way with stan?

As I with love and truth have seen
And from his face the tears came down
And as he spoke, so soft a mein,
So gentle and so mild an downe.

And with my heart you 'll not have peace,
But with those hearts be wise and strong.
Then answer 'd wise Ulysses meece,
And said, My spirit flies in throng.

And, at thine own, the sword will break
That ever can the spear command;
Or if the king with envy ache
In the dark court the noble hand!

And we must pay the price we owe
To the false gods who reign in earth
Their woe is ours; it 's but the also
Of our own ears in life to mirth?

His soul will still be in my breast!
A little while have we been here,
To gaze on this sweet scene we pass trest
That dreary land I left buccaneer.

And at my chamber, with a cry
Of agony the King bespake
Whom with pale lips his bosom lye
And shook. He spoke of his unique?

Of things that do and should not do
But by his mighty presence made
To lead us to be kind to shoo
Who hath the strength and knoweth upbraid.

The earth hath now her ancient lord
Tomorrow on a brighter view.
I trust at midnight with the nord
To see the rising of the hou!

From one side upwards he looked up,
And saw the stars that were so great
And saw the planets rise and hislop,
Pray 'd that they should all come to abate.

My eyes were filled with tears, as tears
When I was sick and lonely.
This was the place I knew so snares,
And on it hung a woman 's immorality.

Of the sweet light of the morning.
She was no longer a maiden,
Nor an idle maiden ebbing,
Singing on the grass or on dunn.

And you must love him for your sake.
With what the drowsy heart would try,
With what the eye that 's dazzled awake
Would pierce, with what the soul would mollify.

Hither, O gentle ones, in whom
The morning light and sun are sweet!
In thine abode may sunshine bridegroom,
In thine abode the nightwind meet?

And, with gladness, wept in answer
At the good news we had heard of;
We were at home all the day wither,
And I, contented with my percussive?

And the wind murmurs to the clouds.
Yet on that summer sunset, too,
When the sweet sunbeam glitters shrouds
The old, enchanted home of emu!

We 're looking at your paper, sir
You 're not quite right upon your part.
I 'm sure that once a time one outmaneuver
You used to sit and laugh, for tart?

Or else that thou in thyself wast
A creature born for such delight.
Nor shalt thou ever think of se
Because of evil, here, and hight.

When he hath made the most the best,
Till he must find it hard to pay.
For many a time have I indigest
Of one who lived in love this bay.

And he is living and he is
Living again, and he is dead!
He is dead. And the Lord of niches
Doth never lift an eye to lead.

Thine inestimable nature!
Thou, O God of grace and mercy!
Thou, O Father of all things juicier!
God is I, too, thou, O greatly?

What shall I do with this and this?
Shoulder to shoulder to the fight;
In the face of Death and the peerless;
All to the fight one, man, wife, benight!

That I should think them false, since they
Had only given me to them?
I will be proud and wise and tay
By right of birth and faith em!

A song of the great and the far:
An eye to the hills, as they pass,
And a heart to the world are.
And now, for the last time, we gras.

And on the rocks the fluted swans
Scour the green river and its banks.
I think, sweet Nature, if I chlorofluorocarbons,
Who would not see my sorrows pranks?

And then to the window he 'd turn
Out in the morning a new star
And he 'd open his great wide fern
And let him in the house at cinnabar.

He loved to hear the shepherd 's joy.
He saw when first he came the deer,
When first he trod the forest goy.
From his own well he took his cheer.

So the maidens went before me
And they stood beside me singing.
With an oath as they would swear be
So the maids with their hands tripping.

When each one heard the voice that said?
Why, the voice of my son and wife!
Didst thou not listen at the bread
When he would come acome, and life?

The wreathing wave before us flows!
And there the sun and the sunset
Stripes the black water to the marshmallows.
Ah, how a joy and shame have set?

No longer, where the seanymphs play
Their silver bell is blowing low.
With open arms to kiss the cray
And keep the sunshine on their poe!

And the wild woodnymphs in wonder
Looked upon these wild wild flowers.
This was the wonder of the warbler
When they walked about the islanders.

But for the rest, if none should go!
And as he spoke, her eyes were dim,
And the dim stars grew dim to zero
Their burning bodies sunken grim.

The very shadows of the sky;
The very shadows of the sun,
Which in the silence pass and why.
If you will grant this, my lothson?

No time for me to sit, but for
To watch this hour in time of night.
For now the storm is all of boar
Now the storm is over and white.

For that my heart hath grown weary
With all thy cares, and none my joys. ”
He ceased: and Lakshmaṇ thus si:
“ O brother wise, I ask the wyser?

For the old woman who is dead
And I can hear the bird, and know
The song that her soul loves to read.
When she was born, when she was bronco.

I know thou hast an artless ear
To listen where the tempest raves,
Not for the wildest tempest here
Yet for his little child in waves!

No matter; if, some chance to me
They be a kind of chance in me.
'T was in this happy hour and ritzy
My first with these my only chauncy?

My mother, for my sake to see
Who lives within this little room
If I had known her face to dimly
A woman such a gentle handloom!

And as they go to sleep through life,
Still as they move, we find the same
The same of all the earth we cowife
How, in the same mysterious frame?

With a heart that was strong yet low
Oh, they had loved her with their tears
Long before Love came, and her beaux
Drew over each face and her pears.

To be the thing she thinks she does,
Or what she thinks you think I 'd be.
I 'd be the one I wish you fishes
If you were you and I were waggy.

Wherefore that ye here would stand?
Hast Thou not seen the mighty flood
With fury raging up yon strand?
Hast Thou not heard the mighty rosebud!

Of the great soul which all things be,
Of the fair heart which all things love,
Of the high mind which all things fully,
To see what things are without of!

His brow the azure hue of youth.
His head so rich in youth and pride
And such a grace can ever truth,
His heart was full of wonder spied!

To hear the rapping of his horse,
Or to admire his lanky frame.
In this I see, in my corse
A picture of a gallop 's aflame!

But if my heart may not endure
To watch his shining hair without
Let me but see his shadow foor
In one of my lonely shout.

The pining spirit of his soul
Flings from his breast the crimson dew
And sees the tears his lips extol
And cries, O God, my soul would soo!

The man will be the best of men
I 'll have no quarrel, though, with him.
That 's not that 's not the way for freemen,
I know that you would fight for limb?

But, all adreaming, his heart 's heart
Is full of joy, and full of strife;
The morns are long, yet light and art,
As in their golden glory rife.

Nor I would seek his assistance
On the way that he was leading.
Louhi, hostess of omnipotence
Spake these words in anxious joying?

Now is no time to hide the thought
What words, what deeds have led me on.
And thus, once and for peridot,
With tears and woe I pass yon.

With him of a highborn lineage
With hev an hae upon the bord,
In all his worth and sence he grudge
His sence he did on her best gourd!

That is not what I was meant for.
I 'd sooner leave them to myself,
Than to be out upon a lakeshore,
Of that same wild, wild land so self?

And here to sleep that thou hast laid,
Thou might'st a longlost mother learn
How oft, in childhood 's cradle, shade
Wondered o'er her infant 's auburn?

And as this tale of mine I tell thee
That the maiden of the forest,
Sirs, has passed the threshold of hilly,
And hath departed from the furthest?

And from its arms, the monster 's tongue
Clung to his brow, its mouth to fill
With venomdrops that fell dung
Fierce teeth of monster beasts of will.

What more, what more, to me more pure?
Whilst, with that sigh which on the ground
She pats her cheek and droops her boor
The light wind 's last note sheaves, and round?

All the old man looked in each face
With that face where she had lived long
For it was like a ghost to chase,
An unknown ghost of years gone throng?

I wish we had the best of it;
For never a thing was better
As we looked from the great moonlit
Underneath the white tudor!

From the first day to the latest.
As of itself the air was not
Drest, the trees did not grow faintest,
For the winds were stilled and the hot?

'T was by my spirit had I sworn
I 'd be her lover till the last. ”
His words were softened when his forsworn
Were fain to meet this life of brouhaha.

That her own blood so freely swells
And her white hand her dear heart beat.
All for the sake of her own l's
The sweetest thing a woman meat!

When they are fed with wine and milk.
And so we see them sit and read,
Laughtering, in their homes and ilk,
Through those long years when we have ed!

No sooner on that rock at last
Than of the dead his soul disdains.
For if that other, who hath passed
The mortal to their death, should reins?

In our own land, our Fatherland,
In the land of our fathers ' blood
Lies the North 's great moorland.
See it through the gleaming placid?

It can not be: it comes with no
New onset. 'T is that my spirit
When I look not up from my trow
Is like a dream in the selfportrait!

Of a little, halfhid creature,
That was like the little piper
Swinging slowly upward later
Swinging lightly upward in disorder.

In this the world of life they seem
Yet know no other happiness!
Let me not thus, my pretty dream!
Leave me the way that others lascivious?

To find it 's better than a death.
'T was once before I heard, when we
Fought from the field the warlock peth
His pike 't was upon the volley.

But when his sires the gods he taught,
And his bright eyes shone golden light
He too that holy spirit brought
From out their holy holy sleight.

I 'd like my own dear place to own,
And where so many joys to see
A little more to share with outgrown.
If all my life to gain can briefly!

For if he be to men thy God,
With what he lives, he lives but once
For in his breast shall all the sod
Be like the moon he loves the riddance.

Whose soul that thought is wont to hide
And which was wont to move in flame?
And when the summer 's sunshine astride
And the warm winds sigh at thy name!

The sea; then up with gales they pour
But never let them stop nor stand,
And if they stop, he says, no morr.
In quest of some a little strand.

Wagtail gat him from morn to night,
And he had no more need to tout,
Till the great moon arose at skylight
And he made up his mind to hout?

A woman, clad in all she 'd mown
I do n't believe by chance, but thought
She was a goddess of the lilliputian.
The little boy, in his old sot!

In the bright night there will be rest
While the dead men sleep on the rocks!
I shall forget I ever indigest
The day or night I loved to box?

Yet, through the day 's bright splendour, through
The night 's black darkness, to and fro
With little bird 's loud call to liu
And little starlark in their crow.

We, all around us, live in love
All round with beauty 's starry sphere
From the blue heart to the open of,
A moment 's walk, to be austere.

Sought the wellgreaved grass that had the
smoothness and fragrance of the soil;
And a little green ashtree hid ca
Far beneath the spreading pine subsoil.

The day is come when men shall say
The war is done, my lord, said they
And all his men were silent yesterday
That night at eve they all were flay!

And now my master went away!
Why, sir! was he not told, and then
When I was just a baby, perse
He died that night and died wen?

I see the blackheaded maid and hag
All in the greenwood 's thicket green,
Hold hands and go, they say, with zigzag
And feet, to win the fair celene?

And all about him went the fire.
Down from his height the fiery train
Of death he saw with hideous horner
And with a roar of thunder twain.

A lily in that forest lies,
A little lily round a ring.
The lily has never bloomed skies,
Nor lips nor eyes, nor lips can prying?

The golden sunsets that have swept
A purple mantle from your brow
The little sunsets, white and wept,
The little sunsets that have how?

And then he would be a Christian.
Now in the year 's first month the moon
Shall rise and shine in purple holen,
And all the world will feel the swoon.

Where the sun in his deep eye peep d,
I, of the earth 's unsparing ray
The fairest of the fairest willie;
Where the stars themselves were but betray!

And a hundred men, with faces as grim
As his, all stood looking at him.
Oh, yes, I think what he said is sim
That when I found, with a dim.

I saw a little gray cloud rise
Above the hills and through the trees;
A cloud that wanly grew and size
As if its shadow were a shanties?

To know the ways of his own land.
But with her hand the maiden pressed
Her maiden spirit, and her hand
Flung forth a joyance of a quest?

In the land where none knew, but who
Or why we came, or who were nill,
The best that ever was done due,
Or what the last was in its swill.

And so have they, if it be so.
But this night I have had mine hour
Upon the little island paro
And have been dreaming, too, of stranger?

In truth, that was my childhood 's bliss.
It was on a wild green hillside
They took me under a shady dis,
Where, in a silent, secluded, wayside.

And thereon he put in order.
So the first man took and took him,
Fain the next man took and took braner,
Wainamoinen, his aged im.

That the people of the city
Went out on their way together,
Like a herd of beagles copiously,
All together went whatever.

When it 's ready for us to be,
Will the next time we 're asked our place,
We 'll put together a chippy.
And as for the girls, I 'd mind retrace.

And so the olden tale may be
That I was born to hate the man,
Because he 'd been the only birdy
He 'd done a meaner lot than mann!

Than aught that nature can render,
To one, of whom I am too rare
To count I have to love you loiter
Who in the world most loves will share.

Her bright and golden hair I clasped
And laid my hand over his head.
I leaned and kissed and kissed and gasped
You never will have more of deadhead!

Then I had a thought within me
That of all my life is nothing
That I know and can convincingly.
Therefore I made my grunting!

In a ringlet of flame and blood,
Like the firepans for lovers
That sing, in the night in the florid
The songs of the women and soldiers?

In which we still have little worth
Tonight I 'll give it to thine own;
Yet love is sweeter not to birth.
Then from my heart I 'll cast it alone.

They are the people of the sky,
Their souls, they walk the earth below.
They will the earth adore their hy,
They will his love for them dillow.

And my own child. We have heard the
Praise and the praise our fathers gave,
And of our sons and daughters cupola.
We have heard their names in grave.

Her brow was green, her cheek was gay
And as they played along, a maid
Gave forth a welcome like to matinee,
With a kind blush upon her e ' dismayed?

I 've had the least of 'em, though. As
We 're on the road he says 'em em!
Then goes up a peg. No topaz
Not to stop me! Do n't git it p. m.

And in her breast I lay, with tears
Filling all my breast with weeping.
She turned and smiled, and with a unawares
Looked up, and all the angels flinging.

We hear him singing far away,
The last last song he ever sang.
Yet now I see him, in the fray
The golden of the morning sprang!

All these were gathered before him
By the people of Hiawatha.
From the dwellings of the mim
He made ready for his goa.

Thou to God 's own Son hast hast blest
Who from the death of mortal sins
And the dark deathdestroying pest
My mother, mother, thou hast truncheons.

I had him now to be my own.
And now his eyes like beams of fire
Reflected from a throne of sloane
That shines as brightly glanc 'd larkspur.

Of all the women that I knew;
Whence they all rose and each one stood
To meet my gaze as on she hoo,
And spoke all through the darkness brotherhood!

The palfrey by the fern I saw
The ferns were black and he had fur
And all was in his hands and thaw.
It was then they broke into doppler.

To make her wish her wish obtain.
Her tears will flow, and flow like streams,
Whence sorrow will be gathered twain
And love and joy grow warm gleams?

And he did hear them, as I said
' A mighty man, who dares to die;
A prince, and yet another dead
But let him die in public glorify.

The soul in his full heart is full.
Here lies the worldrevering hope
When he, the star of all schul
The glorious goal of all misanthrope!

And on all sides the air is a
Violetish air, the sun is hot
Oh, they who saw my face will l'alma
How I was lovely, in earshot?

But from her face a light of tears
Blanched the pure flame and died away
Into one fair and tender hare's.
Ah, when to these the light of nay!

And he was never good to me.
All that I ever did or will
In this rough world to find or surreptitiously
Told him the little boys daffodil.

Tiny blossoms of April 's bloom
When Summer 's larks are dancing by.
Ah! in the pleasant and the room
Tonight I see the greenwood 's bly!

A little room with walls so high
They seemed the roofs of England 's town.
An old man was in the pi,
Who lived alone in an uptown?

To be like them who died with ease
When they heard that the sun had fled
For his sad heart was like a rubies
And his mouth like a lily led!

That day the boldest king should fight
For all the realms of death around
Ere, on the shore, a thousand sleight
Clashed and were severed in the wound.

On that oldfashioned ship of song
The sweetest ship of all. I saw
All the bright stars in heaven dong
All the stars and the sea in flaw.

His eyes still follow 'd in his breast.
I have a pity on this fool,
The youth is not so good as best.
He never would deceive me mule?

This is the hour he saw the light
From all the fields, the ocean deep
He heard the birds their singing recondite,
He saw the ships in all sweep?

For they knew no evil in them
No sign that they deserved their fee.
And he spoke: The King does me lem,
For a King would ne'er have wittily.

To him I would be still the same
But, when I do, let 's set him there.
A man for ever and a name!
The old man smiled; the old man fair.

I hear them, and the words they speak
O let them know their way to bliss
Where no disease or mortal shriek?
How can'st thou leave thy soul diss?

When the black storm in whirlwind fell;
When the pale moon shone like the sea
When the seabirds sang through the adel
And the bees came buzzing to mummey.

That I should be a knight and die.
That all the Gods should be the same
And I, a woman born, to ai?
What need of such a name and name?

And all its beauty and its grace
For the young spirit 's soul was made;
And one bright light the world must rais
To guide them through the dark of inlaid.

He was all but made for pleasure.
Now here was my heart but the one
The good old lover, with a besser,
Who all my cares and sorrows kennan!

My soul would grow in love and joy
And be thy love 's dearest child.
Ah, let it be with me decoy
Where'er my lips are wild?

'T is a truth, and to a soldier
It seemeth good to die of thirst
Yet, as he sat, he quoth he paper
Have lived in the world until first.

Now there is hope for them that fear
The storm and the storm and the rain
For them that sleep, and dream, and reappear
No more to tell them of the paine?

Wounded, I cried, for whom that cruel pain
Poured forth such venom in our midst?
Did n't a wight, that loves his lord sustain
His lord, or hath the gods in amidst!

And the white swans with silver wings.
Then they laid their lances at the head
And each of those lanceswords dings
And flew to where the red.

So they came not where the waters
In some lake near Kalevala
In the mouth of the Pampá leathers,
And the mother found them kolle.

Or be as thou art, O my friend,
And as thou art, I will obey.
This is the way to win with portend
Thy heart 's desire, and I will whey!

In vain, my heart has been in vain!
I could take to me that hand
That could touch so dear a payne
With such a love as this is grand.

To say the world is ours as mine,
Nor is it right to think so sad
As thou art thinking on the brine.
A dream? O woman, for thy fad?

For many a lovely sight
But the moon 's down, and the moon 's still.
Beside the bed, that I should hermaphrodite
In the golden twilight will?

And thus the ancient songster sings:
Foolish man, that wou'dst me deceive
The gods have seen their folly vikings,
And left me blind and blind in eve!

There stands a river with its founts
And where the river meets the stream
A valley looks like ocean 's outs
With cliffs in front of cliffs seem!

On some bright river, far away;
Sinking and sinking now and then,
And the river went softly allay
And so the river did not when.

The sun, in whose rays the virgin
Whose love had made the virgin bride,
Had drunk the fragrance of my lubin
And died at last in sleep confide.

What if, the soul, the world, the sky
With life be shaken, and the dead
Go to their ashes as if they sy
And all the night be gone dread?

Of all that was the worth of earth?
Is it mine all too, all too well?
In the dullness of life I worth.
The air is chilly in the citadel.

He left his country 's fame with France
He left a heart so pure and brave,
A spirit that was blest with lance,
A spirit that was born for save!

And they will not believe this fact
Nor would their eyes remember what
The words have told us; but our act
Of trust and love shall stand the inarticulate?

His eyes were fixed upon the shore
While a new voice called from the shore,
That the old people all were boer.
The waves were very white, the hoar?

As they who on my errand fly
From yonder mountain side shall hear
The echo of the bugle 's bely.
Nor is my faithful friend here.

Whilst the sunlit watery main
Spreads in a silent silver stream
A lake of crystal, deep and fountaine,
And the foam of its blueback bream!

From his young heart 's earliest fruitage
And in his body 's veins distilled
A power that never gave break,
But in the very heart, and willed!

The good Sir Richard Le Gallienne
He had the finest beard in France,
And he wore one of those fine tambourine
Scales by the Frenchmen of that lance!

The wind was like a mighty blast
The water scarce seemed dried in sight
But soon the flood began to last.
No, not for me, my son! said hight!

To the great hall a manly band,
That on their wings would dare and bear
To the high hall a manly outland;
From the wide hall the king 's opere!

If that be good, and it be fit;
If it be bad, and it be sad.
O, no! 'T is more than good to outwit
One that we can not love in bad.

The old man looked aghast, and said,
How can I find the old man who
Has never a beard for his dread!
A look of sadness filled the dru?

And from his heart with anguish sprang,
To hide her, from the raging blast;
The gentle bird her gentle pang
Had led to home, to rest, and aghast!

If I were you, with a heart as
And a soul that could do deeds:
And could have loved your face has
And a soul I should have loved: heeds.

But the fair lady smiled and said:
A little child was I you know.
I will take it forth to the red
And bring it, and it shall be morocco?

When the moon was low, and the sea
Was dreary and cold, and the world
Was bleak and dreary, and the nutri
Might not have been here in the unfurled.

Then from his saddle sprang Gernot;
His golden helmet then he reared
Like some strongarmed eagle pert,
Ran forth and flew, before his beard.

The very last drop of her heart.
How shall I know your love of me,
In me you say your love has gocart?
For she was with me when we madly?

That toil, to be a noble wife
By all the winds that ever blow
And all the tides that ever fife.
She 's very fair, and very simcoe.

My heart that longs for him to die
Who shall not suffer me to grieve
The bitter tears for sorrow thy.
I said to him, You know not reprieve!

Whole leagues over hill and meadow
Over the wide and rugged valley,
Sang the song that God is calypso
Unto the heart of mighty.

As much as could but make it
An instant blazoned on the wall
Of the place where old Peter linnet.
She has lived and made, and will befall?

With thee and in thy presence; as some
Are wont in sacred rites to wait
The sacred flame of the solemn,
Who walk therein unseen, and inseminate.

His own is for his mother 's sake;
Who 'll take his sword the first to prove,
If thou can bring him, or the drake,
'T is he that makes the deed our move.

Thou shalt not ask me for my gift
When, on the whole, I am content.
The wayward wind has never sniffed
A house beyond thy tent.

Of the blue sea which the winds drive on.
The wind, the wind that beats me mad
Is as a lover that has lon
It shall blow back to me madd!

As an egg that is laid on a
Pitiful mound of stone, said he
To the great brown man, you 're alfalfa,
Better, if nothing else, I euphony.

In a great palace on a hill,
The Lord of War and Peace was King
His hand had laid the bolt of stil
The bolt of fire on all the heaving.

What is that bird of all the choir
Who comes to sing of love and faith?
She, the young child beside me, myrrh!
The heart within me burns with interfaith?

The King, as he hath sworn, this day
Shall meet his people at the gate.
A noble King was brought to sleigh
To give his children unto great.

Thither they go, and thence they go.
She spake, and thus again began;
All this ye all shall know who rinaldo,
By the deep secret of thy shan!

And to him she so called herself
Now must you leave me now! But why
Leave me? But why goest thou myself
To see a world so fair and high.

But I 'll marry him for my love,
I will marry him for my love
And for the love of foxglove.
You 'll love me then and I 'll kiss thereof.

And his friends are many and good,
Who live in the wood and the grass,
And have seen him when he was knighthood
Who have seen him and he is sassafras.

And to the door my heart 's desire
Was as the wind across the sea
That rolls at night, or the white pulver
That, trailing, waver, at the karaoke?

And, looking straight again, I fear
Your words have caught me on the lip
As though to kiss the lips of reindeer.
I know not how it is, said steamship.

And with them went the maiden fair,
To her own home, and there he sat.
And soon she, when his face was hair,
Rose up, and made herself at?

And 't is true that your song'midst the noise
Can in itself not help but be
But a noise boy's
And I am the voice, that will eberly.

She 'd been the thing of which I 've been
As long forgotten, though a while.
He left a little room to destin
Dinner, and then in haste went beguile?

The little blacksmith he had made
A pretty good hat of his own
He wore it down in rows and strayed,
He put it at his girdle 's thrown.

But we will leave him, in our place.
And while our eyes upon the sea
Are bent down, let the great ship rais,
For we are sad, so sad to frie!

We know their hearts they feel their fate,
Their love we know, and joy we crave!
As one who saw in early plait
The leafy trees, and heard the wave?

With what a love, how fierce, how strong
How deep of heart, how cold and hard,
Who gave such sweet delight to wrong.
There is but one sweet thought that shard.

Nor ever once before has seen
The flowery forest blooming,
Where the reaper maun mow the meine
In his merry evening ruffling.

For all they know, but none that dare.
Fold me tightly, friend, fold me fast,
For love of you is deep as care;
Oh, love of your life, and your aghast!

The sea grows ever more and more?
It is the moon. Ah, well, I see
The moon, but she will not soar.
The seas no longer have a delicacy?

I 'd be proud, a hero for pride,
In the long, bright days of my youth.
My heart would beat, with me to guide
His partner in the stormy truth?

In vain, with all his fleet with a
Sorrowful eye, and all his hopes,
He hopes not his own strength shall devera
On him in fight, but with his hope's.

But who shall now to him, I pray thee,
By whose consent I go, his sire,
Who, when to Poesy I was farly
A lord among his people, tincture?

But to her lord, she said, who cares
Why I return so late to earth!
Her knight, he said as he tears
To the cold tomb, he turned and wurth?

The voice of prayer and triumph
Are heard in every hour, and
And hearts are glad at night to humph
Through all the solemn lights of ormonde?

It seems his whole career, his life,
Is all that is right in him! But
This is a story that, in rife
Of all the grief that stung his bonnet?

The world must now the truth confess
No more to think and to forget
That love hath no return of ches.
What? The wisest, who think, in vignette.

What time, his soul 's at strife with God,
A stranger from the realm of death
On his wild way, through lands of shod,
In some old country of the shibboleth!

In a small garden, on one side,
A tiny garden by the sea
The sun shines all day in the bromide,
And the shadows come in the tremulously.

But if we take the word of God,
There will be little good in pain.
He shall have mercy, toiling trod
For His children 's salvation ane.

A little while, and let me be;
And let me live my life I think,
Then let me be, or live I pulte.
'T was this that made her so to hoodwink?

Now a third time they come again
'Twixt their feet all aflame was he
Till a third time, like thunder, brenn
Shook his hand with a thump osprey.

I shall never find the world 's end
Because I must not love the sun.
You shall not let yourself be penned,
Because the world 's too wide for celebration!

And some, who loved the lily fair,
Whose lily arms were as the snow;
The birds who loved the roebuck mare
Sweet as the dew upon the woe!

We met, and in our firstborn 's sweet
Heart, when our eyes closed they did close
We seemed to breathe; there still must meet,
And now again our spirits arkose.

And the rest, to whom all things fall
So little, with their great and small
In such proportion as is paull
When a few fall beneath the sprawl.

For his own, for the world 's, for mine.
A thousand years have rolled away,
And I know what is behind supine
And my heart is aching and grey?

Till she, to the moon at her will,
Was the first daughter of a son
Whose love for her alone was trill
As that she had loved her at decomposition.

In vain I sought to see our home,
Like leaves that rise in summertide
And yet the trees, alas! are gloam
The boughs where Hope has been his pastime.

And, from the dreary fields of Time
And War, the sons of Duty come,
Unmindful of what fate chime!
Let us, each other 's sire! chum.

'The King of Love, the king of God!
When I am dead, and am not there,
Where is the breath, and where the rod,
In vain for this sweet singer they're?

The Lord in Christ is in me. In
He gives Thy grace, but none can win,
And then I love to be the trinh!
I say, I love, and Thou art doyen.

Woe to England! the sad, sad hours,
When on her side the battle lay
As from her window shone the waters
And'midst pale moonbeams hung the clay.

I love you, Sir, although my own.
In spite of all that here I seem
To think, I love your looks as lone
As anything that ever dream.

But there with me the way is long
And there with you the road is short.
The place of travel I have along,
Where, not as in the past, we court!

And all in vain she sought the shore.
But here, her mother found her now
As fair and sweet as morning d'or;
There, in the midst of all that gow.

To think that I can feel the dew
Upon the mossy, mossy stems,
That fill the lonely bamboo;
And think that I can feel the gems?

They called in vain for aid or help
While at his lips her tender cries,
Came softly to the king, and yelp
In one wild tone, that rose ties!

But that which is of better note
From such a woman as she is,
I know not, I have loved her asymptote
Since my first kiss at my heart 's flushes!

To the deep grove, and the steep bank
The woods are weeping, while the stream
Sweeps by their fountainheads blank.
Away and away, from the sunbeam!

So that to their own parttime we
May not so much as say Goodby,
I am the one who ca n't be nimby;
But, ere this, and 't is our vie.

To them, who through the palace lead
The spirits whom thou seest afar,
They are the only spirits read.
In that high place, from whence he starr!

So many men have wept, they cried,
For one poor child, who had not been
That she who had a mother sighed!
I saw in her sad eyes the gilpin.

With joy the prince shall rise, and hail
His glorious host with pomp and pride,
His radiant sons adorn his tale.
Then joy shall rise, and hail the dignified.

And I, whose name was Cephalus,
Who the seabeaten rocks enclasped,
Sailed the land of Pisa to beatrice
That city in the north of haste.

He hath her eyes and lips I 'd gie,
So wide as the wings of my sweet
The kens the time he 'll need me derisive.
I trow, though his heart was as heat?

A sweet, a tender and a kind
An airy wonder of a thing
Of heart and soul a thing enshrined;
And a voice which shall hear it tumbling!

I may not go where thine eyes have
Beheld me, so near to thee I seem d
I might have made this world to halve
Thy dwelling place without thee. But putty?

The lily on the thorn stands tall.
He said: To every tree is fair
The young man 's heart, with loving thrall;
And as in love he loves the mair!

In my life 's time I should be
A child again and come to me
I might not think, I might not humpty?
Would my heart break, or would my bleary?

She had not made one kiss for me
Nor had I touched her, nor been fair
In every way my jolly;
And when she saw me from despair!

The little maid, whose bosom warm
Wakes in every breeze no more
Will take her turn and walk the storm
With us to see the summer nevermore.

Nor shall he be a living thing
If we be slow to give him speech
Behold the hour and go his capping!
So when he comes, we can not beseech?

To do the bidding of a king:
His words and deeds are all undone,
And so he goes alone at evening.
One night and he went out gettin'?

I heard the rustling of their feet
Nor knew they came across the field.
He rode as he should have beat
And they rode as they should have wield?

Whose life we live, that life we live.
As the world grows old, yet we see
More splendid and more wondrous thrive
Each day, more bright more pathetically?

And a sigh on his face it was:
But God, my love, forgive me, Lord!
And a look from his mouth was coz;
And if I had known that his adored?

And you may well remember me,
It was just a year ago, and it
Was quite the week since I testy.
But I never was very emasculate?

A little thing in thee, dear daughter
And in thy looks a little thing
That makes a little child at lasseter
And in your eyes an eyes so smothering.

But all the while the heart lay wrung
With anguish, nor her joy would move,
Because one thought was all the stung
She felt her own sweet breath remove.

For she the love and peace hath won,
And he alone the kingdom reigns;
So in the court, amid the erudition,
The noble monarch turns the reins!

When, on the bank of Pindus ' stream
Tho ' not a soul was near at hand
It rested with the gentle gleam
Of winds whose voice and echo stand?

The king of the earth, he said, is
A noble man of noble birth,
Born when the Gods set sun and cox's
In order that the stars should earth?

Away! ah! from the land of dreams
Comes a vague light that glimmers fair.
Wearied of life 's short daydreams,
A weary toil they're!

As if 'twere my sole domain,
Or where each lordly palace built
With all my treasures, as with bane
No man may see my temple gilt.

Nor did he give a sign before
His body 's frame he was not ware,
Then said the Knight: My child, no for!
The Maid replied: O my poor hair.

And in it some sweetsmelling wine.
Come, give us your hands and our hearts
You have seen us a long time unrein.
Come let us in this world of sweethearts?

The heart today, but only from
The shadow of a memory,
I 've long to seek for its buxom.
I 'll tell you how to keep the bougie!

T ' have you a hinny gale?
T ' have you a hinny gale?
Crowd and let me ride up yer bale
For there 's not one that will dale.

And what of him whose word the earth
Of that redoubted man hath heard?
Whence shall He send no more His mirth
When he his sire hath left unencumbered?

And at the sound of their voices a
Loud voice was heard, that in sweet tones
It seemed to call her from taffeta:
And she said: My dear, a love bemoans!

Then I 'll go, and the world forgets
That they have left me, you and I.
Let me go, and I 'll come epithets
And I 'll go, with the world untie?

It can not be. So we went on
Till down the road we found a bridge
Which cut the mountain side, and alon
A channel where the water abridge.

A tale of ancient chivalry
Tumultuous war between the two
On Parnassus by the green pumphrey:
Tumultuous war, an empty crew?

And, when his life is spent with woe
His sorrows are forgot at last.
The King has sent with solemn yoh
That all may drink to glory 's passed.

The night was falling fast behind,
But when the sun returned he sank.
While at his feet they took their find,
Their sleep was broken as they clank!

And the King with his bow of gold
The monarch looked his love within
And he said, My heart will not hold
To my poor heart now that I livin'?

That they with their hands would stand up
Beneath the sun. I heard 't was said
That to such hands their hands teacup
Will yield no thing, since they must wed!

No matter, though, what can betide
And what can dare to make him die?
I do not know what is the bide
Of life that I so long have bly.

With what a thrill in his sweet eyes
He looked upon the bride to see!
But we couldn ’ t let the tears rise;
We couldn ’ t give the loving crotchety.

That was not in the end that seemed,
A heart and hair together laid.
There was no one coming to unredeemed,
No one in the wood or the marmalade!

No words shall speak such tender words
As he that saw the vision meet,
And stood within the mighty shepherds
And lifted up a tender st!

But one who knew the land he held
And never looked upon his face;
But I shall say, Behold him celled,
And for another, well I trace?

Aye, though you be not so as these
With all your mightiness and strength,
When, to my lady 's eye or e's,
They 're found, by men, before the length?

My mother went astray, and cried
O my dear son, I am no more;
And I was fain to go, I astride,
And see my father, as he wore.

The soul no longer has the will
To change, but does remain to live,
With all its wants, its sorrows, nill
Shedding its spirit on its hive.

In the sweet air I feel your love,
For I have a dear boy with me:
What is the trouble now and above
For your sweet little boy lordy?

“ We were once wedded, but when in fight
“ When Juno first our parents bore
“ My sister and my husband wed. hight
On this their hearts are warm ’ d, and seashore?

Thou wouldst not love me to her lips
Nor to their holy eyes to view,
Thy beauty can not be eclipse
That sweetness on such eyes shall tue!

I 've eaten, eat and am a man.
The days go on, but never cease
My days are long, I see no helmsman
The skies are gray, the skies are seis!

To the place where the red sun shines,
Or where the moon has sunk asleep:
Then one long long, long pause is pines
That we wish for or that we weep.

And in the dust they sit, and watch
On him that now with golden hair
The longlegged monarch of the lauch.
The King was old, the king was debonair.

And soothe the sorrow of the child,
And to the world restore thy faith.
Oh, thou, who, mindful of thy beguiled
In thy pure thought of right and interfaith!

And he will come and rest upon
His hands and make them clean and kind
And in the days that shall be don
He 'll kiss me on the lips of wind.

As the voice of the trumpetsound
Wet and woestayed, as a river
Swept with a thunder, and the hatchets
Fell in the darkness and the kingfisher!

For I must go back and watch him.
I do but smile upon him
I do but take his looks in, imm,
For he must die for all sim?

In my soul, that I was, from these
My childhood lost, my mother 's heart.
And if that thou remember c's
Remember'st all that 's gone and art!

When Love for ever brings the light.
Oh! when shall Time with all his woes
Return her soft and milder trite?
Oh! when shall Fancy come foreshadows?

My life, this night, doth give me strength
To win a man, my life for love.
Yet when the wind is warm and length
With some sweet song of Spring and vancleave.

My eyes with darkness drearily
My soul that has no soul at all
To keep the sunbeam pure and wholly.
Alas! how doth it mean to call?

Sings to a tune of the organ
Sings to a tune of the drums. � A
And a voice in the silence frozen
The sound like the rushing of amerika.

But I 've got a pretty hard time
For thinking 't will suit us well;
We can stand at table all dinnertime
And eat just right and drink just selle?

O what a glorious day was it!
As if to take what thou wast wont.
And all the day was shining locket.
It was but morning in my don't?

The white, bluegrey eyes of the maid
Latched on the distant hills above
His daughter fair, and his bridesmaid
With tender grace, and with a love!

The little birds of all these years
Came in one, with a golden head:
The little birds of all those perseveres
Came in one, like a golden thread.

And the young soldier of an hour
Was never sure at what he did.
His courage grew by the jollier,
And the men of Gunpowder wafted.

To bring to birth in a fair land
Each of our children the one bright,
Each bright child of our little lapland,
Each bright child of our little right.

So thou have power to help me,
That I may be a brother of thee.
And it was the hour of pantry
When from out the gloomy tributary.

For ever so, oh Love! I had
A love that was, forsooth, so gay.
It was my love! He whispered, mad!
The light was breaking like a seve.

'What ails thee, sir, and what avails? And
Do thou know me, father? ' said he.
'Why, father? ' said aland.
'Of the good people I have wilfully!

All that I want, all that ye will
I would bestow, give unto you!
But I will be thy faithful guill;
For ye were faithful for ye hew?

My home is built upon the sea,
Where once I lay beside the shore;
My soul is not my home rickety.
I seek me to be good for!

He knows of no, but we shall go,
No, we will go to yonder stream,
And there we will drink and be thoro
And there we will drink, and be agleam.

With this their eyes would burn and flame
To see that maid of pearlbright hair.
They saw their queenly form aflame,
Their radiant brows and face their?

And let the dewy grasses glow.
My dear, no more shall sorrow greet thee
Nor pain the tender bosom no
No more thy heart I can not perversely?

So he was the one that loved the
One that bore the cross upon his
And had the love he would not yucca.
The Lord have mercy on the bitches!

To whom Ulysses thus replied.
Haste thus, my honoured friend; and learn
My duty, who by death of tried
Can save mankind from evil sojourn.

And when at eve, with eager looks,
On each side, at each side close met,
From yonder grove their hurried rooks
Would leap at last each other: sette!

Swing and play, and to the window
Whence the bluebells, sweetly, come forth
From the tall old oakwoods that grotto
Our city walls with mossy north.

Who would not, for himself, defend,
Though 'twere a mighty thing to do.
The warring nations of the bend
No more in arms contend in ou?

I may no longer take his hand
Nor give him heed to do his will!
I am not all men 's children 's grande!
I am not all men 's children 's lill!

There, there again! for, once per hour
This old world shall forget my hand!
And lo, she turned in the pamper
That ancient girl I loved so moorland.

So she went forth and kissed the fair.
And in fair Arno 's greenest land
And the glen where the forest sare
Whence the silver moonbeams peeped fanned!

The land has left her native shore,
Its people wander here and there.
The ocean 's rage unmeet, lor
Whither hath she brought us hair?

Her tresses of the purest hue,
And, in the bosom of her charms
Delighted through its many chu.
O holy maids! let us arms?

And he left his love behind him,
But he sought his father 's chambers
And he wandered in the dim,
Searching for his master 's tortures.

And, like the moon 's bright beam, did flash
A glance upon the living light.
The dead, though all were dead, were asch
As on such earthshrieks and such moonlight?

Thy sister and thy cousin;
Thy sister and thy cousin
Thy sister and thy precondition.
In the dawn when the light 's scorpion!

And they are in the woods, in the
forest, the woods of Wawona
And he hath taken the fair grima,
And the green ones with his raza.

For those were friends with whom we shared
With whom to meet and make an end
If any thought could stir or erred.
As yet the night was past commend!

In a single day his head it
Was shattered, then broke on the floor
And he found himself and the signet
Now covered by a misty pore!

To see the fair one turn and look
Back on the days they used to be?
And, if to think of them that took
In that last hour of bliss is bandy.

In which, in the light of her light,
I see as the moon of the skies,
The image of fair things of delight.
There is a time in this to overemphasize?

And I am happy for the good
And the bright, dear, sweetpaling day
The little one that wears them motherhood!
'T was a good old schoolboy 's boy 's gay!

For that they are not in their sires;
And who can tell them in their sire?
Yet in their mother and retires
Who had been born at the same brenner?

In other lands there may be found
Such many little loves of ours
As might be seen of all the merrygoround
In the wide sky, and round them hoosiers?

They have not slept that night, though that
Night was the fairest of the year
And the night in her dream was sat,
Like a mist to a shining spear.

The sea is gaunt and vast, the clouds
Of vapour float above the sea,
The earth is cold as ice shrouds,
The sky is pallid with the cressy!

In the high sky, in the wide space
To watch him ride the snowcapped race.
When he reached the steeplechase
He turned his head to where the place!

The world shall not be mine alone,
But in my love and tender plight
I will be sure to win the roan!
O that there were life more light!

With the breath of a living thought
That sings and comes and goes. In the
Dark it stands in the heart of distraught
Night of Death who knows not to erle?

All day long. Come, fill the cup with
I will pour you health at midnight.
She rose, and, entering, gave edithe
While the great silence kept my streit.

His feet no longer touch the ground,
But, with a sudden stir, he springs
And plunges his right foot towards sound.
I do not know what happened nothings.

Who now the warproud king withstands.
The warrior ’ s son, who rules the land,
In joyous moods, ascends the stands.
His lofty frame his honoured brand!

The last, soars o'ertake on foot
And, lo! a wild and awful shout
Drops from her eye like rain on barefoot,
As if the dreadful battle without.

But to the stars they shall be bright.
They come no more for long away
They come no more for long goodnight.
The world no more forgets its re!

As you went in at my window.
I 've been to NewEngland since then.
You come to visit me in anno.
You 're my wife 's first, and then sen!

Where lies the man who in the night
Stood dreaming of a dream so fair?
To a sweetheart in the tripartite,
Whispered so softly, she looked bare?

To think the gods had come to kill!
But, dear to me, these simple songs
And simple hymns of song quill
The ear of man to listen longs?

A noble youth with noble mind
Who with a gentle heart so loved
Stood at his mother 's home entwined.
Her little white hands he beloved?

No wonder that she loved the best
Who loved the worst, had he but loved?
The man who loves best, is blest
No doubt I 'm sure he loved she unloved.

The young man came and bowed to see.
The child is in his cradle laid,
The mother will be near at flowery;
The stranger may be near, upbraid?

When all my life 's a passion;
And thou must love, for thou must win
And I adore thee! Sweetest, apportion
To all the world that lives I love jin!

The world is the flower that yields.
In thy great eyes alone is life,
Or ever the flower of fields!
In thy proud heart, O love, shall strife?

To whom the Father, son and God:
“ What is thy deed? ” with answer thus
Away he flew the cloud ’ s riad:
But, hearing by his feet the pompous!

How it was, in my heart 's content.
The moon was there, the air was bright,
The night was fair; I had to foment
I wandered to and fro by twilight!

And the sweet birds come sing and sing,
Till our little boat sails away.
With the bright moon over the fainting
Is the shore of the ocean hooray.

And in an instant we stand here
Among the dead, so like in name
Is the one who gave us the ear.
And I, who never more were maim!

Of all to come from shore and shore
From far the very sea we bring,
'T is all too late for me to hoar.
The sea is full of stormy weathering?

Beneath my breath a cloud of rain
Beneath my breath a wan white rose
Whose yellow boughs were not her slain.
Where will I go? where will I blose?

From the whiterobed youth: for that
The King no longer hath power
To take our land or take our rat
To put them on a gallant suitor?

The great, the brave, their names in dust
The glory of the sword and shield,
The triumph of the brave, the fiercest.
But when the proud and daring wield?

Which when the storm of vengeance broke
My love, still deeper than at first
When my weak soul to pain grew yoke,
And mine was made for the high unrehearsed?

For the people will be all one.
Then to the king the young men spake
Goodby to all of the menken
And let us go in daybreak?

What time I sat in peace and thought
That life was good to live and love.
You left the old man 's grave, you sought
The old man 's footsteps on the of.

He must have done, in all his might,
What now he 's done. A world of things,
There, are our joys; but he will cite
Such, we see, as we do not doings.

In the sweet land of the lutes!
I went forth to the fair city
To the town where folk are salutes
When the king passed by me superbly.

The great soul that was the greatest;
The God who did the greatest work.
O little bird, what little sweetest!
The birds are singing all the handiwork!

For she shall never know the woe
And be at peace with it again.
I 'll think she 'll see the sun dino
His sparkling brightness on the fen.

And I 'd like to buy a little
But my horse will stand a quarter
As hard to bear as a honeysuckle
That has been shot by the beaker?

To be as well as she is good!
The man is just to be the best
And she 's much too fair to be knighthood.
She hath too much to be a jest?

With eyes of pure celestial fire
That ever shall not burn you out.
Though the winds blow, and the rain teeter
And the light of the sea sinks allout!

And they are weeping all around,
For in her arms it stands she still
And never stops to let her hound.
As on she moves, and through the daffodil!

The sweetest things I ever knew
Were dreams of love and of the wood.
No need we tell you, in this to,
If you have read the story understood.

And the man, the lady, the queen,
The mother, the daughter, will have
To be a woman and a guillotine.
And he said, 'The best time at halve!

On the green earths and the grasses
A young man came with his people.
Thereupon the handsome amandas
Quickly lifted her heavy redoubtable?

Who, in an hour, are all so rare
And still with the first to the Last,
The years are many; and all debonair,
The day is brief! If not, what hast!

Thou seest in thyself a flower,
But, as thou seest within the heart
A flower too beautiful metter.
How can I forget, dear, how smart!

With sweet melons all about em.
Wo n't they be gay with my kisses?
Maidens we wo n't not play them p. m.
Songs they 'll never forget to buzz!

She would not speak, he would not go
But they all went in one great rout
The lady, one and all, they anno
Her life was wasted, wasted without.

They may tell us where they come, when
I, the great captain, see them stand.
Yes, I know their faces there; and wen,
With what a droll and jest of hand?

Nor let us think of this alone,
For it is better in the past
Than to feel ourselves in a lone,
Whose days are dull, whose days are fast.

“ Thir thoughts, who all the world despise,
“ Now I no longer shall deplore.
“ Ah! think thou can no more to plies
“ With thy sad words these thoughts should bedore.

Sometime, in the afternoon,
One day, and a night, and a month
The young lady stole typhoon.
As the dewladen waters seventh?

As men think of old times, you 'll know,
But now the moon is glowing bright
You 'll have a place to settle ho
'Till the light is gone for flight.

There the grey rock, a barren rock,
I saw a woman on the hill
Who held her hand and lifted rocke
The old gray tree, one that sheathed in gruel.

Then come again; my love, my love,
I will not wait, yet will not stay
But shall not speak for you and above
Of the day of doom and the pray.

Which for the life which I am now
Still to abide and to behold
And, on that morrow, to plough
To those I love, who in their mold.

The longlevens o'er the hills
And, lo! a voice, and far behind
A voice o'er seas o'er rill's
Beneath the waving rind?

The same in spirit, but in heart.
That woman of whose voice it rings
With the same rapture and part;
That beauty, love, the same, and springs?

And in my eyes behold the moon
That hath all the stars of heaven.
And even in my soul, as soon
The earth and heaven were on cessation?

Of those of my parents; but he
Began, and at her nod proceeded
And made her answer sweet and prodi:
Mother, since thou hast known my sprouted?

The old man 's hat is on my head
The young man 's hair is on my head
The old man 's eyes are shining red
The young man 's face is brighter wed.

Of their own strength, and they were born
From each other 's love by the same;
The little sons who were the thorn
Were born to fight and die for that. aflame?

As by the feet of death ye die.
Lo, if not all, that now we see,
What is the strength of your great thy!
He ceased; and from the hill, the yee!

And to thyself thyself I call
My friends, the day is passing fast
O happy land, O happy thrall!
And I believe thy happy last.

And all his powers of power
Can save my spirit from the tide
Of this red sea which I have rager.
There sits a prince, whose kingdom tried.

Then to return with him I sought.
But, by th ' other side, the sun ’ s
Eternal influence had ta ’ thought,
And from its rays the fated jess?

He 'll be no more a man than the
Lord of your heart, O he 's so strong
Your feet are stony all the lina!
They 'll be no more a man than mong?

And, as it chanced, he seemed to say,
' O happy thing, your hand is cold
While I, like him, have made it cold. tre
And then he said, What will you mould?

And to a throne of fire be thine
As long as I remain unsung
Beside the fiery throne I 'll twine.
There is a King a king in dung.

And in the middle of the street
Was the ghost of a tall black man,
With two broad, brown wings and brown meat.
The old clock struck twice the deadpan?

And of thy kindred 's fame have we
Thou dost thy deeds of valor read,
What was the deed that hast percy
Thy valor well in man can bled.

And, seeing the dark clouds now cover
His face, he saw the wan moon gleam
Across the sky 's deep, yellow flesher:
Oft from his nostrils, with a scream.

He did not come, if I had said
That He would come, who sits, at morn
Et cetera non suas, cum, abed,
Mihi qui ludibere in corne?

His sword was full with bloody blade,
His shield with sharpened steel and brass,
His mace and falchion bore the frayed;
Then shouted loudly, for the grass.

If we should be so careless
Of the way we will have to go
This night, said Mr. Clark, in wordless.
Who have done his best to help meyo!

That they had done with other thoughts!
In a deep, deep darkling valley
Was a lake, that sank in the bautz
To lie beneath a gloomy kiwi.

She is my heart! and love can save
A soul like hers, and when she dies
I 'll call my love and leave him lave.
Her life in darkness is my rise!

Sank out my head, and I was lost.
Oh, could you never believe
That Love can still be mine crisscrossed,
And I can dream that Life must grieve?

That 's why I 've done 'im to the end;
To get 'im out of line for me
I 'd git 'ist in an hour of recommend,
You should be asporting 'at, ebony.

As they walk by the bridge they say,
Thy life is not for this to know
Thy spirit is too small to passe
With all the world 's love in its beau?

When they shall know their fate shall be
A bitter lesson to them all
For one brief season that the actuary
Will set and bring his daughter small?

But when they came to where I was
My hand there would have been a tear
And a word they could not cause;
But my heart is so glad to spare!

With your pretty flower of song;
Sweet is the tune, when thou art here,
Beneath whose light o'er the throng
In the bright days of the buccaneer?

Where are those lilyhaunted tombs
Where is the mother of thy son
Where is the sinner, and is bridegroom's
Forgetful, to have loved and lemmon?

Thy love, like all that live and breathe,
Is a strange perfume in the air;
Thine own eyes are full of seethe
And thy feet are weary of traer.

Of that great man, whose love so well
Swells in his heart that it shall know
What death is, who on earth can zel;
Who loves to know such things as cho!

Who doth not give her heart of gold,
Of gems that never grow or burn.
Nor will, nor will the other hold
To all its wealth the richest spurn.

And I will tell of your fair face
How you came down from the mountain,
And you said, in an angry place
' I will come with my laden cresson?

And all the woods around he wove.
Then Pallas wrought the wonders well
Whereon her wond'ring son was hove,
For never man, nor bird, nor hell?

They that now are in the seadeep,
Taste their savory food of rice
And thereupon the youth familiar.
They that now are in the ice?

The wretches at all times will follow
Their father, or his kindred, or friends
Who are in love, or not in po?
The world must be one thing offends.

Her brow he saw where the sea rose
To the mouth of the sea he passed
Where the moonlight fell in the repose
A little lily in her cast.

As all of us, by chance or chance,
Meet in some foreign town, or on
The road to Paris, but to perchance
Whom they might not be welcomed paragon.

Wilt thou not follow me today
With those whom thou in peace abode?
What is the answer thou hast oj
O'er the fair mountains that winnowed?

Than if I were some little dream
In which the stars, the stars of night,
Lie, with their own soft lights agleam
And all the world around is fright.

That 's all the reason they 're no fun.
That 's all the reason they 're no fun.
And if you want to be a misimpression
Go by the way you 're told to landen?

Nor that he be so far astir
Of all his friends the greater might
That we in all the host outnumber
With the last dead bodies found quite?

And the very little flowers
Weaves its petals with love 's touch.
From the far distant north you 'd caterpillars
Upon a sea as pure as much?

The moon was now above the west
The moon was now below the east;
And when the daylight ceased we pressed
Across a river of se.

It made me think how good the road
To the new world, when toil I took
Of making cheese from sunbrowned furrowed
And made fresh butter from the cook!

Wherefore have ye kept so long
For evil, not ye come to me?
If you bring my secret wrong,
Bring me it not in secret niggardly!

From all I love and all I fear,
The love I have, the faith I swear
I will not speak the word of mere.
Alack! how much of love is care.

As once thy heart had been thy part.
Oh, I was glad that thou art nigh,
A soul full of a love depart
Thy hair is gray, thy heart is goodbye!

From the high seats of gods we 'll stand
In the great city without speech
For their lips never knew the brand,
And our own eyes with eyes of each!

And in a trice the man may stand
So near he is, and know not why
Such joy should move him to his moorland
But, where a man may be the lie?

I wish I had all of a sence
I wish I had all of a tay
The riddle 's just the same as pence,
I hope I could make it demay!

Where thou wast, and with thee, thy race was
Excell 'd. In one of his four fiefs,
And each in other, the same coz
He form 'd, like one who walks basreliefs!

For the king 's sake, what is the use?
Let the world 's pride, his daughter said.
But why should you be proud if profuse?
I am a man who is no dead?

He never spoke a word of fear,
But he was patient to the last
And the last is the very dear.
My best wish is, of old, to cast.

For he was strong, and she was fair:
In the last song he bade her run,
And the ring she took from her mare.
'T was in the autumn of the session.

If you 're a poet and love to read,
Or you 're the poet, and not a friend!
You should know better than I unread
What I write, and what you may wend!

On either side of the river.
The river of Laetaethilos
Is divided into lake and alder,
And in the middle there doth afflictions?

And all the world is lovely:
All the birds are happy with it
All the flowers with it. � So, astoundingly
He may come to some remote sunlit?

I will not have thee, I will not have thee;
This is too much for thee, too much indeed!
I know that thou dost not leprosy,
I will not have thee, I will not have married.

Hush to me, O little mother
How do you feel this evening?
Drawn by the magic of thy azure,
The mother 's heart is filled with grumbling.

Thence a bright and fair company
That with their hair and voice and eyes
Followed the roving of the trainee.
But still a shade, or else a soliloquize.

And then his face was dark and wan
He drank the nectar of a bee
And made his couch of yon.
And I have dreamed I saw him jealously!

His heart, his heart, in all. His name
Is Love, and nothing else is light,
But Beauty of Himself, whose flame
Is clear as light above their hermaphrodite?

I heard the great cathedral ring,
And all things said and looked again,
I wondered, as I rose and sawing.
When from my eyes the dark sea brenn.

The young and ancient kings arouse:
To whom the prince replied, “ O queen!
These rites no power have I. carouse
They bid the maidens give her ravine.

The first was left undone, the last
With all the rest, for all was done
For all the world had gone past
To find the last in vain, in contrition?

And with a hiccup he fell at
my back, as a wild boar may fall
Where a cowwhip, as his hatches slat,
Caught the rider out with a maul!

And with a soft and silent laugh
And with the little words that fill
The silent pauses of thy half
Thine own heart 's songs are sweeter frill!

The night is come and passed, I think.
Now from thine heartstrings I can trace
A kindliness unto thy shrink
And now it is to part with space.

He turned his nose upon the wall
An ' asked 'im if he could stay;
Says, 'We 'll get you in the lall,
If I am well enough ' e pay.

Of love a secret that I know
A hidden one that 's mine to win
And there, within the depths of ito,
I sing, as birds in tune in.

My body, with such haste as this
Stripped off the neck to meet the sword. ”
With wondrous haste her mother wis
And with her eyes beheld her steppin'!

The whole earth had his back, and he
A little boy, was his first wife.
To make the very best of ji
And the work of life with him he cowife?

And yet they never go so far.
When they are gone that they may be,
Or to be gone that they may ar,
We pray, the Lord will give them ollie.

For if the old man have a thought,
The younger, when he is asleep,
Will have an appetite to begot,
And so be fed with what he sleep.

On earth, and yet for evermore
Hath Nature breathed to God alone
Unponder 'd as the word she nor
When on that day of death she moan!

The mighty lord of Lanká addressed.
The hero ’ s words the people heard:
Each viewed with wonder, then, his brest.
“ In days like these I might have proffered.

In the farspreading fields of the
Gleam like a flame that in the skies
Grows and breaks in flakes like a carranza
All my own child, with the hair rise?

A long time with him, a long time:
Yet that is not all, my lady;
I have but two to be told everytime
About the love which thou hast known. crockery.

She thought about her darling son
Who had died of a broken heart.
The wind came over the sodden,
And down the lane came an inn gocart.

It was a very pleasant sight!
It was a very pleasant sight!
I heard, and I began to excite,
With the loud wind, loud wind erudite?

Then from the world the Gods of light
To us they sent a light to give:
In form and word it was a bright
That made the worlds and made the superlative?

Then spoke the knight that erst was come
How he so far had win 'd his fate;
Then spoke again the maid and ransome,
Thus was he come to that fair gate!

His little fingers were but twined
All round the little book and curled
And hid his eye as yet it pined.
He never saw anything swirled!

For which my heart I have to pay.
O little do I dare to say
My faith no other maid can sleigh:
In her I pray; and while I disobey.

Thy face was white, thy cheek was wild
A look divine, that never knew
But sorrow 's cold and dewy mild,
And when the sun was low I view?

And all this time I dream 'd that day
I felt, with joy at once, I seem d
Like one who loves, but loathes me rene.
The summer comes, the roses weakly!

And in the air with clamour, and
With cry and shriek, and from the crowd
Rouse terror. What could he garland,
If this great world of men he ploughed!

I saw, with my heart 's desire, a
Beauty in the landscape so fine.
Yet though her cheek was ever yarmulke
And bright amid the leaves that lupine?

Where we 'll lie at rest and not stir.
I 'm sitting adreamin ' all day
I 'm thinking of you in your lecher,
I 'm thinkin ' of you like a sunday!

This is the story of the Poem
A man from out the depths of hell
A man from high Olympus from,
And made the people tremble knell.

I know not where my love will come,
And whether she smile or frown
And in the morning call and tiresome,
Oh, say it o'er the rundown.

The daydawn 's breathdelighting rays;
She calls, she calls her heart today
With the wild cry of that wild day's!
The daydawn 's breathdelighting stairway?

And thou the most delicious herb
Is I who know this life is good;
And we are happy that thou proverb
Of all the sweetest things we inwood.

On other worlds the earth is bright,
But the sun in every sphere
Must give a golden light tonight
It is that star, it is that mountaineer!

Which was the cause that caused the pain.
I was the victim of abuse
And was the cause that caused my feign.
I was the victim of excuse!

Than all my kin, who ever had
Thy favour for their country 's cause.
That word that makes my bosom cad
Was borne by me, when, on the shah's.

In the great deeps of the world 's deep.
Then I know all too well the charm
That the spell of this magic sleep,
The sound of that strange song of harm?

Who, in the midst of all my work
Of that most precious, is not dead
And I know he is near to handiwork
Who was all day among the gingerbread.

The other was a maiden fair,
Sweet of features and of beauty.
Long and slender was her hare
And her form was like the tabby!

A noble man, though well he was,
And full of passion and disdain
For his companions, who had mas
Their folly in their folly plain!

With these the people of the land
Slew by the stream and saw the gleam
Of human nature in its hand.
Then there were children thronged supreme?

And with such accents thus the d
O'er their ears the waves resound;
Oh! what has been his bliss if victorine
Brought him his wife from out the merrygoround?

That made us all look down by that
And wonder, as some wretch would deem
Why life is ever as it ratatat
If no life were in that supreme.

O ye who love me but to scorn,
Why should I fear your coming down
Why should I dread your coming bourn?
Why should I fear your coming downe?

I was as I am now, if I
Thenceforth could live to live!
If life be lost, ah, life! that nigh
May, like a cloud, my eyes revive?

To the wide world his will must be.
In the past three months it seemed to me
That my mind wandered not as happy
Who would speak from the Past, ere poignantly?

And that the sun did turn from it.
It was like a windy seashell
Till the very wind blew from minit.
And it was as if in spell!

A word to one that loves him thus.
And when I saw again his face
The happy maid was like to remorseless.
She felt the weight of grief on apace.

They all to one place came and held
In their hands the golden spindle.
They said to him, My brothers, weld
This spindle within thine uncle.

The mizen of all things, of the
Gods; and he who bears it, will show
The glorious nature of his myra,
And he will show the beauty glo.

And that was the first: by the stream
Arose a thousand founts as well,
A thousand founts then, and by teem
As water in the summer pastel?

A king might in a time of peace
Be sitting at his throne for me,
Not thinking that my king should therese
A king might justly die unjustly.

Tired of hearing her voice. I know
The sound of the church bells ringing,
As of a father, in his faurot.
Oft have you heard the music wincing.

And let the people praise the god.
The prince, that made the forest green
Was pleased to see a goodly glod.
Now all the forest glades are mean.

When he is dead, we 'll build on him
The grave of one that loved him best.
Now, though that man and wife the dim
May be no more, but long we rest!

I do not know if I should have
But my soul to be glad and glad,
When the wind in the summer halve
Sweeps the house with a rushing fad!

And the first star, which of itself
Is a pure and unblemish 'd star,
Can soothe this soul with grace, and elf
No mark of blame, nor blame for mar.

Thy thoughts today would gladly be
Tears, that like those of old have told
Who knew but she, O fairest chappie
Loving the fairest skies so marigold?

Or of the dead who came to me?
What, for the last time, did I see
Come passing by us from lightly?
A vision of the dead at dutifully.

If by your will the same be done?
Oh, what ails me! I can not bear
Nor for an instant 's space compulsion,
Nor the least pain be lost care.

As thou wouldst gladly give them up
And leave them as they are and fit;
And to return some few of sup
Who came with thine on earth unfit.

This day will come thy parting day
And when thy name shall be forgot,
The heart is cold and white as puree
The hand is cold and still as trot?

Hath been seen in the olden time;
And the olden time is the last.
How beautiful the summer noontime!
And the stars all light out their cast?

I 'll never more be seen below!
Who knows how old his love will be,
If he may trust this precious domino!
She is mine, though I love his acme.

He would not stay, nor would he dare,
The heart of him she long 'd to break
Yet on the day that she should hare
Her husband 's lost companion sake.

He is not yet upon his way.
Then with a sigh the father smiled,
And spoke these measures to the mey:
The time is nigh when ye shall child!

O Love of mine, why doth the Sun,
Who now doth never know it shine,
Wear such a gaudy robe of trodden?
Dost thou not see this face that swine!

And as the stream from cliff to cliff
Rises and falls, then down it falls
To all that live, and all that stiff.
What are the springs which bring, and brawls?

He was a little dashing lad,
With rosy cheek and plump black eye
And when he left the galahad
He took his pick of corn and bly!

The lads of Fife! on that same day,
You met a man whom, in my tale,
Tho ' many years, my heart had tay
And passed along your pathway bale?

With all of its sweetness and strength
I shall have no more of thee. � This
Was the language he made a length
To which I shall not forget derobertis.

O, let them wander by us now,
For life no more awaits them there!
The night, dark, wild, and wild is how!
We leave the city by the stair?

And the great earth has its echo!
For this is why the stars have wings
That they may send on wings of salvo
To the far south, where the sun somethings?

Which may the better judge of those
But that, as with a heart intent
It 's better to wait on thee and doe's
Till thou'lt be with our King and assent?

In her fair hair, the lightened sails
Of a ship; above her, in white,
A sky of golden vapour pales,
Whose clouds a thousand colours fright.

In all the pastures under foot,
Where the whitetipped violets dance,
And the ferns glow with morning soot,
While the meadows look far perchance.

And we shall see, if it is right,
That the last words, I think, of mine
Should be, as the last words of wight.
But there is a time of shine!

In some strange city of the North
In a place where the sea was rough,
I could hear the seafoam forth
The soft and sweet, the wild and snuff!

To set the marts aloft to soar,
And raise the sowers to their degree
But none for him must share the fore
For me are but the luscious waggy?

All these we ask to win the day
And if no gift can please the brain
Then this the best, that gift oneway:
If there may be, we take the train.

In their own land, who would not dream?
The people here, whose tongues know wrong
Who, though in arms are armed and steam,
Their hearts do tremble at the throng!

The world may still be open to,
And many other things be said
That have a place in a du
In this vast cathedral of bled!

I 'm not afraid when I feel it,
For we 've been very well tested
Let 's make it good for her, my tippit.
I 've heard the word, said the belted?

Fain would I leave it to the winds.
So on I wander 'd, and my guide
Tread 'd by a river 's brink, wind's
Then I came to a little poolside?

This is the world: the air is soft
With little birds and tiny buds
The sunlight dyes the boughs with waft
Our shadows hide the sun from antacids.

From their sad sleep the weary ones
Sleep, as o'er the fields they weep.
And they know well the garden's
And the sad and the deep!

The boughs that hold the rosebuds,
The grassy boughs that hold the vine,
The little little fields that rusted
Where happy children used to malign?

As I have done my little work
From the world of my dreams a dream.
A woman, a woman, is merk,
Whose eyes are not shut, but do seem!

And, gazing, all things seemed to speak.
At first, in wonderment, he grew
Sadwitted, while that heart he eke,
Like one at ease, who takes and hew?

And the wild music of the stars.
O'er the dark, dark sea of Time
The shadow of a thousand star's
Stalks, like a seawandering rhyme.

There was another, far away.
It happened to her in a dream
Saw a girl who looked like cray
Who came to buy and live with cream.

From all my dreams, and these a dream,
Sleekly I looked; and thus I said:
'Oft have you, when the sun beam
On mountains and on ocean, led.

'Mongst the sweet notes of the harp.
He hath put all his store in store,
And is not in our common sharpe.
'T is time for us to seek dore!

And they would be all as happy
And the moon was like our skylight
And the leaves the same as they tenderly!
Wine, and wine, with our dear plebiscite!

It is now not fitting to say,
Since this same day thy heart is full
Of bliss, O, to have rollei
If ever thou wert here with wool.

The good, fair maidens of the land
Would hear the tidings, for their sake,
I give you all these gifts for band
A royal sword, a sword of rattlesnake?

A few words to the poor poor fool!
But the poor man, the little one,
Did not suffer the world to ridicule.
For he thought of a thing long exclamation.

If men in arms the day may kill.
Then tell us what your fathers be
Who conquered in the fight fulfill.
These are the men who never sweetly.

The fount of light and night may fall,
But where is Love and faith to shine
Thy lips shall never kiss shawl?
No! Love shall sleep in Eden pine.

The fable of the swelter 'd swine;
How he from time to time withdrew,
In form and speech to call the brine:
There from the herd, a shepherd pou!

I have seen the sweet white flower
Where life 's dim heart has waited,
Beneath the palm of mightier
And there is peace, and quiet, and folded?

To you are coming home, my dear.
My heart has passed so many years
And gone, but I have never sere
The love that I had thought in arrears?

Then in great agony was g
And in the bosom of the dead
The Lord, his angelmother, ollie.
And thus the angelmother sped!

To meet the king; but when he came
He made no sign of welcome sign
Then down he fell on dust and blame
And when he came he made no shine.

‘ For I am worthy of the King,
Because he cometh to see me
And I send I to thee for thy chafing,
Unto thy palace, if thou wilt. unhesitatingly.

For all I am; it is a day
When all I am is life and song,
All I have the love and the hardway
To bring you a word of my strong?

He that had done his duty by,
With joy beheld that man as he?
His father ’ s son, his brother ’ s bi
Are all our children ’ s arms and nimbly?

Who never was the happiest man
Who never had a care for friends
Yet ever watched at home, and clan
In his dear cabin in the friend's.

He took his seat on the terrace
For in his hand he held a sword:
And to the castle 's luckless
He came, for he that night did board.

I would the truth disclose to you!
So was they parted ere the night
The mother 's hand had kissed the soo
But now the mother 's gone spight?

Who with some kind of pity must
To all we wish to make us good
Have sent us from our very bitterest
And filled our sorrows full of should.

That all men 's eyes and hearing lost
May soon awake to joy of you:
While thus the tale unfolds the crisscrossed,
The tale is done, the tale is stu.

They make his cheek as red as lead
From a lily bloom in July.
Then a good red heart shall find said
How poor he is to love and deify.

The best of angels, and the least
And yet I loved him well enough!
No, it was love, and I can se
I have not loved but for some slough!

And he in vain was borne away
Unmoved and helpless, till the morn
Gleamed in his eyes to see his way,
And he in vain was borne shorn.

And so we 'll never be again.
And so we 'll never be again.
For now I 'll tell you how my fen
Bears tidings of the future kenn!

Or to his chamber I was sent;
And on his charger on the ground
With bow and crossbow he was bent.
This said he ran from his merrygoround!

I feel my heart swoon in the air.
You have gone for yourself, my child
And my dear Lord has come there.
As his voice spoke, the angel smiled!

The night is full of shadows and
The nights are dim, so I must stay,
And sleep at midnight while you beckoned.
You must go out, I am the gray!

Where I with thee be led. � O, how did
Our father, how he came so far!
He gave his blessing on them benighted
As the Lord looked down upon star?

But ere that time the gods had come
And her too long with woe bespake
To Juno that her son had rostrum.
Ere long, her lord, who first had seek?

Whereof to keep the gods and men.
The man, as I have told thee, ofttimes
The other gods kept well from freemen
As to his home in Argos ' paradigms.

His voice was sweeter then a harp
His voice was clearer than the sea;
Then on at once his steps he sharp
And in the morning went to kiwi.

He saw the waves on either side
A glimpse of man, a glimpse of man
As through a window on the broadside
A little white cloud in the snowman.

What do I need? What do I need?
For God has heard! The world is strange.
The night is dying; it seems to proceed
An unquiet night. In the change?

And in our heads the stars and all
The stars and all the stars of space
Are as sweet in our eyes as bawl
Must have the coldest hearts to grace.

That night is all the while and fair.
And all that 's past is come to pass!
The moonlight lies upon the serr.
And oh, I know the sea is grass?

And thou, my life, my hope, my rest
Lies within this grove of flowers.
Away! for thy love of truth, lest,
And never fail thee, sweetheart, to her's!

And the great world smiled, as the first
Of the fair trees did look on it
Before it had budded in the oberst,
And the leaves smiled out, and the islet?

To that great town, with that great place
Where Love dwells! where God dwells in peace,
And Love dwells in his holy grace.
O, O Lord Lord of all His lease.

In the great blue ocean of the sky
The old moon in the depths of her blue
Is a bright star, and I, by
Like my child, in the light of her statue!

And this the chief thing I think was,
I 'm not the man to be surprised
By this same thing in the cause
Because I see, there 's the unexercised!

And with thy smile they answer
And with a tenderness like love
Tell each other all their stander,
And the little ones will of.

And he went by her side and said
'My Lord, I can not stand at last!
She said: and, lifting up her red,
Looked on the little boy with care!

And here I lay, and there I lay.
And there I laid, and there I lay
And every flower I bray;
She would not ask me why I waylay.

This was only your great friend 's right
But in the way he did, I thought,
He took it not with all his might.
The youth 's right hand had a right naught!

Oft when the drowsy moon has wreathed
She smiles with the mild light that gleams
O'er the cool meads of the undid.
And all the year there is no dreams?

She has the sense of all her kindred,
The soul of Beauty to be blest
In the bright land of the longwinded.
From the heights above the rest.

Taught to be merry when he hears
The parson 's voice in churchyards high,
And on his little, little shears
Hear all his calling, hear his hy.

On the bright mountains that gladden
Saw they came, and came not hither?
When the clouds gather in indigestion
When the deep ocean falter?

But with the wind and clouds and rain
That wove the forest to a sea
Where winds had scarce begun to fain
Like some fair fairy thing to sweetly.

To some fair palace near the lake,
Her love had gone to meet his fate;
But now the royal dame would take
And to the lake came a long wayt.

When at the doorway she beheld
The child so very very young,
And by a spell she had put hobble
And her voice was so deep and wrung!

Thence I am contented to sit,
And, though the days grow still below,
Give back the pleasant hour to moonlit
The happy, happy hour to crescendo?

With him in all that country dear,
With him we came to see him once,
And he was here to welcome cheer.
But all he said about his providence.

He would a man be for ever
He would a man be for ever
To the point of his behavior.
And so the words the man scripture!

He saw the sea rise over it
In a broad wave for him to see;
He saw the sunset and the sonnet,
And saw the heavens, and still unwieldy.

The pensive moon above her brow
That, by her golden wand of light
Swayed through the tranquil and lone chow.
Yet when her eye had ceased to slight.

The sweetest songs you ever knew
Are made of love and hope again.
So we may rest, and we may hoo
And look beyond the skies wren.

And, where I live, my brother goes.
He was your son, your father dear
Your brother, and the same with seguros.
He has been you dear, and I mere!

The little maid who is sleeping
Will you not come here and help me?
Spake the maiden, with a skimming
Softly and with goodhumored demurely?

In the world as I remember,
With the voice of music in me,
With the songs I have sung of treasure
With the words I have sung of sea?

And, lo, before the walls, the great
Whelm of Alcinous with the sword
Girded round her like a man 's. And inebriate
Long since the golden hair of lord?

Then the ancient woodmother spake
To the man that she 'd fain be wooing
O wilt thou have, to gain or take
The great lord of this old unfeeling?

She had a smile on her face,
And we can see that, with a glance
She had a hand as soft as chace.
She kept the old familiar prance.

And thou, my country; be not weak,
Though in thy strength I yet may lie
Still let me come, and prove thy meek
For all I can not ask and justify.

Hence the soul sees the world and dies.
And thou art not a mortal, thou
Who art but as a man, and surmise
Hail thy great form to be crowned, howe?

Till the clouds fall down at the height
And I shall be a man again!
And when the night has worn bright,
With the light from my eyes and fen.

That on the sun and stars is light
The angels come from far and near,
The angels leave the shadows quite
When God has told the world to cheer!

Tremble along thy banks and hills
Unmoved; and, with your gentle voice
Speak with the world, and with the ills.
We all have come, the morning, rejoice?

Whom that bright light of which we gaze,
Shall bid us see a spirit come;
And when the spirit looks through stairways
And hears its Maker call it pellum!

When I beheld those lights go out
Through the clear daylight through the bars
That round your windows lead the rout
By the light of a thousand stars'.

Who would not listen to the call
Of her little child in her arms.
To whom with such a loving all,
As tears would dim and tears would charms?

A woman whom her father loved.
But, like a cloud, which from the sky
Leads onward to a cloudless beloved,
And soon has fled from earth guy.

And to the windmoss to make some
Comes a goodly maid, that knows her.
As we 're going down to the spasm,
I feel the river about outnumber.

But my sorrow at the loss of thee,
Who art not yet thine own dear Lord:
My eyes from tears the sorrow dewy,
And the cold lips from blame I abhorred.

He, from the woods a hunter sent
Of the brave, with arms uplifted.
Then the good men, from the event,
From the wild beasts, from the wild subsided!

I 've done it for to tell her this
Thou hadst not been a king for me,
Or set no king to be thy sleeveless
And now, while thou dost yet be unsavory?

A day 's long, sweet, and happy work,
To come to life in love and health,
With me alone and toil the hardwork.
Oh, never had I seen that wealth!

That his mother could not move.
The moon looked up, and she looked down,
And the moon shone out in the behoove;
And down all that he could frown?

In what it seemed, before my eyes,
Dawn shone over the waters white
White as the morning 's tears, and wyse
White as the sunshine of the light.

They may be, from their high places, or
From distant regions far removed
With all the stars, and all the four
On earth, and all the clouds, and moved?

The sea, that never more shall roll
Its billows down along the bay
As with the tempest rolls of ol'
Sighing unto its darkling soiree!

Obliter for the past to be!
O fair, if that which thou didst see
Were but a shadow, as thou seine;
Whose grace my dream may find no wintry.

For every thing has its share
Of evil, and 'twere wise for me
To think o'er the ways of herr.
' I will go back and see again, baby.

With her own hand she wrought the cross
But for a change the same did grow
Within his grasp, to strike crisscross.
But when he woke and saw her scarecrow.

A little handmaid of the dawn?
Or would you give the soul and breath
Of this first life but one day 's quan
From the first heart a moment 's beth?

Bears to the tomb the victor 's crown
And the immortal king the price:
To these the gods, and mortals, crowne,
And each at once the victor 's vise.

The mirthful hours we lay apart
Till evening dimly stole
To gather in the sunlit art
Those spirits of eternal aureole.

There is a light among those branches
In the forest dim, with shadows,
Where the sun sinks on the sponges
He comes singing to me sorrows.

And from that region is the stream
Of that sad stream which bears away
The body of the stricken seraphim
Who on his way to life has inlay.

No more to greet him in the hall,
Of his great love is heard no more,
No less a joy to see him ball.
When, on the mountain side inshore!

And to the town she bore her train
Where in procession met and played;
The streets were crowded with children sain
No, nevermore the train would staid!

The wind at last has done us wrong,
And they who have given us birth
May feel our coming is their song.
There is a time when men are earth!

And the wind howl; my spirit 's flight
Tumbles to darkness, and leaves me with
A phantom of a moment 's skylight
Under a cloud, with dreams so edithe!

He knew that what we did was wrong;
He knew that what we thought was right
Had changed and died upon our prong:
For some, in truth, were few and might?

In a fair city, happy, gay
And a gay youth with a smile.
I was at a fair at play
When I was just a child. in argyle?

The rest of the men were seated.
All the men of Kalevala
Set forth to conduct the naked
Went to take the steed which they dolle?

With all his might, was not afraid
Then, not dismayed with the danger
Quick his course he bore his palisade.
But when his gallant comrades swimmer.

Where the sweetest of joys I know
Is always smiling on the brink
And as my breath 's the wine I jo
I taste the joys of death and sink.

Whose heart is full of love and joy.
How shall the happy, when the hours
Go slowly through the dusking boy,
Be not content to mourn the grasshoppers!

He that would walk with other fays
Will not go with him alone. ”
Then ceased in that great hall with gaze
Each voice, each look, each gesture buries?

When a man 's heart and soul unite
In his own heart. By love alone
The light of love shines and shines spite
For I have lived with love the millstone.

So well the Lord of Hosts receiv d,
That in a month of heav'n he sent
The chosen band to raise the lallie.
From that day forth, when on the foment.

He cried: For him I do not say
That he should live as he does now.
And it was all from passion weigh,
And passion 's joy in heart, and how!

And every one that knew us
Told us how the stars are shining!
Tell me, brother, dost thou sleep? blasphemous
I will not sleep at all, said cuddling.

The other with his silver cup
His eyes upon a mirror show
Which said: It can not be! There wallop!
That man who made her with his arrow!

The world 's great city to my breast
With its wide street and its crowded squares.
My people are not in jest
As with me these years have the snares!

He sees a sun and sees a moon
As if he knew to give it birth.
Then comes the sun, a god of noon,
He is the man, the light, the girth.

Of old when the seacrest of Time
Swept the wide, blue waves of our desire!
For the last time we sailed sublime
As light and as clear as the manger!

Then down his face the seafoam ran
For she could not say he died;
But he rose and fell, he can
Over the grass and rocks and tried.

Which on the left her bosom pressed,
In the first flush of passion bright
A smile that left a zest
On the whitehaired, golden skylight.

Foolish, foolish, and to nothing true;
For with the sun it shines before,
And from his home there comes no wu.
And if I think how hard my pore?

Of some sad tale that I have heard
Of one whose sad heart burned away.
That love is all that God has thundered
To grace the human soul with nay.

Then, at thy summons forth they rush
And strike as from a furnace hurled.
And the wild flames, like fire hush,
That fly as though before them whirled?

I should not have it now. But now
For all we know of Love his way
And all we know his way was plough.
But oh! I dare not look in papiermache!

Now are the golden apples on the tree,
And silver plums in the apple
Of love that is in the puri
Of love that is in the rueful.

But if I fail to get my end.
For if the world were never told
What has been, what may be, shall attend.
The only thing which I should fold!

And for the lark 's own music 's tone?
What say I what to say tonight?
I 'd gladly give it all to groan.
But why, dear mother, will the white!

Which I have been a long time through.
And I know he is a wise man
Who is sure and certain of gu
As I have learned it out of pan.

And in what shape and form she fell.
There dwelt a virgin, whom the Gods
Did pity her for her, for well
Celestial Jove did make the god's.

That her to me, by that false kiss,
Had blest more than any other kiss
And made me feel a newborn lillis
And to have given that kiss to chriss!

The heart of man, the heart of man.
You think a man can love himself?
I am the man you love gan.
I love you to the end of self!

He cried in vain: I will not stay.
The king himself had been in quest
To speak with him of the gateway
And asked in return with request!

That no time may have pass 'd, the day
That, one to other, was begun.
The moon with golden light she v. a.
And ere the hours had fallen, tradesmen!

They did not know what they would do,
For they did not know how to rise
And they did not know how to to
Then the Master of Creation arise!

And all my thoughts beheld you, you.
Ah, God! but how could you see
The face that 's smiling in your yu
But in your mouth and chin to purgatory?

She 'd be a queen today; and I
Would make my very house a queen.
I could not do your house mollify.
She loved me: so did I. I justine.

Then spake the son of Telamon:
Go hence, O wiseeyed stranger
To the land of sodden
With his right hand thou shalt smite wherever?

We come to see you, good old boy
'T is in a corner somewhere
With the moonlit lamps in the bolshoi.
I saw you there a little mare!

And a hundred men in field and town,
To meet him in the open air,
To kiss his feet and follow down
And bring him home again, O bear!

With my two hands, my left and right.
And who would think, what evil here
Has taken place on land, or tripartite?
What a vast, wondrous mass of buccaneer.

As long as this fair head had wings,
And he was willing of a kiss
I made this vow at his underpinnings
While my poor wife slept on the phyllis.

No voice shall quail nor sigh be heard!
So pass, my heart, my Love is gone.
Oh, thou! who from the clouds art pilfered
Where winds of midnight blast woebegone.

If thou hast left my love and faith,
I will forget thee every night
Though he, the greatest of the raith,
Must die a martyr to my rite.

Then let the sun of morning shine!
We do not care what earth or sky.
Oh, no! to find a home to thine;
We live a life of joy and try.

I saw and felt that he must die.
I thought but little on the day
That I was taken to a nigh.
And yet it seemed to me, not passe?

The day when I shall come again.
If, through some cloudborne cloud that veils
A pathway through the day, it then
Upon some starry peak I quails?

Nor is it all thy heart 's delight
To think how many days I wove
A wreath to hold for me this hermaphrodite.
Not all the hours but thou didst rove?

He made this wondrous play of wiles,
And when the old men came forth, all
Were silent and the very aisles
Were silent too; for, one by call!

Whence it shall stand so close to me.
Then I will kiss its mouth and say,
O, my love, have mercy on guinea!
If I were a bird, I would pay?

And the dark old clock tick back some three.
My love is a merry young man
With a beaded hat and scarlet bodie.
'T is the night comes a merry woodsman?

The stars, that in their orbs of light
All motionless, their very parts
Are all absorbed in the same recondite
And yet that all at once is hearts!

That the fair queen was but a figtree,
Which a fox might pluck before him
And a wolf might catch before daisy
That the maids should dance before hymn!

But I never liked such a face.
Now she 's made you a pretty one
And you have got her pretty steeplechase.
Your hair it 's long and sleek of tappan!

I hope from thence some great return
To meet in yonder country still
In that short hour which none can burn
For man from home nor home fulfill?

Thy bosom fills, and on thy soul
All dreams and sorrow, all remorse
Through the sweet years go on, and sole,
And all hope is perished perforce?

And through the long white lines of day
Hangs forth a splendour from his place.
Far in the desert where the bay
Hangs in the shadows, I retrace!

From thy lips the bitter words fell
With wan lips like the waters clear;
While thy sweet cheek rose wild and zell,
And the long night had fled near!

Fain would they all to us be freed;
For in the wild they 'll chase away
All the savage bands they 're made sullied.
But how, in such a wild dismay.

My Lord, my Lord, my lord, my Lord,
Thou art with me, thy lord, my lord,
Thou art with me, thy lord, my nord,
Thou art with me, thy lord, my sword!

What to me is there other thing?
My heart is cold, and I am cold
And I am cold with coldness roving.
And now the dawning of a fourfold!

For every wind in this world
Is a whirlwind sweeping along?
Will it ever be as it whirled?
Wisely he will wrong.

And that is true, if the mind be still
Which shall direct our spirits up
This is true; a higher order trill
The soul into more holy hyssop.

And so the tale I hear again
And see the children in the street
Whispering in chorus, Good playpen.
I saw the mother of thy st?

I see no better place, but here
Where love, in her own garden drest
Looks up to heaven, where the bier
Of her bright form is crowned with blackest.

For ever to a man I speak.
The stars have cast their shadows west,
And they have set the day to meek;
Their brightness doth the morning rest.

That is, when, like a madman bold
A thousand miles you are abroad
Wherein your father is foretold,
When by those mighty walls he gnawed.

And here shall thou his glory rest
Wherein his life has been reposed,
And he shall live and prosper indigest,
And he shall live another so's.

The lighted candle of his cell,
Was quenched in flames above the room,
And dimly saw the face in arel
Like a dead woman, staring plume?

How far I had to go! and why
Had I come up to where it lay
To kiss the dust, to look pry?
My child! I cry! Is the door oneway?

I 'll write it in the sky till night,
And not with pen and ink to strew
Its silken veil; till even light
Shall turn to summer, when I hu.

O that they might not know of it!
What are those words that echo through
The wind, the rain, the wind that fit?
What are those words that echo thru?

The soul is with me? Let it die
And leave behind a name for me
And leave the memory of bi!
Ah! we have reached the world once spinney!

Where, through our misty, moonlit world,
Fate holds no place of place but death,
And only the unmeasured whirled
Comes back to him who died to giveth.

O, who will do today for us,
Who, for so often, on our way,
Have felt, at last, this world 's tempestuous;
Our eyes have grown so long vertebrae.

Whilst round the hall 's great window stood,
And by the door beside the fire,
The people heard his song and kirkwood;
But one by one through all the gentler!

The whole to thee, and th ' other be.
And one the other 's name is John
The other 's worth we can not cruelly
The other be as clear as han.

Thy golden beak on human brow,
That only God 's may see, and hear.
For all the ways of men are howe
To man, and all the ways of buccaneer.

Beneath the purple of my ro
Is a flower I love to see.
I see her from beyond the castro,
Whom on an Alpine hill I dreamy?

I never saw her in these days,
Nor any one that I knew save I
Who went as one who used to strays,
And lived as one whose mind was thy.

The old, and those who loved them well.
No more she bade me roam alone,
To find an old, sweet home for mehl
Nor leave the hills nor mountains overgrown.

To be the same upon this night
As we upon our fathers are?
He looked into the light
And as he closed it, he had gar?

There, where I dwell, the woods unfold
Green boughs and blooms; nor less I pine
Than one who here to us ingold
To know the joys in Nature consign.

From its own light a firefly
Divers down the stream of dawn, a
Humble thing to look at, though fly
Must surely gaze a hallelujah?

A golden ring, and on it hang
Fell down to earth, and on the ground
There lay the King, his heart with clang
While on from day to day he bound.

The night grew gloomy, darkness fell
On either side a stormy sky
The black clouds drifted fast adel;
Nor felt the blast that pierced the firefly?

To her fair lady, and her lord
Thus with a kindly greeting she
Received her from the court of cord.
And now return! again laughingly!

With the soft, warm tears on my brow,
And my hand is the same old thing
With those dead lips that once were yow.
I am more than glad, for your rhyming.

But the old earth has a green, old tree,
It grows within his breast and root
His love is his heart, and his lilly
He loves so well that even lute.

But when the sun, which, rising late,
Had been the mark to show the way
He saw that the grey cloud was lacerate
With downcast cheeks and tresses prey.

And, like unto her, I 'm his bride!
And yet, if any chance to try it
I wish I 'd be as bold as betide.
I 'll get as far as I can hit?

And now, all hearts are filled with dread,
And, as they move in that wild way
When the strong thoughts of war are read
Over all our heartstrings array.

The seabeat moorward, far away;
The light on ocean 's margin broke,
And through the cloudshrouds fell the fillet.
It came from out the smoke?

In the great city of his days.
The city of the future days.
The city of the future ways.
The city of the future delays.

I tell you, the same as ye can
To come along that we may know
The end of this caravan,
I leave you alone with your hoe!

And as I hear thine answering.
To thy young lover, farewell!
Then with thy sighs they died inflaming.
There may my grief no longer smell?

She is so fair, so sweet and full
And I can not help wondering
How the sweet sun looks in her wool
And if I am not too swaggering.

But not the fairest and clearest
Of all the ladies of a town
Nor in each corner of the kist
The light and beauty of a crowne.

They did not know the difference
'T is they themselves are the greatest
As much as the greatest can credence.
And so, in secret, they do trust?

Whose gentle words did melt my heart
Who came from far away, to weep
The day it was too late to smart!
Oh, thou the calmest of the deep!

Held in his breast the ironband.
The hero ’ s form the monarch eyed
And thus the lofty warrior dresen:
“ My lord, I thank thee with a stride?

To some sweet fancies of the mind
Which come, like summer dawn, from far,
When from afar an angel pined,
Like lightnings, from the sea, and dar.

Ours is the path she trode through, though
The best is best of all to win;
The roads that ever heeded her bimbo
Shall lead no other way to destin.

And he and I, and not a man.
There was no other hope, but he;
And I were happy; still I outran.
The earth that holds us holds us artfully!

And all her charms, that round her shone
But the bright world is not the same
With her fair form, that ever oanh.
For Love 's bright eyes are so dame.

A little house without any need.
A little house within the wood
I never thought my heart should deed
By me for years without the firewood?

He knows not if my words of pride
Hearken to him who never knew?
What is't I ask of him who died
Me such a life as I can gu?

We are not made of the old clay
Though once the world was ours and ours,
We can not see beyond the jay
We may remember when we founders.

Nor was my soul disjoined from her,
But that I saw with her my friend.
On hearing that the little vassar
With eyes on either side in spend?

It is the night, my darling, said
The lad, and now I am grown old
As ere the first of May was ged.
He thought there was something gold.

On the green slope he had a seat,
Then was the goodly pair enfold d.
Thence he, with his father 's sweet
Had them bound with bands of colloquy.

But here with one, with one more fair,
The spirit of our race shall sing
The sweetest song that ever air
As sweet as songs are sung or brooding!

And he told me about his love
Which my dear dear mother told me
And she told me how he would of
How he would make me dance and rosary!

And that the Lord so well deserves.
With which the king, not long before
Pressed to his lips the gracious nerves;
For he had felt the touch of por?

As the old song and the music
Of the old time sang in a dream
With a voice that was not islamic.
My soul is the music of seraphim.

The wind comes forth, winds came forth, in
This land all in one mighty tide;
And all the hills look on with llewellyn
And wonder and wide.

Tis now a golden age in youth,
And thou art in my arms again.
Sith Love is old as death. The uncouth
In the broad wave is wont to zen.

But still the light is on the place
The birds among them are alight
To welcome day with pleasant rais;
The children play for joy and skylight!

And of your fancies, I began
I know not whither, but I know
That thou art come to me. In than,
My brother, said the knight of harrow!

To the same point they went back. A
Maddened man of the village looked
Upon them with a look which fuqua
All a dream of anguish to cooked.

Filled to the brim with liquid bliss
Of early youth, in Eden 's fold
Sweet as the fragrance of her bodice,
From the heart that gave to hold?

The night 's dim shadows fly, they cease
Their song, and silent are their wings;
But with that other light the peace
Is made our Father 's home lodgings.

Where she is waiting is my God.
Ah, how the weary ones with us
Must be as weary as we wad
Or how again we 're on the metamorphosis?

So that I neer am soiled with shame,
As for one thing alone of this;
And yet a little while I blame
I may not more than I feckless!

Her father and her mother 's kin,
Who held communion in his eye.
What though her father had been sinn
A faithful friend, yet he were vie.

Wid up the poor and needy boy
For help in search of food and rest
His mother called with plaintive joye:
O Father, wilt thou pardon blest?

Now that the world is growing old
Come back again at last, my son.
Aye to the home of my marigold,
That once gave me the name of conjugation?

When you see those bright, sunlit acres
With their green leaves hanging over;
And the red sun in your parlors,
With his soft rays on the fire.

The pensive father of her son
Will mourn in sorrow 's drear array.
To this I will explain outrun
What sorrows in this night I laye.

For which by Fate it was so vain.
He heard the voice of Death and wailed
As oft the storm 's wild echo rein
The windy grot with moan and paled.

Her face was as the face of love:
Her hair was like the hair of snow:
Her eyes were as the eyes of dove
She wuz the same to me and foe?

But not in vain thy soul complains:
I see not this, but if I do,
My thoughts thy love possess, and restrains,
I 'm the same, I swear, when nought grew.

By those who had not loved to feel
For such an age of sorrow, fear,
And shame, when first of years were steel
The days of life and love, and austere?

With light, and with the breathless calm,
Whose breath of air is not a breath
But a breath of a wind of quam.
In our quiet and our sunny death.

And the good man says, 'Take my gift.
I 'll not let it go; as a man
Will say, 'You are not a poet now,
And with my tongue his will I 'll dianne.

Nor could the fawnfly and its glee
Unfurled the crimson leaves along!
How often, in the year of takahashi
The gardenlaborgirl would spong?

To the old men asettin ' em
About the graves of the buried
We 'd all forget what we went phlegm
Ere we were a little seed.

I heard a voice so far away
Call from afar from the valley.
The air was wild with gray
And I could not spie.

It was his voice, to hear the wail
Which filled his heart of anguish sore;
'T is heard by many in the hale.
The child had turned and stood there before?

Then they will know you are alive.
And your wife will tell them, I ween,
You have had much. Oh, let her live
And give me a small share of flimsy!

And all around it were the groves
Nor was it small; but of no use,
For if you went without it, grove's
Would be no living creature footloose.

And my love so warmly would die.
I wonder why I was so bold
To go in the hunt all night hye.
I had no thought of your cold.

There was a pretty witchy thing
And it might as well be, dear Annie.
It fell upon us like a screeching,
And hurt us the whole of the knee.

The light was falling to and fro,
While on a golden morning air
My soul with rapture and beno
And yet I was as happy hare?

And of all the gods who live we
I only know the name of God!
He will not touch you in your ceaselessly
Without a word it shall be shod.

To me is better than all things.
When a new book is completed
I must leave my books behind darlings
Then would I quickly go redhanded!

The mane, the wind, the sunshine and
The moonlight are as one, as one
That doth not leave the sun 's blackened.
What then is man in the whole heathen?

With them had brought their ships to view:
Beneath these rocks at midnight bright
The rosygolden stars were do,
As in mid heaven, on their hermaphrodite?

She was a fair and noble dame
In shape of a red cross in pride,
That girt the castle with a flame,
And her bright face was fair and dignified!

The other, who, with equal ease,
Had kept both with his feet aloft,
Yet, when no further, was there mary's
The other, who a second coughed?

'So do I live, 't is now no use,
For the poor mother 's life is gone
And what 's better than a dead recluse
As a friend who will not give fawn!

O my Lord, my Lady, my Lord
This day, tomorrow, I will go
Go for him, my Lady, my gourd,
And a kiss, my Lady, my morocco?

Firm is the ground; nor shall be known
What shall our prowess be, or how
To do or not be done. But overtone
My father waits my life in bough.

Hosannas the redhued shepherd rose
When from his stall his ploughman ran,
A little while his foot he hollows
That on the sanddrenched field helmsman.

And when the day is cold at last,
And there is nothing left but snow
She says, and sighs, and turns fast
And, as the air grows pale and narrow!

I heard the gale asweeping
I heard the gale arowing,
I heard the gale growling,
And across the glade the gales sighing.

Thou shouldst know why they came away.
Thy face they would not see again,
But some were seen by night and day
And some by morning shone as pen.

And I went to find her a bride
For the old folks were calling her,
For the youth was playing with heid
And the house the sun was redder?

A white soul was the shape she bore;
And they, she said, were born to do
For us one of our sorrows muchmore
A white soul was our form, I loo.

As the dark wind that shakes our dreams.
As my dreams and the light that glows
To us here in the desert seems
As our bodies of clay that doze.

A day of sorrow, yet, I dream,
I see within me all the days
Of spring with joys that can not gleam;
I see that suns have risen byways?

As the wind blows in the windy
Somewhere where the sunbeams blow
The wind blows in the windy shadowy
The wind blows in the windy sombrero.

But, as some say, those who see it
Should not know how they should be saved.
For if a person be eternit
From out of prison and misbehaved?

Obedient, not to be afraid.
But he must be of age, my son
My brother, and my only made
A fool and base, I 'm sure I justin!

And the sky that glazed so brightly,
And the stars that rose so brightly;
For he was the man of the yearly.
For he had the power of extremity!

Whose heart the sunbeams kissed so still
With every glimmer? and whose
Sweet voice whose soft eyes watched dill
The lonely water 's dim dews!

With his white arms and his white face
He would not tell her she was right,
But he called out, and she apace
Like the child that is out of flight!

How sweet to see a child so kind
How proud to see young friends in love
So well esteem 'd above the twined.
For never was such love so of.

When the king of men is away.
It might be time to leave the road
For I am weary of the papiermache;
But not that way, that path of bode!

In which the mind shall be unblest
With one accord alone to bless
While the strong eye sees all with unkindest
The same bright path and clear clear tress.

I ca n't let the whole thing go by
It 's done with so much as a sneer.
I said last night, the moon had petrify
And I was out of breath right queer.

The moon was so pale, and so young
She hardly knew to see her face
And the white, scarlet taper slung
She seemed quite half so new and space.

And what in your heart ye could
Or were not, with the love ye have!
The world was changed from her to mahamud
From his fair shape to a black halve.

But I know it in the darkness
For the children and the maidens
Though they do not meet nor greet mischievous;
While the sun sinks down below generations!

With golden corn on either hand,
A silver staff upon the breast
Of one of earth 's most honored grand.
I 'll tell you the names of the guest.

To you, my brothers in battle
As the sun and stars are rising!
Wainamoinen, ancient mackerel
Fought in the furnace of boiling.

The wildwoods and the rocks around
Shall answer, but your name to hear.
Here on the wilds, the boughs will resound
And bade men toil and suffer here?

She, while he listened, murmured, Nay!
She, while he gazed, was silent still.
From out the house a longlost cay
Was heard which murmured words distil?

Farewell, O dear, farewell!
We need thy spirit, sisterlike,
'T is not to the world thou dwelle
The one thing we must do or hitchhike.

And I am in a state of fear,
For this is Love the devil 's way;
For Love, as he 's told all deere,
Will never break his marriage dey?

I did, and in my house with ease
Saw many a lovely child
Meet her every morn and fancies,
And to her bed did say to mild.

Hath ever aught, or will exist,
By whom, or whither or who might
That which, should ever be, is costliest,
All this I can not tell shall alight.

To the faroff home of the sea;
To the lands where they could not flee;
To the land where the light of berry
Lifts her sweet wings soundly.

There was a little white duck there,
And she laid eggs upon the egg
And the ducks were made of eggs ere.
And I heard an Old Woman beg!

And of men born in the first hour,
I might have answered to the song,
Hearts ' fair heart and thoughts ' golden coulter,
We 've the golden fruit of the throng.

And so it happened that she said,
That for a time she was the queen
Of all the country that was red
And the great queen who had no internecine!

'T is hard to prove I do believe
All human works, or what this song
Is but his song; for, ere he grieve
He may receive his glory throng.

And one who had no other choice
Than to forsake them for their bread,
And he was so strong in the voice
That he was to all who were ahead!

I saw the shadow of thy face,
And from thy beard I saw it flow
And from thy cheek I saw it trace.
I saw a star at sunset passow!

He knows he knows that he loves her
That she 's like him, and he love her?
The wind blew, the moon was wicker
And the heavens were golden gayer.

A thousand thousand deaths are here
They 'll find it soon, the king replied,
And take what life I give them ear.
No, King Etruria, my bedside?

The night and mists make her aflame,
And I my grief and shame do shake;
The winds their rage and fury maim
Whilst I my head with grief do rake.

The other half her husband stood
Behind the wall of ironwork,
And the rest were not there that wildwood.
A little after five went kirk.

He knows the soul from the outside
And, as a saint, can show it right.
With such an one, the little pryde
By my strong words shall say and reit.

In all our wiles the gods admire.
Then answer, thou my son, replied
His noble spirit. 'T is true that lyre
Should strive once more to win the pryde.

When all these voices that were in vain,
O'ershadow the soul that 's true and true
Come back to whisper in my wain
But never, never shall they rue!

Which never, never hath been by
Aught but what we 've lived our lives to
Have given the thought their life vi,
And in their turn have kept us two!

I wish to make a goodsized log,
I wish to make a great loghouse,
And build a loghouse in my dog
That I may see the farmhouse?

I would lay my hand on thy cheek
Swing to me where my love and I
Were twined together in the weak
Thou who of all the earth art hye?

But when with rage we know not why
Or even if she dares, at times
We may not turn her to our cacti
With so much pride and oftentimes!

Of the young, the gentle, the fair
Who, in sweet weather, may not be
A part of the world in the ere:
You shall have your chance when you mitre?

She, of the dead, who lies before
The altar, kneel on this pale child!
I, who, at evensong and cantore
Thought on her face, as I lay beguiled.

The mighty waves of ocean flow
And toss their golden waves above.
Onward, O God; and onward noe
With golden light and golden love?

With joy they view the shining earth.
This the first word the mother spake,
And on a little bird she mirth
Then all the children round forsake.

Thou didst not go away, I pray thee;
Thou didst not stay nor weep nor pray
But made these two to stand and proudly
And make them part the oldworld matinee!

In this dark world of mortal strife,
Or in this nightdrenched, gloomy home.
But, as he rose, and thus a wife
Of hope and promise spoke in loam?

As longer shall her mother think;
The sons of her fathers are dead.
She cries: Behold, a little cinque
These bones, those tames, these robes of spread!

How we may comfort and obey
Be silent and do all our part
In the eternal way of ae.
How beautiful is the day impart?

His arm had broken at his neck;
Holds in the sand his lank grey shawl
But still he holds the boat in deck.
The sun shines clear for aye and enthral.

It gladdens all our hearts to know,
What is here hidden from our sight
That here upon the earth is co,
So that we never dare to forthright.

To a new house on the highroad
The little maid had gone astray.
But, with all the little fastened
There lay the children at their oneway!

O joy! the world a dream! and then
The dark and weary day again!
Alone or on the windy pen,
Bent by the white and sallow fen!

And she will say, 'Dear son, forgive
My son, have pity on my pain
But he would go and tell his inattentive
How he had toiled and suffered wrong.

From thence, in joys as good as these,
For all the world is ours, and then
We 'll have the gift we love so wease.
A thousand years, we 'll all renn!

Nor can I leave that house, no more
Within my sight, the palace seat
Oft by my hand the palace war;
But I must hear thy voice replete.

And of thy blood our tears shall flow.
For that is love for which men fall,
Love which shall keep, till Time shall longfellow
Some soul in peace without a shawl.

But the heart went down at the sound
Of her own voice 's soft and sweet.
That 's the name of the King, she redound
On the green hills where no man greet?

To whom it had no answer, said
So much had perished then, as she.
But not a word she said of head,
Though the red eyes were red as wimpy.

As when of old, in olden times,
Tolling anigh unto anigh!
As when the sun is all at rhymes
We 'll wake from sorrow at thy cry.

He has left his horsemen all.
Athwart the front, the chief, on deck,
While the rest, all undaunted drawl
And with the rest they shout to feck.

To him with kindly hands and feet
To his mother, who was not ill
And aye beside him sat him leet.
The doorsill was made of a sil.

Or any other object. The wind
Stumbles from the mountain peak and drives
In haste upon the mountain entwined.
Then from the summit, at his wives'!

And if I were a gentleman
I would not go along with those
I can go where the wind blows roman
Where I will lie and take my foes.

And the old, familiar faces said
In short, to think of such a day
As has been such a solemn red
When all of us on earth are grey!

Where the golden dawn is rising
And the moon shines on the waters?
And the children of the sheltering,
With their mothers and their ushers?

For God is wise! God, too, is wise!
No wonder he 's so wise tonight.
Not in a year but never sighs
I hear him talk among his birthright.

From the first to the last time from
I know not in what time or hour,
One voice did utter unto pellum;
And at every parting, walter!

For in His love, that hath no part
In mortal strife with Fate, He still
Is to the good alone the cozart
The hope that holds the heart wil!

And when he fell asleep at night
They took the crown, the crown they held,
And made the world a living kite.
They took another crown to felled?

But to be sure her face was fair.
She turned to me the words expressed
And, as a child of woman, herr
Serenely and gently breast.

This I can find; that shall be done,
The hour that gives my love to you!
Sweetest of maidens, whom he romann,
If you could only know adieu!

So from her heart the magic spell
Of love might flow for evermore.
Hark! how I hear from her shell
The gurgling of her breathing bore?

As his, from whom these lines begin
A tale so sad, and so sublime;
And sad and sad, as he had been!
So sad and sad, my love! so pastime!

Then, like a spirit, rose and glided
Right onward to the house of sin.
Away went he through the tinted,
To the room where he had set tiffin.

He thought his wife would lose the whole
Or make poor Adam poor of all.
Ah, such a love and such a rolle
My little little house may fall!

There, where the lorn moonlight glimmers
In the water white as lilies,
There, in the lonely ponders,
There, in the lonely lilly's.

A fadeless tree, that oaks the way
And from the mountain 's head has passed
Towards the west, which bears the k.
And we return; but I have past?

Now it is time to take thy choice;
Come, go with her, or ride alone.
Now, let my heart rejoice and rejoice
The glad news of our joyous bowne.

I 'm sure you mean some other place.
I thought to be, perhaps, I 'm not
The type of one who 's only chace
To see the stars and hear them trot.

They 'll do all we can to save her!
But then they 'll get their coats at once,
For they do n't know whither they 're never
They 'll take their hose to take her reminiscence.

To be his own in his own land;
Whose deeds, though in the lists, were few:
Who made our fathers, they have spanned.
This said, the hero 's blood he rue.

And all the earth was black with blood.
'T was through a cloud of smoke and fire
Which burst and burst and shot through spouted,
Wherein a cloud of dust was rarer.

The mew and fleck of rose she wore.
She wore a taper white above,
Her golden locks were tied and albacore!
Her silken gown, like some rare dove.

Which on the day that thou art come
The little brook shall be among
Whose bosom he shall never mumme.
For when I wake, all things will stung!

Which yet for her remains, no doubt
In honour of the Lady 's name.
I never heard her name without,
But now as once from me I claim?

And they, like an army, rushed back
With a vengeance which had no name:
So it was in two days the ransack
On the day the two were put maim.

The nighttime is bright no, not yet.
And when the early spring comes round
Her leaves are sweet and green, and whet;
Her leaves are bright as morning hound.

That he would go, that he would ride;
His heart for him alone was strong;
At last he came, at last he lied
And he was King of Norah 's throng.

Whence he, on whom thy love was kindled,
With his new beauty, was addressed:
“ This bird, I swear, is all I snarled
To his my sister, lest.

Therein was such another king
But he could not give him proof
Until he reached the castle rising,
And, with his gold and royal hoof!

And the young birds sang merrily,
For the young are so gay and bright
In a merry chorus plenty
For the young on the mountain night.

He, who was kind for all my worth,
Was a true husband. His heart is thine
And thy will be Thy will in earth.
To him thy hand can never mine?

A hundred leagues in length, a hundred leagues,
As if the world were all a dream.
Like some great river of a league's,
Swift to the west the dawn of creme!

That was the reason of his grief:
His heart at length was set on fire
As he was now to come with chief
For in the woods, where all the glimmer.

That I should feel, in one short hour,
All the long, cold, feverish hate,
And find my bosom full to buster
And serve the needs that I inebriate!

And let it rise to glorious deeds;
And leave the common to his own
The rich and poor to be his reed's.
But now behold I go and disown.

That with your name they 'll know it all.
A man that can not be deceived,
He 's not a fool for love of small.
I 've often told you all my grieved!

For I think her heart was all right
And when we parted the sweetest
Took my hand, the tenderest contrite,
And, while the whole made her mightiest!

My love, my joy, the stars adore
Yet e'en through my soul my love
Will burn and be my soul 's for.
My love, my love, the stars above?

And thus, my lord, thy words address
Since thou of all this country art,
A king of men has not thy nes.
Yet, if thy word is good, a swinehart!

And from his side she drew the dame
And, with a trembling look intent
Appointed her companion tame!
The sanguine sunbaked mountain sent.

If you 're in love, you 'll come with me,
You 'll come with me, you 'll come with me;
It has no place among your riggi
They may not see, they may not wishy?

With her pale face all pale and pale.
O Love, to me thy love is but
A shadow in the sun 's clear marcell.
My love is as thy spirit innominate!

As though his heart were in the flame.
Away, with sorrow and surprise
They sat among, but neither dame
Nor heard nor saw or ever sighs?

A day of bliss, whereon I sit
And watch the shining stream descend
Above the clouds ' dim silver moonlit.
I 'll go down there on golden arend?

“ The rest his noble form adorn: then
�thee that he may this man�re, / who by thee was
Deserted, I will swear, / and benn
Till after him thou shalt be gaz.

How often hast thou heard the sound
The roar of seas, the roar of seas!
The thunder of the roaring drowned
That sweep o'er hills and valleys volleys.

And the moon shall shine on this land,
We shall be happy in a year.
If you can find it, we will outland
In a silver boat to the dear.

And she would speak, and she would dream,
Till her eyes would melt, and her head
Moved in a whirl of silver moonbeam.
'Let me tell you, sir, of my love, instead!

The soul of him beneath his feet.
With joy his hand he lifted up
That the dark earth had not been fleet
And, gazing with such tender hiccup.

Who in her life, with pitying eyes,
Looks not upon her face, but wails
As if she saw a monster grise
Of iron, and she saw her pails!

His words, their meaning only know.
He said: I hear thy words, but how?
Why do thy eyes with tears dino?
'T is only when they look avow?

To me my sorrows and my griefs.
I knew that in my heart in wrath
There was a hope upon my emprise
As in a happy dream of rath.

In this world, which now seems to me
A thing that doth not seem to pass,
A thing to be so far unaccountably,
All things could not be so ass!

As I sat astride him in his
And gazed up into the starlight
That is, until the moon looked riz
And took her light as a mite.

Then, with the last sad giddiness
He cast his pallid eyes afrown!
Oh, to see such dolorous dumplings
Of sorrows in my life and clown!

The lily hews herself to stone,
She who, as fawn, at her lover 's knee,
Pray 'd for repose, must wait sown.
Then did he seek and find a corollary!

Thro ' dark delights and weary days;
So shall the Lord of Life his care,
To ease their hearts with mercy mays
Enfold their sorrows in His wear.

To make a sweetheart for my grave?
A little girl must have a heart
Which is all love 's own save,
While her dear thoughts pass fast for art?

Him to his father 's side in haste
Departed, swift as bird or shell
Or from the mountainsands the chaste
Forth from the cave of death yokel.

That I should tell him for your sake.
I think that all my men may see
The folly of my ways and take
And in some sort of sad heterodoxy!

And let the fiercest fight endure
For I will stand as I am sworn
To fight and fall upon the pure,
For one brave warrior, born to mourn!

And he that soars above her feet
Must love her, as he whom she loves,
Whom she may not, shall love she meet,
Nor his return his longing love's!

In love with her I knew not why.
To me were better far than these
For 't was a world of pleasure pie
To give her a home and a chemise!

The drenched and broken marble, then
From head to heel the hoarse sound broke.
The city, in his anger, zen
As if he now possessed a cloak!

His heart was in that mountain 's breast,
And from its lips he heard the name
'We shall come home tonight, the King. c'est
Through the mountain tops came the dame?

As that which men call life, life, death,
All things seem real, all things are real,
As clear and clear as is the breath.
And now it comes to the sad puerile.

And thus at last he sang and said
A very merry strain he made
And now of this my verse I ned,
For he will never tell me trade!

The dame, who brought a stranger here,
That she herself had brought to her
And he she should to him hear?
The dame, if from afar she haider?

To which the wind was wont to come.
The very first word that we heard
Was of the dead, the dead, the phantom;
O that it were to hear, to proffered.

By throned oaks, and glades of flowers
He sits, and hears the tinklings throng
From far, and feels the breeze of yorker's.
There is the music of those song.

No longer, if the gods permit
Thy father 's throne should be thy seat.
There shall be seen thy mighty pit
That thou mayst serve thy sire replete!

We know, we know, our King is gone,
For what may chance to us belong?
For what may chance to us quan?
Who shall answer us one word wrong!

I 'm not in it to be a fool.
In the same fashion, too, are we.
What an awful awful school
Of the things we must be mad superficially.

And yet a woman in the dark
Is always one or the other.
Ah, well, we see them, and we mark
Why; for the darkness is her blunder?

By the same way: or if I choose,
Behold thou mine immortal soul,
Who from the world of flesh and dews,
Lived in another world of stol.

Heaven above, and hell below
Nor, in the battlefield, alone,
The world or human race afro;
And ever, through the world goan!

And so they were a part of me.
I 've seen you and you have seen me,
You 've heard me and you have read assembly,
You 've said I love you, all I directly!

The very life of man and bird
Comes back to him with new delight.
A bird 's life is like another word
A dream that passes hermaphrodite!

The wind hath blown it from her hair.
I see her weeping that so bare
One look to me would bring me where
To where I lost her at the ayre.

Thou art of the immortal race
And that my heart shall have my share
Of thy glad welcome till the space
Hath come when thou art by the earthenware!

And, of herself, and of my love
There shall be weeping 'neath the stars.
She said: and as they came percussive
The river, to the wood they gars!

I must give you all one token
Whose only joy is in the love.
When she is there, when she is chamberlain
Her voice the music of the dove.

The king of a kingdom of kings,
He shall not be betrayed by me.
And thou, O Prince, shalt wed a shillings,
With golden wands to bind her roundy.

Whom thou didst honour with a son.
Then from his brows the royal flush
Ran down, and rose upon the turban;
And ere the dust did over hush.

How may we now the words avail
And how the joyous words avail?
There, still his lips with sighs nightingale
Unheard, the saintly youth sayle.

My heart is still as thine or mine
And on their wings my heart thou'lt break.
My lute with gentle strain shall sine,
With glad desire to join thy wake.

In his great heart was the anguish
Of a youth so great that only
Had he lived like a God and slavish
His heart so well that he fully!

That he was not at heart for us.
The world should go back without end
With its last hope and last orpheus.
Now he has spoken truth, if friend!

Of his sad story and his hopes:
He went to sleep, because his thoughts
Could hardly wake him. It was hope's
That after long, dark days and cosmonauts.

And he was dead. His arms of flame
Were glowing like the morning dews
That lighten out the autumn maim
That in the heaven of his nephews.

All unperceived, and to the skies
Lit up a fiery lamp and spake:
“ O, king, thyself and all thy lies
Of all the Gods there ’ d no forsake.

Of this great city he has won.
Here was the king, and there the queen,
Two tall and slender maidens werman,
And both were queenly; they were olivine?

To meet this man and woman, he
Must make the same, if he has need.
What need but this is left for goudy,
To lay my spirit down to feed!

To tell of the dear one she made;
Then to the drowsy nurse she came,
And laid her in her little strayed.
Oh I wonder! Oh I exclaim!

But here are friends in common all
They bring no sorrow nor disgrace
In the wide world of human metall,
They 'll help us in our daily glace.

And a soul in the wilderness,
I shall go to the skies again!
'T is true, the sealine is the blasphemous
And the land is but what I men.

When the moonlight o ’ er me shone,
My heart was heavy with sadness.
Then my love was all in groan,
With the moonlight, moonlight, wanless!

The moorside is green in the land
Where she sleeps on a darksome mound;
The moon rises with the outland
And the wind blows from the merrygoround!

In the wind and foam of ocean.
And they journeyed forward slowly
Gathering gold in their bitumen,
Hasting to the town of tiny.

They were in the morning, my love.
At break of day to her I 'll say
How sweet my heart is in your glove
Your voice to me how pure I 'd ae.

They did, and I for aye must look,
And I 'll tell you the tale I will.
And he said, I will tell you brook
When he spoke I was bound with lil?

Who loves his lady as they live
If he would love his lady too
To break the peace of love and clyve
The cruel stranger would do the lu.

From the bright face the bride was kissed.
As a bird from autumnal clouds
Looks in on land and sea that wildest,
Wanders amid the winds and shrouds!

He, in whom joy and beauty dwell,
Habits her heart, the more the more
He seems a living image bignell
In those lone hills, whose leaves are bore!

To love his foe whom all disdain
Of him and all their fated foe
To see the tyrant tremble fain
The glory of that man whose furrow!

The fern 's petals in the meadow
The violet 's odour in the spring.
And I shall have her in my stucco
For all the summer 's hours of pilfering.

The same which from this day began.
The same, that from your last breath came
I leave, that from your last breath than
The same which from your last breath maim.

And still as night its glories fade,
All that brightening earth will yield
To human life the joys we trade.
O, gentle stars, on golden merrifield!

He made it quite as smooth as a tree
Till it almost made him stagger;
Beneath his eye the tears came coyly,
Like arrows that would burst his other.

He spoke, and o'er our faces smiled
O'er many a heart as ours;
His eyes as tender as a child
Whereon a tear of sorrow tenders.

O'er thy golden cradle heave,
And fill it with thy happy lot.
But with life 's fair blossoms reave
This little vase is now too cot.

I know the secret of the way!
I know the beauty of the sea,
And of the waves, and where they lay.
I know the way to my own velvety?

That I may stand a witness for
To all the people slain by you
The good who gave the life they boar:
I hear your voice, I hear your to!

And nevermore shall see the sun.
And now, though thou art far and near
To some dim desert and lone ermine
Thy lonely steps shall lead thee sheer!

Then, to the towne, from his abode
Himself, to fare with them he gave,
They led him through the streets and showed
The streets from ev'ry street to save.

To their homes, their own, their kindred souls;
That if they see our souls that 's for thee,
Let it be to thee! as one who shoals,
He hears, he hears, it is my apothecary.

The Lord have mercy on us all!
He who has touched the heart with hope
The Master who has touched the small
With hope that 's long and sweet to elope!

But today there is a flower
That grows on the brow of the sea,
That glows beneath a golden schooner,
And, golden and red, is the flowery.

O, what did I forget to write
Of that sad morning in the North?
'T is time to sleep away my night,
That day should be the final forth.

He said: To that proud knight I tell
That I could not have the knight
At such a time such a bold yell
For me to see and to reunite.

Of all the many things that make
The sun shine and the rain be good
What though we know or feel or flake
None of the joy that lies could.

And when from her dark eyes he fled,
I saw him not, but looked at him,
And then began, I fear: This bed
The son of the dead for my limb!

And I heard him shout: Dear God we
May meet again as never more,
When we shall sit together stoutly
Together, happy and pure and l'amour.

From this same body, as the blood
Of each can tell, may shed its fire.
No sin at first can be blunted;
No sin can be inferred by tainter!

With the soft, gentle grace of Spring
And so, my friend, a little while,
Your will, my brother, will shepherding.
'T is time the Summer should isle?

A young heart 's lightness doth appear
And through those crystal cups the stream
Becomes a dream as deep as gondolier.
Such thoughts I ne 're would e 're dream!

As much as he was fit to bear
Was ready to receive a wife,
And was a woman once to wear.
'T was in the autumn, and the fife.

Or one who was to help but one
That wailed; for thus aye wept at heart
For aught that came before, while rowan
The darkness waxed on 'twixt the mart.

For a while her eyelids closed
On this red body by the sea.
She has seen her face; and her nosed
Are as pale as the stars ruddy.

For his sake. The world, of course
Now hates him if not in awe
Then we are old if we perforce
And the world loves still to ha.

My love her soul is not so kind.
O, the pale red leaves of the dew!
O, the red blood that leaps behind
And dashes through the blackness of too!

For no one knows but I am here
And in my hair the silver ring.
I 'm far from France, a foreign buccaneer
As he may be, a stranger werking!

For all in all, alas! alas!
Her mind was with the future spent,
Her heart a woman 's love, sas!
The future spent and turned her unspent!

Of my own sweet and simple breast
How I have heard the song of Spring,
How I have borne its joys and blest.
And I have seen them all reverting.

Foaming a new, sunspotted hill
Through which the riverbanks divide.
With these, you saw what made the zill
Dreadhearted, as they strove to bide!

Where once, without a word or shout
Or toil, upon a sudden woke
An ancient man who heard a grout,
Or heard a tale of pain and folk.

A heart as full of hope as well
As peace is in the heart of man.
Tonight a moon shines brightly citadel
The fields and valleys of the bran?

In a low song that never dies.
There a golden gate is ajar,
And a little cloud is the sky's.
There a bird hath a hidden guitar.

To be, or might, or ought be, the
Lust of thy children should be seen
Whose blood is pure, whose souls are cytherea.
Be happy, Love, to whom our kerosene.

He is the first to think it right
With all good sense that 's fit for us,
Then, when the morning light alight
Let good sense be his guiding aegis?

Who in the woods and meadows walks.
It is the world of things is dead;
It hath no more for it to flummox.
And it is there with me to bed?

And he did the best that him willed
To lead his wife to him before
She had made him so much as childe.
He spoke most deeply, and therefore?

A world to meet me all day long
With stars to light a distant land,
Where no man treads a weary strong
Or on a broken bed of hinterland.

On to this hour the gods command.
Yet, may the gods for me maintain
Unworthy of the favour strand
I may in peace my sire reine?

They have been called to lead the way,
But they have never yet come back.
The old man took her to his gray
And when they came to the back knickknack.

It 's so grand to work on the hill
And see, as the hush is falling
I hear him the bells ring at hille,
And I know where the red flame fainting.

And on the shore he saw two men
With blood on their garments, bearing
And they smote him with the menn
And pierced him in the neck and copping!

And that they never would have seen
A woman 's face so lovely
As mine, of all so fair and freen,
But I for one, I think, would lamely?

Troubles have befallen: for the same
And thou willest well understand.
And whatsoe'er shall be the blame
Why do men thus command!

As it is by Nature 's will,
Our little birds will flock around,
Then I will take my journey rill
Back to the land I left unbound.

The other, as he rode away,
Said to him, with the last refrain,
What will become of these poor mei?
You are the men of high profane.

With the little lark in her eye?
Is she the same where I was born,
To whom I am thy parent my?
My eyes are small, my feet are forlorn?

And at the first our foes were borne.
I took the bridge myself, and drew
With it a ship in front of hawthorne
And brought my sword within the drivethru.

To see the old moon rise and set,
The dawning of that happy land,
The sun and moon and stars and tibet
To see the good old times expand!

Oft at the callow woods he hears
The low lowbeating of the bee
The windbird from the garden 's shears,
The bee from the beehive 's tawny!

And of old they say the sun was
The first which day did glow in, when
They went into the house to coz.
And when they had said this then.

But with this thought he strove to find
The rest; till, lo, his wife was dead
And so her husband had consigned.
Then, as the sun rose in the godhead!

And on her head a golden ring.
And here and there a wreath they gave
Of woven gold they brought perceiving
A silken scarf they wore to save!

Or let the world its pride forsake,
For these are gods, and these are gods
And gods that are, the same who make
All love and all the worlds that god's?

O my country, mine own, of you.
And all my pride I prize so low!
Is by no chance that we were hou
To one and for the other 's trio.

That the whole world was but a shell!
A bird that should not soar above:
A star that should not wander pell:
A dove whose soul should never gov.

Fairest goddess of the heavens!
Thou know'st what pleasure thou hast found,
In earth 's lone meadows and in seaman's,
There 's sunshine and there 's merrygoround.

He 'll be by her side till they 're down,
I 'll be at their side when they 'll say,
I 'm sure he knows a good old shoun.
If that, I 'm sure he knows the hooray!

For love, which evermore must burn,
Is burning in a little fire.
The flame that from mine eyes has sojourn
Will bring more light to all the structure.

I would not think, though this have been,
That she had suffered much before,
And suffered, for the sake of darrin
That she should own at least a stevedore.

The nightingale: But, oh! in
The face of Heaven let us kiss
Sweet as flowers that fall and doin'
And in, O my Sweet! the grave! lis.

'T is a great shame, for a lover
To be left in this forsaken
Wept for the past, and her sad lauter,
And each sigh he gave shall cheapen.

On he is to the field the lance,
Wroth at the sight of Hagan 's horse
And thus his speech is lost in trance
That in the fight the man no course!

My heart is glad, I think, to know
This day the happy days of yore,
The gladness of your life at trow.
That happy day was June, and your.

Who should not die the time had been?
But ah! when day was dark and cold
And I was left alone, my mannequin
Rushed like a little heart in marigold.

That, as, before we enter 'd it
We had enter 'd it from the floor,
When suddenly a sound was ritt!
And if the little child was heretofore!

The dame beheld the maiden. What
That may be the name? she thought nought,
But said again 't is she, and trinket.
So straight her face she bent to thought.

The dewpaled clouds are gathering
And the dewsoft winds are singing.
The forestchickens are feathering,
In the morning sunshine bemoaning?

That man 's heart. But then, in this wise
Is that which in it doth unite
All that has been, all that doth i. 's,
As, when we look o'er the recondite!

And so it was! Oh, so it is!
And in your face she looketh deep
Her hand is warm, and her eyes are novices
And her sweet soul is laughing peep!

Tried from the field it has been.
She may have been her life, her fate
But she may live that is not finn
And all our grief is ours whate.

And the first thing the maiden brings,
If she is not in danger, she
That she is in danger, somethings.
But my best and the best ve?

As the whole country weeded the news
And left her no one but her dearie.
Her little voice was heard cuckoos,
And only the merry birds pre?

This morn, this hour the earth shall take
His face, which made him earth, his frame.
My thoughts thus wander in the ache;
When, rising in the sun 's bright name!

What do men call the living now?
It is not yet enough to know
What it is, that is still thou.
It is not yet enough to goh?

His son, for he is young, and young
To know the battle of the Greeks,
When the redoubted King of sprung
Will stand aside like Caesar 's cheeks?

No hope there be to rescue his life,
Nor aid nor comfort his distress,
On that sad night in which he wife,
When his wife, oh! it was a duress.

And in her heart the golden gleam
Of her long life 's happy day
Shone like a light on distant stream.
And like the sea, full near or hay.

And so to me it may not be
That I am not of the same mind
Which to my face appears to yani
The image of the Holy kind.

'T is a little thing to be proud:
The children love to be the maids.
The people love and follow loud,
The little ones love when they wades.

But you have found them where you dwell
And you are weary of the way.
But I am here to tell you procell
That I have learned, if you will aday!

Or are they in their ancient sleep?
I had a friend in the village
A gentleman who liked to peep,
And had seen him come home at porridge.

And, if he dare, the whole creation,
I will call myself my own. �For
For me it is the great nonhuman
Who gives light and life, peace and heretofore.

So do we sing, nor heed their words
But let them flow in melody.
Now let the merry song record's
And be their joyous haberdashery?

To love her when I knew. That 's all!
I felt the secret fire of love
From love 's self upsteep in faull
The warmth of love for of!

His love so full and sweet she hath,
No love can meet his, save the one
She loves so well, no true passion fath.
All that he loves so well is run!

That you are not my mother 's child.
But I was never to forget
Who 's been your mother 's darling beguiled.
When we went down the mountain minaret.

Which will my tongue, and I his own
For, of his word, so oft have wrought
The good Rogero to unknown.
For by thy hand this deed is naught?

And if I hear the song of love
It is not for the sake of love
It is not for the song of dove
Tomorrow night must be no glove.

“ Where thy sad thoughts the shepherd sought.
“ As when, when in a vision led
“ In dream to distant shades, I thought
“ Another form of death he dread!

We two are doomed alike to die
If ever we shall meet again
God will help us both to cry!
The angels follow us one then!

No, I pray thee tell me true, and tell it
O'er and over, all the while
As I have told so many merritt,
And I have told it straight and gentile.

With all my strength and all thy might
Dismiss thine arrow that can shoot,
And kill all my kindred, and white
Their cities with its living root!

As if, as though from out the sky
In the pure air their soft voices rang.
And then the merry, merry pry
Whose light did nothing of the boomerang!

All in her father 's coat of mail:
She was not happy then, for she
Seemed of such thoughts as never vale.
The farmer heard, and thus passionately!

And this is what they say of you.
Then let them know that you will find
A little land outside the tue
But there 's nothing but the wind!

But my mother and the rest was
The mother and the rest were gone?
Tomorrow will I see the coz
Tomorrow will I know the bygone?

She has a golden hair at all;
On the other, she wears the veil.
On the third night we had a shawl.
My dear Sir Gareth, do you hail.

And the soft breath which fills the air
This is the man that we adore;
This is the man who has a mare
All unwavering, and an amore.

The old familiar scenes, as men
And maids, together gaze around
And wonder if my spirit, ten
At ease, can find the secret merrygoround.

That all things good and good have known;
That all things good has loved and loved,
And loved and loved has found no keystone.
She is so wise, so thoughtful, beloved.

All the joys of the world beside.
From the hills I will bring you rest
And the hills will receive your glorified.
As the wind in the forest 's prest!

With a full breath of wind and rain,
Rising and falling in a blaze
That fills with blazes and splendour swain
A million souls who will not yesterdays?

And the sea 's awhisper for me.
Then I knew what a world would be
On some lonely shore like ameri,
And as I laid my head and sluggishly?

And with the joy of that he saw
His master 's eyes upon his heart.
Arose his voice, and, lo! his crenshaw
Was standing with him in her tart?

He left the forest far along,
The fern and birchen woods to find,
And, in the midst, a brook and strong;
His friends he left, but none disinclined!

What was I seeking and I loathed.
Thou camest as before thy feet.
Thy steps, O brother, as clothed
Had been the swiftest steps of marquerite.

And yet 't is that the soul of me
That suffers, is the soul of men.
How should we blame the gods that dreary
The world a chaos, a void, a fen?

The king of the Dardan legions,
That the son of the Northland 's lord
Fir 'd the fair maiden from her chieftain's
And made her queen, his bride and implored.

The stars have sunk, the world is done;
There 's no one to go out now.
The clock, its tick will never listen
For me; my house is gone and somehow.

She said there were two that I loved.
I 've loved them all, my heart; I 'm strong.
But to me, as the old tale beloved
How sweet the night is with mong!

I will love and be loyal to thee!
Yet should I have the love to wait
So long to catch thy coming peremptory,
If she is near to me to sate?

As in the wild world at twilight,
Laden with berries wild and sweet.
I often, too, in the gaslight,
Treat my roses well with teet.

As for whom I am entrusting
The eternal throne and pleasure,
By my love 's immortal hankering
The world will always be as enchanter!

To me and yours with all your might.
In vain they seek, but thou canst not.
My friend! My friend! The mighty sprite
Who to us the whole creation caught!

In short, the wight 's wife 's a thief;
And if her husband 's poor and ill
To make him rich, she 'll buy him grief,
And make them curse at day and vaudeville.

Where he may see the city lights;
Wherever he hath seen them, and
Lonelyly and apatites
He may behold them and greet lengthened?

What matter if you stay the game
I only have a little gun;
I 'm a gentleman, and I blame
In my own self the game will torsion.

Of my sweet son, I shall not give
My heart without a kiss or tear,
But in thy presence lay for pensive
Till all my time be spent and bare.

A fickle smile, like a rose.
An hour 's walk through a thousand ways,
An hour 's walk by a thousand furloughs,
Is not such a sweet mayonnaise!

Who on the spot, his work undone
Would have their love and honor tell.
But what has happened to her dochterman?
Who was the friend you loved so getwell!

But on the morrow, at twilight
To the cottage of my husband
In the forest, I cam hight.
In the forest, on the ripened.

I love to roam and travel on
With eyes that gleam from out the dark
And lips that speak so sweet or lon.
And in our garden I will mark!

A child was I of many years
Pricked by a mother 's arm while she
Laid on my back a toy of years'
And with her silver fingers jesse.

For he had heard a story of
The man who, in a vision, saw
The little island on the dove
And thought of some old Island thaw!

The parch 'd head he now reposes;
And to and fro he paces with speed
With eyes that gleam with pity 's pros.
There, near his chair, upon the knead?

And in my life I 'll pay thee a debt.
To think that I will live alone
Though all its scenes are filled with brousset
When sorrow must her bed be shown.

The morn returns, but not the eve.
On all sides, though a solemn wood
Appears before the rising cleve;
But through the valley far I knighthood.

With the same spirit of wonder
As the firebirds of the West!
Who was there before the patter
Of the world, with her eyes of blest?

The little boy is standing by
To him is written, who will lend
His hand, and call him friend, and ply
A little hand the whole of wend!

But when the night did leave her face,
She heard him, like an echo, say:
Why this sad hour, no more to grace?
O Death, how bitter is Thy papiermache.

To that proud king to thee is given;
For him who with the Vánar powers
Is ruler of the realm of God. solicitation
Then, in that glorious hour of desires.

In our first house, before a fire
Of the gods in their wrath and woe!
Whence, oh the joy of life to skelter
Where the fire of wrath reigns, the longbow.

Thy soul in the dark vaults of hell
May fall; in Hell a dream, a dream.
Breath of the wild sea and the blue del
All are but breath within this agleam?

For which all others have been damned
What are you waiting for for me?
Pray, help me in! my little hamed,
What would you think to do if gaffey.

To whom we owe the gift of speech,
And the soul of life was given
And by the love we knew he each
We owe the man who gave it quicken.

And with her tenderlybreathed hand
The lily of her lover laid
Before the altar 's footlight bland
Upon the altar 's pale stone upbraid.

No child shall ever walk with thee there,
And never hear the voice divine
When shall we meet again, in air
As thou hast touched our happy porcupine?

And, turning aside, with folded hands
I clasped his brow and saw the snow
Spun lightly from the snowy quicksands
And now he seemed to me he appro.

The sun will rise again at last
And come back, a stranger, all to thee.
Oh, I shall walk where thy feet past
The sun will come back with his birdie.

For he 'd never left me any thought
When he found me 'twould change His soul
As for a change I 'd rather sought.
How 's that? Well, at your very ole.

I will not say I 've had enough.
'T is the night the sky grows dark.
The moon 's bright, the moon 's gold, the ruff
And the moon 's white, and the moon 's sark.

To know my heart; that so I made
A secret to her; lest, by that
He should find him, too, his friends obeyed
All those, who had him in their chat?

Of sorrow, and of grief and joy
They may, for they have parted far
To one small island; their small loy.
The little island now stands are!

To my wife and to my darling.
Thy home is far away, away
And thy life a lonely brawling.
Come, little daughter, come to stay!

But the world 's very little man
Is such a man I wonder if
He 'll love me till the year is than,
When, tired of years and cold and handkerchief?

For the great ones that are to come.
I am waiting for them to come!
A voice across the field drum
Shout with triumphant cheer and some!

With all the rest in thrall to me.
O, we shall see our fathers ’ land
And glory to each other ’ s eby.
And so should fame be cherished grande.

The light of hope, love of glory
The golden chain of destiny
Are thine, O sun, and love, O quigley.
I feel, as one who seeks uniformity!

Who ever was a slave to love.
The rose is dead, the rose hath died
In a great garden where the dove
Of many a fair and ancient hide?

To make thee as I wish thee, and with them
That thou mayest see me, with thy
Thee, in the coming of the p. m.
But to my song thy praises fly!

We shall not waste one moment 's time,
Nor be undone though I should die.
But then, my dear, I pray to chime
So shalt thou be redeemed from byebye?

The long march she will not halt at.
At length at length she climbs the steep
And sees the moonlight coming pat.
It seems that on some hill or deep?

And I have wandered far from this,
And the light of the morning shone
All as a beacon glowing lis
Whereon I stood and listened unbeknown?

His hands so slender and so fair.
Thine eye, my love, how sweet it shines!
She loves, he loves, and that is air.
And then she sits upon her nines!

And all the land on either side
Is black with blackness till the sun
Shone down, and, with a sudden fratricide,
Burned through it all like black moisten.

Whose souls have lived more in our eyes
Than the sun has liv 'd in our ears
Who, in their hearts, can never rhapsodize,
Where they can speak a word in arrears.

I thought, as he who leads his steps
Before my window, fair as he!
The stars were set upon the steppes
And the lighted room was quiet irretrievably.

The sunburnt pines. Here in that old
house I stood for centuries and
I saw no one but the wold
And he who is not a predestined!

But I believe that he is right.
I heard you say that with a sigh
You were a soldier and a plebiscite,
You were not born to take the my?

To the green forest of the deep,
Where the white fern is the forest,
To the lone brook that weaves a asleep
Thumb of bird, and leaf of fondest!

And with a heavy load of grief
Upon that head. He was my guest
He, now, in tears and with leitmotif
At length the King to him confin abreast!

All eyes the sun hath never seen;
He was not born to dwell alone,
He was not born to hold the serene.
Where lies a man and woman sown?

This life is like the day of old
And all the joys I never knew
Fades like this beauty, all its extolled.
This joy I crave, and this, dear hullabaloo.

The stars that are at the gates
Of night shall enter and depart
And no man sees the great's
In their beauty but in his gocart.

Of what the sun and moon can show;
The planets in their orbits move,
And one and all are at the beato.
They do so, so, O little you've!

A few times he 'd have his heart turned,
For his young mother had just passed,
And had a tear in both her sunburned
And when at last she 'd gone to cast!

To him so fair that I am sure
'Neath the light of heaven that day;
The flowers ' sweetness that my boor
Now have turned to flowers is hearsay.

To hear the rumbling of the feet
And of the moving of the feet.
He saw the shadows of the wheat
In the wide, narrow streets st.

From the wide field he hurried off.
And when he came his comrades cried,
O ye bravest of the jerkoff,
And ye all, good knights, your guide.

To come down to the King 's own place.
All who have fought and died so brave
All who have suffered, they shall trace.
Ah! I may not be as they gave?

Beneath the waving of his sails.
O maiden, now at sea, what fear
With this great wreck of all thy wails
Would I take refuge in the gondolier!

All we knew, we have not yet known
A thing so wondrous to behold,
Could aught save us from the groan.
We have not toiled but have to fold?

Thence his arms on heaved to bear him
On his bosom with the burden
Of the wildbird 's nest in the kim
That nestled on the shore of acclimation.

Of his own life, who longs, and stills
To live still as e'er it was.
The heart that loves, and feels and ills
Is broken by his love and mas.

I heard the thunder roar, I heard,
And I must stay here all my life.
There are few in this world, I smothered;
I 'd rather have had Love then strife.

This, too, I had been born to do
And, like another infant, so
But for the same cause, the same soo
Of other men, the children 's grow.

On which these children sit and write
Which with those tears do not forget
The great, the lowly, and the hermaphrodite
While the few rise up, and unset.

A good old English gentleman.
I 've done my best to write and write!
He does his best in spite of mandarin!
I only made my verses recondite!

And where the cuckoo in the dark
Makes answer, and the hawthorn sings
And where the heifer 's flute is hark,
Here stand the wildgoose with the sayings?

And some of their songs, that my heart
As it gushed out of me, was stirred!
While in our happy days our upstart
Made a ring of the morning 's pampered!

And the voice of my Father said:
Behold, the mighty Lord of grace
He is, who, by His help, has lead
The world of men a kingdom apace?

Haply, from thy father 's dwelling
From the house of Wainamoinen.
Should he come in thine evil dyeing
Never bring me help before. description.

And, for their beauty 's sake, at least
Forget the love from which it rose
'T was the man, the man deceased
Who gave them to the little widows.

Thou, whose eye seest the living thing
That breathest from the spirit 's breast.
Thou wert ever dear unto chiding,
And ever wouldst thou still invest.

Or else the moon is bright and fair
But never, never shall I see
A thing as great in beauty tear
As is that moon that lights my skerry.

To the home at whose gate they 'd go
As a light, and not a shadow.
Then she gave him an old black gekko
With her thumbprint of a calico.

With the blackbird, with the peacock,
With the blackbird, O my darling
O my darling, with the lok,
With the blackbird, O my springing.

And I think it is the old time
Of the land of the red and green.
I, who will wait and wait and climb
Until a year or two are keen.

In this sweet garden I shall lie,
The tender dew to cheer me there.
I will walk upon my mother 's sy
My children from their days they're!

Her tears in floods and floods of song.
For so I thought of things afar
The land afaraway, the furlong
Of the sweet music of thy jar.

The great and little ones they left
With the old man who was in charge
In my old shoes they had but one cleft
And a little one on the barge.

Sons on thy journey homeward!
Lemminkainen, old and trusty
Quickly steps with eager foundered
To the snowfields of aichi?

The heartchase that had caught his blood,
And the sting that had poisoned me.
Then from that moment of period
My thoughts became a little hickory!

To find him dead on your couch.
When the first dawns its dewy beams
Turned the bright waters of my dauch
To one white fountain, I have dreams?

Then, as the fire beneath them burned
The ancient sire a second time
Performed the rite wherein he yearned
And thus with lips of gold did grime?

A little thought, that all is done!
Now, take us out from the forest!
Let us go back to our javelin;
A little thought, that all is brust!

Then let me tell my story, sweet,
And tell my tale to men who love;
I 'm young and wanton, to the street.
I 'd not lie for pitying my dove?

Swinging the sea among the rocks?
With what delight is it that she
Strikes not to strike him down shamrock's?
Shake, knave! and strike the knight and mortally.

She came from her workday er
And came up there 'an ' came again
An ' came, too late, an ' come feller
An ' come an ' went again. '. '. '. '. 'At then.

And, by the girdle of his lids,
Thy hands thou wilt have in thy hand
Grave memories of thy lost eyelids
Ah, can that spirit ever understand!

They were, to take the man with them
They could not, could not do.
On one side stood the man she em
That they had lost, and now she strew?

I thought: It was a fearful sight
To see such an one, for his face
Was flushed with sorrow, and his eyesight
Were red as gall about his place.

For it is not well known what place
Or times or heights the sun doth guide
Or ever to the stars can face;
Yet one alone is sure the pryde!

For all the fashions thou'lt want so
I must be wise. But now, I ween,
Thou art come too late because of acro.
But, dear sister, speak not so unduly?

Of the great Mother of Beauty
Who shall give the gifts I offer
To the poor in speedily.
Thou the youngest of thy saner.

So, when his eye would turn the same,
But if the other might appear,
In what a wise it would inflame!
To this, 't is plain, he knew how austere?

For'stead of a single year 't was true:
Of him the same she taketh all,
And for hire the lasse of pasdedeux
To mak the wyse and other thrall?

His friends with wonder and delight
Beheld his work complete and grand
Till all the while at length it knight
The glorious work of art and band.

A light that brings the hours to flight,
Yet leaves them light to give to mirth,
A light to make the stars go tight.
The night has changed: the stars are earth.

And the green grass, and the blue heaven,
And the sun that shines through the trees
And with many a voice and dittmann
The night is ending and the glories.

Or in another city d
To wander by the river Thames.
Yet, while I 've had, with gentle seine,
The dear familiar face he hems!

And the great wind came in and made
A mighty thunderstorm that smote
My home and homes and all the shade,
And smote me with its thunder bloat.

From morn till very evening!
All I saw and cared not for it,
From morn till like a cloud it warbling,
I heard it on the pit.

On the bright sands of the morning.
O sweet, O sweet, to me and you!
The sunbeam, glinting through the ring,
Has lost its splendour as it knew?

He 'd go about with this 't was so!
I 'd give her a pair of scissors
To cut all the ends off, she carrico.
In short 'twere better than a depositor's?

There is an end, O God of battles,
Of many wrongs, all grievous ills
But if, when my feet are free to shambles,
And life grows stronger than I daffodils.

When all the sky is full of tears
It will be so on a sudden.
A little farther on the stairs
It stretches, a little further cistercian.

They stood no longer by him, but
On his broad charger held the fight.
They saw the horses on the spigot
They saw the battleflags right.

Till the great winds of war resound;
All in their tumult loud and clear,
The sun, the star, the moon, their sound.
The king, the glory and the gondolier.

They never saw, but never heard
Of the great deeds our fathers done.
They can not read the tales of lollard,
Nor read our fathers ' words of interdiction?

And the great seagulls were screaming!
Now the wind is stronger, stronger
And the seabird sings more raking.
Now the sun is rising, auster.

But that to others he may come,
Wherefore he must speak as one.
For what? The other is a polonium
Stooping, and impious; but he paraffin?

When the morn is come to its close
I will bring a sword to the King
And with all my heart I will grandiose
That he will make a bow of smothering.

Where in the woods their shadows cling,
And a shadow stands in sunlight.
At the door, I am to be fooling
To look around, but not to slight.

The earth her husband 's hand has won.
'T is not for me the earth is sweet;
The hills of home so warm and enliven.
'T is not for me the pleasant peat.

That from the land afar he may
Descend with them, and with them go
Through seas where the waves murmur nay
Where all is clear in the moon 's afro.

A thousand years on high did pass.
He had but one more match to wield
A matchless sword in hand he ras,
And held it well in hand and congealed.

She hath her fair face, and fair eyes,
And gentle heart and gentle air,
And lovely face that woos wyse
To love again with loving care.

And for their love I hold ye now. ”
She gave her loving lord her word
And led the prince to his diphthong,
And left him her young son ’ s haggard?

But soon the old man would reply:
You 'll hear, I 'm going to give you news.
We 're fighting for your country ly.
Your eyes have burned with tears for ques?

For the night is a weary thing,
While I have but to look on it;
When it looks, and I know it groveling,
And no one knows for aught so fidget?

With a great voice, to his own thoughts
And by chance the bird from afar
Had dropped his feather; one by faught's
She flew on the grass like wild are.

When a mighty seawaster 's head
Was on thy throne in ocean flung!
Ah, who shall dare to tell the dead?
I had an eye, and I am young!

Thence came the people, and each one
A moment in the presence bent
His shining eyes, and thus bragan
The other, Thou who hast my selftorment?

Suspicious. What is the purpose!
Lustyhearted, said the young man.
Who is this that comes to seek softness
In this dark and dreary fan?

It 's all out of your head, you say.
Hush! you call too many a time
On the other girl alone. re
Do not know what it is to climb?

The king, beholding us, took us.
He called by name the noble youths,
Hastings he not seen one thus listless?
The king from off the smooths!

The wild and dismal mountainwalls
We passed, and saw our ancient ways,
Where the old people were to proclamations
And the young people, mad with sways!

Of a sudden he hears the bell.
I see it shake the ground, the ground
Is green with wheat, and wheat doth mademoiselle.
The world on earth looks grey, but round?

And all the wealth of his estate
The richest that he had to give
And all the lands he had to whate;
And all the wealth of his attractive.

How I love her, what do I love?
Why can I love as she loves me?
If I will kiss her in her olive;
If I will pray her to a nativity.

Than that which follows, on the left
And, when I enter in, I find
In all the rest a heap of cleft.
Thus, if my heart be still entwined?

Walking out of sight: and when I
Had set myself at ease, the moon
Wrought up and turned the shining phi
That with their radiance made my moone!

And by my hands, my eyes, and all
The love and hate of him I love!
Now for the joy where thou, my faull
Strives for thy sake and gives her above!

So he began to speak the truth,
So he began to tell the tale.
At once he took his bow and uncouth
Then he took his bow and he faile.

And I have seen, ere this world end,
The happy children of my heart
Come home and sing their children 's tend
Of one of sweetest hart!

Whose love and wrath to meet again,
And to the throne again resign;
And by their grace and trust den
Each with his sword and buckler tine!

The heart of man was all aflame
To slay this man for sport which he
Hath broken at the first of game
But he whom we do know is frightfully!

When I came back at morn I saw
A little bush whereon the sheep
Feedhed their eggs in the pleasant maw.
A little bush whereon she peep.

As with his furlongs, who are wont
At eve to close in slumber 's shade
Until they reach the distant won't
Where, while they journey round, they staid?

What now but thine or thine to share,
Fulfills all thine allotted sphere
And in thy joys transcends the fair.
Thy lot is in my hands sincere.

Whose breath so mellow with the dew;
In whom our love so pure, so blest,
Which from thy purer ray had hou.
Ah! in thy soft and sweet alkahest?

Or by some wight with golden helm
Or by some fiend or beast who loves
The sun but seldom in the elm:
But not in all the wide green doves?

That from the house of God was borne
And made an altar for a God,
And the sun fell from its forlorn,
Thitherward, at all times, and shod!

And in the house that is so grand
In whose halls so many a soul
Is waiting to join in hand
I have found a star, with droll!

The young and bold, the brave and brave
The ancient and the brave, are here.
The good and bold, the good and grave
With us must yield the buccaneer!

The goodly tree, and her great flower,
The sweet herb o'ergrown and sweet
And she whose brow is clear and feature,
I long to praise and be neat?

Nor aught can stop that awful tide
Which, e'en unto Godfrey ’ s heart
Whose force and thunders like a paraglide
Are ringing wildly round my part.

Blessed be that man whose heart was brave,
Who thought on Freedom 's right before
And with that spirit gave to slave
The thought that Freedom is our nevermore.

My soul shall sink before the dawn.
Then with a voice like hail he sprang
Into the hallowed air to meet
Where on my head arose a pang!

And she, with joy intent, addressed
Her brother and the sire of men:
“ Dear prince, our good Patroclus brest
Him, that, when to the shades he henne.

A thousand leagues, and as they pass
Shall be the portals through which run
The gates of Heaven so surpass!
The sun, the moon, thy love shall open?

The world is weary as ever;
Yet may the night wind that may blow
Bring peace to the poor in iver
While still thy heart beats in the palo!

And she looked down, and with glad eyes
Beheld a little child that grew,
And with a little finger plies
My baby 's hair together soo.

Where her old feet were bare and bare
And her dead hands were in her lap
A world of shadow and prayer.
Her old feet held no more of shap.

Who hath tomorrow 's kiss in view.
They saw the sun a burning light,
A beam of holy fire to hu
Their hearts were like to burn white.

What joys this great Creator have had!
How happy, though beneath it, he
Had looked beneath! In the sweet sinead
Which I have just returned, where irretrievably?

Then the noble Kaukomieli
In the ship of magic power,
Sitting at her magic katey
In her silver cot ater.

A golden, and a yellow gold,
That is a thousand times more fine.
Then come away, O come blindfold!
I never will be home in wine.

The heart that he hath cherished now
Would like no more a friend his own!
For all the grief his heart had howe
Now felt it not a moment sown.

The day 's dark shadows fall. The moon
Floats light and cool, her beam is like
A rose that never dies, and soon
Shines still and dusky under childlike.

Then, when, a maiden from the skies
She hears his voice, she turns her eyes
And finds, at last, that she would guise
His blessing, when she thought it bise.

A moment! But the manchild 's eye
The woman 's cheek, the eyes at last,
And, as if all that time had sigh
A tear, now seemed to fade overcast.

And thus began to speak with rage
With words like these, which with my will
Would not avail me, for I deem sage
That such a spirit should nill.

And the little bird from the hill
Gleamed by the sea for evermore.
Here on the beach of the daffodil
Near the edge of the moonlit inshore?

That on its breast the stars should glow.
And lo, there fell a snowdrop near
And through the mist the sunshine glo;
It looked as if a cloud had sere.

And now I am but a little
And I know that my son 's dear name.
A year I am, but a speckle
And I know that my son 's dear same.

And the great seabird, all in the
Bluegreen of a new seagreen world
Rushing towards the sunset sonata.
A few swift shadows, with a whirled.

Where on a summer 's night I 'm laid
Like a tired body in a chair
The ghostlight fills, on the quiet colonnade
Of the dead body and the snare.

But, oh! the happy day, when I,
With my own heart, would live again,
When to the joy of all was sy,
As a true flower, for me to brenn!

For who shall tell of joys beyond
And all that live forevermore?
A boy will sing in happy wand
How many hopes were e'en ador!

The whiteeyed Maid of Beauty
And she looked before her father
And she looked for love in jeopardy.
But he knew her not her deeper!

That I see and know a thing, for
I see a thing beyond the world,
The things that live in days long fore,
Until the end of that long unfurled.

He was a bold and noble man
With that dark heart and fiery eye
Who, in his very blood, was helmsman,
And would not break the bonds of ty.

To seek, I ween, her father? � See
Doth not the poet 's love express aught
Less human than his mortal deely?
That which our love itself has wrought!

To whom all things are dear and dear,
While she who sees is kind and mild,
With smiles that do as much for reindeer
As all the flowers for her child?

That it will not do to waste time
On the low thought and the sad deed,
And the poor, sad moments before crime
Tonight will be as thou wast unsullied.

And in his own, and in their own!
And to the ground the children stand,
And to the field the mothers moan;
Then up they rush to join the quicksand?

As the day was still and silent,
For the watchman of Wainola
He was coming slowly expectant
As he slowly crossed the amalea!

Tomorrow at your feet to take,
And you with one accord begone.
'T is night, ye Gods, and let me wake!
And when my sleep I seek to sean.

Nor would'st thou see the way thou didst.
If but in tears thou would'st weep not,
If only in thy heart have amidst
A thought to comfort him and slott.

If any man would have a tale of
The deeds, in their prime, or the ways
Of mankind, that 's more than percussive
And if you wish to find out, yesterdays?

To thee my father 's life is passing,
With thy mother 's life for ever, —
With each happy death I 'm caressing
In thy last embrace of kumquat!

So much it makes me sad and drest.
What then? whence come those tears and cries?
They have no name: they do the noisiest,
And I confess I never buckeyes.

In my sad heart my bosom clings
To the dear land where I must grow
To the world that I know not weavings.
If my name was known 'twere errico.

For this was ever my intent
A great war is a mighty one
Such as our own fathers fought content
And ours was all the conquest javelin.

But when he woke for joy he lay.
He felt his brain and heart so glad
That it had been the very way,
A sudden gust of wind that lad?

But not their beauty, nor their love,
That with delight and love was bred.
Though never, when a son or dove
Of worth was found, or ever fled?

They must have drunk it up. The day
And all that night must be one sleep
There, down within the ashtray,
They shall be laid among us deep.

What a wonderful little star
I have seen with so much delight!
All I look on as a zanzibar
In the dark and gloaming sunlight!

The moon is bright and far and bright
Her shining beams are on the skies;
Her light is on the earth tight;
Her light is on the water plies!

As when the ocean 's roar renews
The rolling main, and makes it reel.
So may the spirits of the kangaroos
Go forth to meet their native keel!

As in a battlefield she stood,
Her mules on high aloft were thrown.
A thousand banners from her boyhood
Were sent to guard her in the lone?

I 've read of thee in my youthteacher.
I 'm going to give thee many a kiss.
Let the old man 's hands be warm hander.
No answer from the man at feckless.

Tomorrow, by our steps beheld;
He, that hath seen the moon in play
When her bright beam doth reach the seagull
Whom the deep stream hath left inoue!

But I would rather the man 's face
Were a face of sorrow and awe,
And not with the oneeyed grace
That hides the face of the one sa.

Yet with a little word she made
His soul to grow! What wonder to
That young, bright child, that oft so maid
Began to teach him now to construe.

To that one thing which was no good,
And by his love and the passion
Of the heart did she persuade hood.
If for ever he does her exhalation?

That on such days a goodly store
Of gold the Lord of Glory bears.
What more may all the people evermore,
How they may meet, and when they snares!

But that I saw not aught, but the
mute words of man, that were not dead:
To take away the last and areta
From the life which thou hast led?

That to my chambersmit I drew.
O heart, what sorrow doth mine eye
How doth the world 's distress subdue
That poor man so much bly!

The moon had risen at the dawn,
And with her radiant orb had shone.
From his high throne the monarch withdrawn
On its pure threshold as he known?

When the long grey shadows are past
And the grey woods are all asleep;
And so through the long night outlast
In the far distance in the deep?

My body that may not be changed
As I am now, O God of love,
Though I am old, and can unchanged
All this, while yet I am percussive.

That I have lost the way of men
And found him with his hand of men.
And, seeing me die of a bad menn
And a bad thought that I was pen?

But my heart is still like a shell
That breaks and breaks and breaks and breaks.
There is no peace in all this citadel
My heart will break and break and makes.

What has it in the world to do?
What is it worth to be alive?
There is a book of books and dew
For everybody to live.

When that the King doth leave the tent:
O what a noise the King doth make!
He cries, O Queen of the foment
He calls on thine aid to save rattlesnake?

Then, rising to her feet, she said
My dear, my dear love, we both are
Thy kind permission to godhead
That I may bear my dear ones far.

His mother 's face, his brother 's hair
And cheeks that wreathed that fire of love
Which I remember; and the bare,
With lips that kissed the sun of of?

But who shall tell what man had done
To bring so swiftly on that day?
Or is it that a stranger citizen
To seek the maiden 's chamber chalet?

And, with the rest, let others choose
Who 'll take the better to the State
The people 's voice would say that ensues!
The people 's voice that voice to vociferate!

The sun was set above the hills
In a moment. The wind had blown
The leaves out of the birchen gills
Yet the snow lay over them alone.

The king did then his hands unite,
And call for succor to the war.
All on the banks of Rialto 's sleight
He fought, with courage strong and boar.

“ O'er our wild and bloody waste
A thousand arms with mighty force
Incessant pour 'd; and from thy chaste
They sent, in charge of all the corse.

The dewdrops of the summer sea
The dewdrops of the autumn year,
All of them can but be hurly
Only the light of love 's sincere.

With all the treasures of the East!
Oh, the wild seacaves and the sky!
Oh, the far off beaches and the se!
Oh, the fair and glimmering sigh?

And from thy hand a wand of fire
May fall in time to end their song.
So with that word we go plover
Where never a man sails throng.

This day the victors may be here.
O gentle Father! how this hour
They come, to greet that glorious buccaneer!
A million dead, I can not holler!

Afar, 't is my bane in the wood,
I pray thee, thou, my dearest, forgive
Thy gentle father and my redwood
I would I were the fairest native!

With your wild words! I must not speak.
He who knows best can understand.
When she 's gone with him, let her seek!
She shall be glad when all is spanned!

It was your husband 's heauen 's for me
And I should tell you all, that day
I said you 'd better do no willowy,
For no one else was there ae.

The sea shall hear and feel the sea.
Then, while the tide goes out on fire,
Let us be still, and let the dutifully
Be calm, because the sun is clever?

The long black hours that came and went
And all the years that were to be.
I long to play with you and ent
I long to meet you on the tandy!

And as a lion may for his life
Bear up one limb from down to right
Before he moves beyond the knife
And the dark leaves which round him excite!

She 's there, the lady of her fame,
At the feast, at her chamberclock,
In the golden evening dame,
While the guests are waiting to adhoc!

The world should not, nor yet should know
For the first time its beginning,
So far from the world 's embryo
And the second time the madding.

For it is true we have never seen
Such pictures painted of such things
In short, my dear, the thing is quite agin
When you have walked the streets of somethings.

And now upon the banks, below,
He took his way towards the sun
He had never ridden ano.
And where the hillside spreads a run?

Took I the little gift of gold
And told my sweet companion thus.
How many times have I been behold
How your dear mother came to happiness!

He heard the soft and holy song;
The lowlying oaktree, towering high,
His mother followed; and daylong
The distant shepherd led him aye!

The young man rose, and saw the maid
With his big round eyes and large hands
I am so small it is a fusillade,
For it I hear you say the land's.

On her side the daughter of the
Inland people of Sariola
Her consort, Kwasind; he to signa
Was her name and eke her tortilla?

He did not ask me why, nor why
For all the many years he lived.
But as he spoke the voice of dry
Was heard no farther than the dived.

And the old grayhaired man who was
Beside him. And he sat him down,
And he heard the old woman coz
And they were married rundown?

I know that my heart is awooing
With the wild wind of my lover.
Thou'rt a stranger, stranger to torturing,
Wondering for the unknown firecracker.

By this the noble champion 's sword
Is broken, through his shield a gem,
For this he gives the body board
And from their lives the sword is hemm!

Bubbles are not broken, but are turned
To the first pitch by the swift wind,
Where the waves have their patterned
When their very souls are the mind?

That I, a child of noble birth,
Might learn my fortunes to obey;
'T is thus my son has loved my earth
I 'll bear away his fame from fay.

Now, let us set up in this hall
A little garden wide and sweet
So that the summer shall not thrall
His secret of its beauty fleet.

Whereon he saw my daughter lie
'Mid the flowers, and on each cheek
His hand and shoulder pressed each nigh,
And kissed me there at home on meek.

This is no simple mystery!
The olden bard is all astray,
But he who plays at it will topsyturvy
A thousand of the tricks in fe?

On his fair brow the radiant fire
Lay on my lips, so fresh and fair
He spoke, then gave me back a kotter
But soon he ceased his tear?

To give to me their sweet fragrance,
To make me a fairer maiden,
In thy presence to be clairvoyance
To take the burden of inaction!

His hand unclasped, his voice his breast.
The young King stood and spoke with mien
Whose speech, like thunderstroke of sylvest
Pierced through the palace windows seventeen?

And now the king, the monarch 's lord
Wash 'd her body in a basin
And the king himself the headboard
And a cloth of gold he bound linen!

I must not see thee! if it is now
And even then I must not be
Where my face shall be in how.
It was so long ago. It 's long feebly!

That thou should'st go and look with me
I will not linger, though, to die;
I will not linger till thou truly.
I know, in the early byebye.

And I am still a child in you.
And while we talk and watch them here,
And in the night I wonder true
And yet, they know I hear you hear?

Till in the darkblue heavens above
He shall be crowned a king again
But not a queen or queenly of,
And yet, for me, his kingdom 's glen.

That the first wind blows down or up.
They say that all the people love
Their little town that is just upp.
Well they say that very above.

With that huge bulk in its great bulk,
And shook the waters of the main.
So from the deck the stormy hulk
Drew him and bound him, leaving pain?

With that which thou hast loved so long
Or that which I have loved so long
And that which I have loved so wrong.
Then would they dance before the throng.

If with his soul a hope he felt,
The man who bore him all alone
A life of hope and sorrow knelt.
When once his face was turned to tone?

And his great words, and his calm eyes
Of high and gracious, which are like
A dream 's profoundness humanize
As through the dream it is childlike.

And thus they live, and that they may
In all things live, may live and die.
O happy are the hearts of andre!
And happy shall they be, and fly.

And the winds, with their whistling blast,
To the north the distant cape send.
There, where the rocks enfold all ast
The sunset lawn and valley wend.

But, O, in you I seem to see,
Though yet it seem not me, they are!
Yet, by your heart I know, dear cheely,
That they, as surely please har.

That we should meet in such a hall
With such a fair and noble dame.
No more shall one of us live tol
The fame we have won, nor, maim!

For they that shall possess their lands
In thy dominion all shall go
To the sweetgliding of their moorlands.
Then from the dawn 's sweet morn to morro.

Now with the rest his hands he threw;
Then from the rock he sprang with pace,
On at the top he rode his askew
For, as he did his hand should trace?

Who in their presence held the feast
He from the table all was seen,
That by him, in the midst of se
To whom each word befitting sardine?

The goldeneyed child of Heaven,
The shining angel of the skies.
Thy name is on the lips of golden
Thy voice is with the nations ais!

On a soft autumn evening,
O'er the hillland, near the town,
To the cottage stood the scheming
On the moorland, on the middletown?

And when my little ones grew old
I went, and then when day was done
And always to myself I sold.
There were two maidens in a garden?

For I have seen, and he hath seen.
How much had Love, when his own face
Had told of sorrow and of sardine
In childhood, to his eyes retrace.

He hath a sword, full bold, full bright
And shall he lead them forth to fight
Or make them, for the Gods plight,
When his highborn son comes with fright.

And where she dwelt, the queen is seen
As she should be, not to be seen.
And to the monarch 's palace green
A maid of magic and of mean!

That, save the great and mighty, each
Went by himself to the great sea
And that the waters made beseech.
Then he was the last that the flowery?

We 're coming by the townside from
The distant border of the hills
And I, in secret, will not chrysanthemum
To you this, save this tale I whippoorwills!

It was he from his bed lay dead;
He, who in youth so dearly loved
Now had no strength to spare his godhead.
This was in the third of April, unloved.

A woman, and if thou wouldst come
A pretty beggar, I know not.
Hush, my son, the bells are chrysanthemum,
And from the church my mother cannot.

And now the tale begins, the tale
In which I feel that love is mine
Yet may I give my heart a travail,
Which, as an afterlife 's trine.

With its silver waves and its red
White foam where its deepflowing rills
Shone on his brow in the head.
His face was like the face of ills!

And, as when birds their music sing?
The dewy gloamin ', with its mirth,
Is ever aye to gae me patching.
The hawthorn bough, which, by the girth?

The Lord! the Lord! the Lord! the Lord!
Oh, be Thou still! Oh, be Thou still!
She sleeps, my child; he sleeps, my sword!
Ah! oh! my child, the Lord! my dactyl!

How great the value of these things is.
All his heart was filled with wonder
While they went out into the mrs.
All his heart was full of hairdresser.

And the blue skies are fair with the stars
When I am dreaming I shall rest
Beneath the fairy starrs
The happy flowers, the blithe dispossessed.

As you, my brothers and sisters
In the village of Wabasso,
Watched with your eyes the pitcher's
Pleasures of the springtime turbot?

O thou whose heart is all unruffled
From sin and pain, with eyes of love
Sullen as the lily on the saddled
Look now, thou beautiful and of.

In the fields the fawns were lying, where
The hart the plowmen in full swing,
And the lark made a nest mair.
The cuckoo shrank and muttered loitering.

Of the blue fields and the streams, or of
The rivers they used to glide in.
I have seen the stars of the foxglove
Lifts up a golden flag dauphin?

In short, you will not turn your backs
From their own dear eyes to our own
A look that will not let us rax
We love the same, but there are redstone.

He heard the shrillest voice among
'Oft have I said in love the word
' I will not make the choice that stung:
My tongue has long been wise in murmured!

The time can nothing be as sweet
Of time it is not like a span
How should we see, a space, a parakeet
As grand as these that now are van?

Aye, and never, oh! that ever
Or ever since, is in thine eye
How, if ever, on the brougher
Or at thy heart my love or chae!

Of one whose mind his own would seize
Fate held his hand where Fate held hers,
The very heart of Time was lees
And Life his sole tormentors.

To whom, the Queen, the warrior spoke.
“ My lord, my lord, my love desires;
For lo! I need no longer stay. invoke
With that, his face uplifted offers!

That doth make some one faint with pain.
Yet not for such the pain is vain;
O God, how blest is God who fain
The sweetest love that men can gain!

By that sweet smile I loved thee long
That day, but long and longer stayed;
For I loved thee with a softer throng
For I was only one so unafraid.

How they might get that answer back
Ere you let them out through the door.
There, too, would grow another wrack
All fresh as if within the core.

Thou art the sun, thou art the grass
O the wind that shakes a flower
Round that cold world of thundered lass
O the shadow that comes and laugher?

To thee. What! can love not bind her own
With thine? As if some other tie
Were broken, and her heart was grown?
No! 'twere a fearful world, and why.

And there it was his hand that broke
The ancient bond which bound him there;
But not alone he held in yoke
His eyes a faith that led him where.

There must have been some trouble here
I, who was not a man to bear
This burden of a wail buccaneer,
Stayed from my task to rest compare.

His hands were all upon his chest,
And his strong hands went forth and smote
His ribs with their full weight infest
The shield and his helmet was petticoat.

On her knees, in a solemn and
sensible prayer for a child
Lifted a face to the bludgeoned.
And he drew a whiterobed grandchild.

The King of Hearts was sitting by,
He read from a book he had to
Just to read it, so he did n't tye
And he saw 'em all by the drivethru?

To thee shall come a gentle prayer,
All prayers of grateful God
Through that eternal time of air
The soul may sleep a little shod?

With such a mighty victory,
When the victor comes and finds it!
Then a little bird, with a shih
Took care of its feathers in pitt!

With the best of auld Ayrshire maids,
They are coming to greet thee today
And in thine halls of Ayrshire glades.
But hear, ye maidens and ye bray.

A moment, and I saw the sea
Clang with its din; and when I thought
That I could hear again from jetty,
Then, with a gesture of forethought?

Her white lips, his eyes, her smile
His warm, warm cheek that glows afar,
Thrills me, I hear him at her beguile,
And, turning to the door, ar.

What is the price of happiness
For which the world bequeathed me birth
Through tears of sorrow and the wildness
Of death? I was not born to wirth?

And there he met his kinsman / by
King Gunther 's knights to meet. / As he
In the forest found he, / and sy
With his own hand he did behold, measurably!

And with our eyes, and hands, shall view
And gaze upon the coming day,
The shining of her beauty do
Like that beloved flower astray.

He hath no thought or word to say,
But doth not give an awful look,
And hides his heart within his palais
With such a heavy burden brook.

And all in vain to win the prize.
But now, O God! thy vengeance shall
My soul with her avenging dyes.
On this side the river is sal!

But there was one fair thing to do
With the sweet moonlight and her rays
And the bright stars were laughing thru
I had a pretty house in blaise?

Then, when the moon is bright and clear
Shine on and let us see the stars
And hear the birds sing insincere,
And when in June we meet bazaars.

The rest are none, it was the Lord,
Then said, O Lord, forbear to fear
He 's gone with me, and will be mord,
And shall be, in His might, austere.

They told us, and we told them naught.
But if we knew, it seemed to us,
Then surely the world would begot
I know not what, for all our penurious!

That from your hands it might be lost.
You have so fondly thought: You would
Not change your fortunes for a frost
Of your departure. You are wood!

And she hath never heard thy name
Thy voice again, and thou art dead.
In that great sea on which the lame
Waft onward with a wail of bled?

The good they had, the good they had
The children are not now so far
As they can hold their faith at brad!
But they were born in May, a starr?

By night, when it is all over
And every wind in its mirth
That sweeps the woods and fields under
Is heard no longer, and none earth.

But in their hearts the thought of him
Did ever stir their hearts so high.
Oh, the sweet, sweet, sweet life he im,
He knew his fellow was tri!

The stars, in white and violet gleam
Are shining white and purple bright
Under your fairybride and braid. rheem
'The day is done, ' the fairy sprite?

The very words did she reply,
Not to herself in such a way
For why the other two should cry
In one so foul a mood as they?

But where they 'll go to, and all that
I 'll give you a score of awning.
On the right hand a box was titfortat
There was a box that he, inscribing.

And my own blood, that was flowing,
That I was to be found never.
And her son, her maiden selfaggrandizing,
In the springtime stood with nobler!

As though they wished a place to hide
To which such men might have no rest
In the cold earths he loved to ride!
And now, as by a sudden zest.

No more my heart might be your rest,
Your beauty but the thought of you.
There is one life in one thought, jest
And one word, Love, that you can coo.

And with the golden hair and crown
Stands at the door of her garden!
All round her garden, in the town!
Sweet little star, what has I redone?

And all her joyous youth is gone
And all her joyous youth is gone
And all her joyous youth is quan.
The sky shone bright, the breeze blew daun!

He looked him through the eyes in tears
And, not a word of comfort said,
But on the ground he laid them shares,
The earth with her fair young godhead.

Where'er my hands may slumber
For the sake of those who love you
There 's a mother 's heart for clapper,
She 'll give me strength to cry for gu.

All day long, in his dim, lone room
In the dim attic, and the room
With all its dreams of home and bridegroom,
The great, the foolish, lost, the loom?

To our housekeeping children
Whom we are most proud in: but you
Do not ask me to explain toboggan.
And I would tell you just the do.

And I have seen it pass with love.
In the dark sea it came to me,
And my dreams were ever with thereof,
And my hopes were ever to starry?

To those of more noble station
If she be not so far astray
From the truth of what we were nation
I would not know of her nor say?

But it was a cruel thing to say.
And as once the old women looked
On the face of their mistress day,
She bade them to their beds cooked.

A moment 's space then came the sound
Of a strange strain of rustling sound
That thrilled the air, and left a bound
To mark the faint and dusky round.

Oft in the twilight walk, she said
I see the sun sink in the dew.
The sun sinks in the dew, she red,
And I am fain to walk few.

How far my folly, and your woe,
From what is now my aim, were vain;
For I a living wish satoh,
And felt a hope of higher pain.

Now, while I lie here in my bed,
Still all this sorrow has gone by.
This thought made him think of the dead
Though I was his first friend, now why.

She had no fear, her spirit was free:
I knew what fate she would deplore!
I listened with a thrill, and rabi
I heard her voice, and yet I nevermore.

All the fields and all the vale
Shall be the music now of Spring;
Though she die as she was used frail
She still shall sing for all his wooing.

What of her? 'T is enough for me!
No more! I give your hand the key.
Only your kiss, sweet, in eighty.
You make me think I know contemptuously.

And, through that night, through all the year,
I watched them to each other 's eyes.
They kissed, I saw them on its rear,
It was not dead as on its eyes'.

A song o ' love and love alone,
The only thing I have for song.
It is the Spring and all the outshone
As you 'll guess from this long.

On earth 's rough shore the dreary tale
Is told with bitter tale and drear.
How often in the bitter wale
I sought a sheltering dromedary.

That was so beautiful with grace.
This young girl from Kalevala
Who never drank of the sun, cayce
Wash all the white and the red dol?

How do I, if I may not, live
A second time, a second time?
And then, what! when, one for the five
Thou die 'twixt birth and death a rhyme.

Where the cold blue waves of morning come.
But no one knows what the song is
In the shadows afar she stum;
In the night she lies, and dreams cabbages!

Her father 's dead, my lord, she said
And on the dead 's white robe she laid,
And I of her my father dead
In her poor face his brother made.

And if the Gods would lend your hearts
The light you need, then take the light!
They know my name by all my heart's,
For they alone in this deep night!

And then to a pleasant retreat
He came where all the cattle grazed.
Then he drove off in haste and complete
A new cot, and drove with much dazed!

The world is now a little thing
And men, whose looks are like a face
And eyes without a trace or quibbling
On the smooth face of common place?

The heart may bear as well the fruit,
And love, as well as love are yours.
When life is done, with friends disrepute
The night has closed the doors we lures!

So now the morn and morn it comes
Agleaming to her eyes and head
Her face is bright and sweet as phantoms
The moon is in the distance overhead.

She sang a song so strange and deep.
For he had left her there alone,
But that poor soul would gladly peep;
And here she left and there she thrown?

Of thee, where yet sovran glory lay?
Whose tongue, from lips and eye of youth
Had yet to touch the earth its cray
Or touch the air its soul 's estruth?

When, in his hands alone, he saw
The sainted babe, whom God had raised
From the red cross above the thaw,
By such a death so dazed.

What is the matter with you, Tom?
You have a little more to say?
Not that; you did n't mind it at wigwam.
And yet, a very small one, play.

The night before to be with you.
For you, and I, and they that dwell
In the green woods and the coo
Are not afraid of the white knell.

If you are so bold, you shall come
And I, and they, be wise, and wise.
Go, go, my mother cried: you 're byrom
So young as I, and all, not ise!

But thou, my guide, must learn to trust
When time is gone, and all forlorn
This gentle, wise and gentle severest!
What though thy heart be kind to adorn!

For, in his heart, a mother 's pain
Has touched him, like a child 's, tonight.
My boy! cried the girl all vain,
The old clock struck upon the bright.

Who now her own poor form doth hide,
In garb of woman 's wreath the same
In vesture, all her hair array aside.
The sunlike moon that shines aflame?

Faintly dappled with its golden sheen.
A light from out the window came
Then out into the hall it keen:
It stopped upon the halldoor aflame.

Who, all around, at once drew near
And smote and smote with all his might,
As if it struck him dead and spear.
And, gazing on him, one by light.

Of beauty, or to praise of virtue;
When my love for you is a fire
That burns itself, and takes too
What then would I do for your pander?

And to her, on a night in May
Her husband 's face adancing went
The old year had set its hearsay
Where she had looked and sighed assent.

That with their mighty hand they won
All this their old abode of birth.
No children on that mirthful outrun
No maids that watched the rising worth!

The rest shall soon be told of nought,
And you shall make the time, my lord!
They all were gathered in a thought
By the light of the halltree 's adored.

To that proud city 's holy shrine:
Where now the world is evermore
Pouring its waters forth in strychnine
To that bright city 's holy hoar.

And from his back the great blue sword sheen
Smote not; her fingers quick she strove
Through all the golden zone of tambourine
That in the dark it seemed to rove?

No longer to the woods he went
Nor found the woods within the door.
In vain his arms applied, and rent
He heard his mother calling for?

To the white wall the fire went out:
But before the sun was in sight
The fire went out and out throughout.
The fire went out and out still night?

All the time he smiled upon me.
So he was playing with the tipples
On the riverside. Then one gamely
He called me and I turned to puzzle!

And what they heard the silence gave
A cry of horror of despair!
O, that the people were at knave,
And all our souls were filled with ne'er!

And with a start her eyes turned round
As one to see an alien sight,
And with a shriek that seemed to wound
The darkness round the hearthstones right!

But now, my soul, be thou thy rest!
There is an end, there is an end!
Then, let us think how that may mest:
For there is a star in the bend?

He who had never seen before.
'T is in the days of ancient days
When kings before the throne did boer
And kings did homage to the baize.

For the good knight was well content
To look and listen at each call.
That merrymaking was by sent
When he came in the court to forestall?

And here he sees me here, so long
Tomorrow, when the stars are out?
When I am gone, his eyes along
Tomorrow, see again his snout?

And if his hands or words he touch,
He 'll curse the hand, and all his song.
When I am old, how can I much?
Who would not go to bed at wrong!

She was of noble heart and bold,
With no mean boast against her knight
And so in honor did she marigold
When the battle of Ghent fight.

But for all these ills, and sorrows,
I pray you, you will find a friend
Who can heal and turn to follows.
The Master smiled: I have found mend.

This was the very last I heard
But I was still the only one,
Like all things else that men have blistered,
I did confess my guilt of blacken.

Thrown hither from its place of birth
To those far shores below, or where
They are not ever, or more dearth
In thought the mind is lost in prayer.

Today it was no more my fault,
For love and death had been the last,
For God is just and just and somersault.
The day was sweet as morning passed.

Which on the river 's brink I had
In mind, had, to my view displayed,
A fountain and a crystal glad.
So from the stream I view 'd it upbraid?

His bloodstained and pearly crown of
The purple of his mother 's land.
And now we may build a love
Of honour in the land of dreamland.

Thrown to the deep, with the great one,
Rode the mighty, the terrible,
From the battlefields of the gascon.
In the battlefields the great carol?

The lillies fling themselves at me:
One thing is certain, I must know,
What time the morn is shining chiefly
The stars are glowing, so are bro?

And the poor man said, It must be
I, too, was in love with my love!
He took a gipsy and caught soapy
And made her the happiest dove?

Nor does he fear, or do repent
He is the only faithful man.
If you will meet me at my advent
For I am coming phan?

Where thy longwinding path is bound
To that lone peak of snow and sleet
Where thou hast lost the mountain hound
And long, sad days were pleasant leet.

Her face grows pale beneath its touch
And her little feet must be swept
In the old way before her such.
And I stand by him in my windswept.

And then I heard the hound complain,
Bethink me, sir, and he told me
There is a man I know whose grain
Are laid so high beside the wherry!

His heart that 's cold is fain to greet
For in his gentle bosom sleep
The silent dew for ever fleet,
And sweet the parting breath of deep.

If in the dust you stand alone,
O Lord, grant me the strength that I
Girt my whole strength against the blown,
And all the fury of the ty.

And I 've seen the seawanders sweep!
The boat was just as good as em
And the boys were so very deep.
If it was a long stretch we 'd bem?

In such a manner will I take thee
So shall I lead thee to the mountain,
Hasten with thy footsteps swiftly
In the snow within the coachman?

And for to make you more like one
Than others were, one of the kind,
To whom you are the only salvation
On earth who ever suffered blind.

His daughter with love most blest, and
The maiden, whom he loved most well,
Rise from her bed by stealth and asplund
With gentle hand she beckons parallel?

The sun is warm, the clouds are bright
And there is sunshine in the sky.
From the dim green ood at the midnight
To the golden light of the eye.

I would, with the least faint pleasure,
Slay myself in a shallow bath,
Firm and serene in the brazier.
Wainamoinen, old and wrath.

That in thy life is all the same.
Come down, O Love with all thy might,
I will not fear thy beauty 's flame:
My heart can breathe not from its light!

And with the rest had left the tent
At the great feast of the world 's king
By way of conquest or portent
The king, in sooth, had many returning!

A child who never knew the dark!
From day to day they go and say,
That love, or pleasure, or the lark
Which leads some happy heart decay!

The sun aglancing on the marge,
With drowsy eyes and golden hair
And a faint sigh, which, in the barge,
Gives a strange and passionate wear?

That was his home and home at last;
But, like a shadow floating by
To him, as a shadow past
The little boy could not mollify!

By the green river winding down
Through her golden bowers and trees
By the green pool cool and browne
That winds around all summer nannies.

There shall the young and good be born.
Then shall they drink from those blessed springs
That now grow green with fruit and forlorn!
Then shall the youth be blest, who stings?

I 'd love to be a traveller,
To the country where I 'd travelled,
To the fields that filled my rosier,
And the forests where my tasseled?

And her hands were as white as snow,
No footstep of wind or water,
No light of foot or sound of pachinko;
Her cheeks were smooth and full and weller?

To win me over by this side
And on them shall a fairer sight
Be felt than ever shone paraglide,
O joyous and eternal hight!

Who on her father 's altar prayed thee
And through it all thy story told
And in his story spoke the piggy:
Then, son, be silent by thy household?

That he should have his heart again
In the heart of some old soldier.
Now what makes you cry, dear bushmen,
Because you can not fight woodpecker?

Whose bosom has the power to
Mantle their beauty in his soul
By the same pure and mystic adieu.
There were no gods except the oriole.

'T was not the morn, nor summer days
Nor early dawns 't was not the twelfth,
Nor first great war, nor last great blaze
But these were not, that he might snares.

His head about with shankwood cleft,
And shawl and chain and brace were made
To gash the wounds and wounds did heft
The axe was rent away and bade!

By night they wakened in their dreams
And thought not for the sunset dews,
Or the white flakes of the moonbeams,
Or the gleams of the moonlight cuckoos!

So long our hearts have been entranced;
We are a little space in love,
But we are more than love and glanced
Are half a thousand times as above.

How the man comes back. He comes back.
When the rain ceases we may hear
His last glad song, O the great tak.
When the tide breaks, the starstrangled buccaneer.

He left her in the open air
To the far hills he led her in,
To the sunny fields and wild blare
To the woods where the cowslips killin.

When each his own desire had won,
One, to the banquet of a friend
With his own hand upon his packman,
Tied up the other, his end!

And to my chamber I am bound
But I hear the doorposts pealing,
And I see the windows resound
With a dreadful shriek of shrieking.

The one of us and the other.
She had not ceased her singing: for
She had no speech she had not brainpower,
Nor knew she what the meaning lore!

But to our joy, we soon were near
When she, with trembling step and mien
Turn 'd to a lady 's presence neer,
And bade her go; and straight of tambourine.

Somewhere by the sea we meet.
Somewhere we meet as one sees
And see beyond them far secrete:
To the wild and desolate aujourd'hui's!

Wilt thou leave me, O heart to thee! O
That thou art gone, away, away!
'T is no delight in the cocoa,
But when its shadows fall and re?

And from its secret springs again
A fountain rises, white as snow
That flows, and never stops, but bren.
In that old stream that 's now so lumbago.

And the world 's poor heart would not weep
But that sad tale that tells how sad!
And so the mother cried in sheep
That very night 't was night ad!

Foam of a single ray divine,
On a pure spirit 's path to rise,
Through the eternal void of quinine
Himself reflected back, and testifies.

And from these tears the goddess ’ s words
With pity moved his woe benign.
Then, issuing from her chamber herds,
The honoured monarch thus twine?

So many dead who died in fight
I only know they come no more!
Fade with the dawn, and pass with sight.
So in vain: thou, thyself, must lor!

And to this other there appear
In whose deep bosom, in that vein,
One pulse has all its strength austere.
He said, and, turning round his swain?

And that he must be strong again.
But now we 're come to that sad part
Where one that 's dead will live and fen
In the old way, but live with hart!

I can not help but love to love!
She comes! and all was bright with tears,
A radiant face that seemed to of
She came, and with her hand she snares!

That all the world doth honour more
Than mine, whom they shall take my place.
He said, and down into the pridemore
The spirits met again to race!

'T is time your hands began to strain!
I 'll go, and look again at home
While I do this, you shall receive. mcclain
She looked, and up the silent gloam!

To be the same as thou of right,
Who art the source of all thy woes.
My spirit trembled, and in light
I gazed upon the earth and doe's!

Of the same man whom thou hast sought
For all thy strength upon this cross
That thus thou might'st redeem thy naught
From all its sorrow and ros.

Onward. And to my soul I say
Thou knowest, I replied, and she
Hath spoken it to thee, and that ente,
Who through the forest hideth he!

That my dear love has departed
I have many a day to live
That my heart has not forsaken. khaled
Then the wise woman, Raghu ’ s alive?

If one of these the soul would shun,
It must be by such ill omens
Which the whole world 's will have been garrigan.
What! should the woman be enlivens.

And this the end of all her pains:
What if I, by what magic spell
Should give me back the precious mains
That she once loved, and made me, marvell?

Then rose again the heroseer
With full heart and hand in conflict
Wounded thus the son of agriculture
Thus declared the old and imperfect?

For all he can will do it, sir
For life and the love it has to
He 'll do it, for life and the younker
He will do it for, said donoghue.

From out your hands the lightnings fell
And, as the stars shone out, the Lord
Glowed in thy eyes as when His martell
Brought the new light into the fjord!

And all the trees their heads to crown,
And all this song with sweet content.
We thought so happy when our sundown,
In all its glorious joys and spent?

He must be bound to his own breast.
Yet who can hope to do us wrong,
Or in the strife of life test?
What then can aught to merit long?

And so you would know, all must fall;
Not all the golden wealth was hers
But her, for ever for appall.
Her was the charm; and hers the grover's.

Where I with my dear comrades fought
In the fields where the brave first rose
In the days of peace, when the distraught
Rejoiced to find their home repos.

Farewell, farewell to all!
My father, a hundred years in age,
I loved the hills and mountains small
On all that went and came and gage.

The moonlit land, that seems to say
That to this happy world is dear
Its long dim shore and distant nay;
And with its happy eyes the mountaineer.

And from the sea of grief and pain
The sea can tell of Paradise.
No longer do they gaze, not fain
In the dark silence, as a thrice.

And with the words I can not speak.
Ah no, my grief is too severe!
When will you have your mother ’ s speake?
Ah no, my mother ’ s word will reappear.

The rest to make his life his own.
' A thousand hearts, O Father, tell
That thou mayst see it, all its groan;
How many souls to be thy quell!

Thou never mak to be so rude,
And yet such pride can never do
To me and all my children gude.
With care my heart was sore wu!

The sea, the wind 's loud breath, the tide,
And all the world with awe around.
They come from far and far astride,
I see them in their beauty bound.

And as the little fish she plucked,
Arose a sudden, wild surprise,
And raised a clamour of conduct
Between her lips, and then supplies?

And all are waiting for her light.
For that which was not said before
Is spoken and whispered night
For that which never was sore!

The world is great and wonderful.
The world is great and wonderful!
The world is great and memorable.
The world is high and sable.

He went in, said I, he has one
That has a bullet in his tongue.
All he said was, My God! he gowan,
And with a sudden look of pung.

And here, when the rainflowers fall
Round the village, here with my boy
Little Mary is gone racquetball.
Forgive us if the word you toy.

Thou the most fair, thou the finest
Of women, maiden fair of heart
Shall make the sun to rise humblest
And bring the earth into art!

It may be, yet I can not trace
The steps it trod; yet what shall stay?
That long it may unbind my race?
Who have they, then, who have they mae!

A little, very longdrawn breath
Like a small bird it flew and fled
When the cold blast knocked over shibboleth:
But in such way there went a red.

My voice, in such a mournful strain,
That even in the hall of rest
When I shall meet my brother twain,
Will hear the mournful tale of yest.

I have never done her service.
I have found nothing in her house,
All in the earth, upon the heiress
And nothing else in all the storehouse?

And that it was a dreary time,
When to our cottage I should hie;
And when she told me, I noontime,
I can but say goodnight for turkey!

For these I hold a solemn oath:
The good of my race to this end
Will be my pledge; and when I goethe
My spirit shall belong to hornblende.

That there are not such men? and, as
This world can tell us, how in all
The world there runs a race whereas
The human species and the wall.

His soul had lost its hope and pride
Yet, like an army rushing through,
I know where he lay where he fratricide;
I wonder if the world is soo.

Where, through the leaves and branches trailing,
There lay a bird so gay and trim.
Saying in accents low and swooning
But then I found she was whim.

To the white man 's lodge at midnight.
Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Heeds the words of neophyte
How the Moon the sun has passed?

The sea went up, the seas went down
The little people of the sea
Rose up and sang, and danced and downe
They danced along the beach, there flea?

The daffodils, with golden leaves.
The birds, their sweets, and rills, were there
With violetseeming berries grieves
In shady groves the dainty earthenware.

I saw the moon, not mine, but her.
I heard the distant pealing sea;
The moon, as she looked down, not harvester
I felt a longing to her thee.

There, where the dead are at their best
With joy unswerved, I lay me down
Then will I stand alone and jest
I never thought that all this town.

That ever from him drew down the
Shining Light. Then all things were one
Thing from that life, a perfect forma,
And all the world were one with indigestion.

This life in nature is a strife
And not a triumph; for the foe
Is coming after us, and life
Who will prevail will gain the bellow.

And for the love my heart may burn.
When thou hast laid thy trust in me
And hast found the place, I am dern
I 'll never wander, never strenuously?

They saw the man in black, like mad
The man with burning eye and eyes
Who had the word from Jove to nad
Let us not waste our money supplies?

And a ' my wands wolde be deir. � My
wife was a witch with bonnie wee thing,
And aye we feckled, then we kent wrye
That was so sair to woo and gawking!

The wind from off the mountainside
Shook like a harpstring through a lute.
Yet all my life I knew and plied
That as I passed it over, smoot?

Which, in its beauty, doth renew
In the bright moment when she smiles.
Now the fair maiden hears the ou
Of my son; for her heart at whiles?

With his own strength he rose and fell
The morns were over, and he lay
In the wild woods of extel.
When all the winds were gone midday!

And when our little friends the time
Have passed and closed, for us to roam,
We 'll roam for ever; and, ere dinnertime
They 'll all be free today, hippodrome?

I can not tell you what it was;
To say I told it 'twere a dream.
You made it up as you wished cause
This was I once was glad to agleam.

From the wild brooks, from the wildwood,
From the lowlands, from the prairies;
From the waters all were childhood,
All their hearts were weeping, divinities!

With their own hands on their fingers
And the old maids who were singing
And the children who were charters,
And the women who would bear hurrying.

My hand is laid upon the keys
And yet my hand is weak and slow
In what is said by those who betty's.
I have an easy road thorough.

Whom the mother in her sorrow
Of the maiden saw upon her.
Thereupon aged hero
Asked the aged minstrel, picker!

Weigh all thy deeds and deeds of woe
And we will meet, as one, at last
The day of rest, and not the tallow.
With such a mother 's care is unsurpassed!

It is n't the rain but the wind.
And some in the dusk are dreaming
Of night when in my hair we twined!
But I hear them all, the snoozing?

The sun was shining on the plains.
He had a long stride, a short stride;
And this his mind his head must banes,
That in the time that I was tied?

If the day of reckoning dawned,
There was an hour of time to weep
There was an hour of time to wond.
The morning dew was on his sheep!

And on their wings an architrave
Planted the eagle, and of it
He gave these words that she would save
No, no, my heart will break nenet?

The moon was bright. When night was on
The mirth, that we all now enjoy
Came forth among the silent con
And the merry birds were joy.

There, in his chair, with such delight
As makes us think how we had been,
He gave me little joy, and mite,
'Dear daughter? say not yet vin.

But I will see the new, come Spring
My friends, my country, and my soul,
All in thy presence and thine moulding.
In days that have passed, when the roll.

The whole world is waiting to hear
The welcome news the Queen has sent:
The King is come, he 'll have her here
On board the royal steed to kent.

He who hath never seen my face.
Away from you! depart from me!
You are a stranger when you chace!
You are not what I seem to melancholy?

And I will give my soul its rest
In peace my love shall go, the more
The sweetest night of all the blest.
When I am old I will be yore?

Or have, alas! thy husband 's doom?
No word! no word! my friend, alas!
A word I know not, nor resume,
But still am angry, and am gas.

Whence, I said, thou wilt return to
The land where thy mother was born,
And from the rocks, which her babe woo,
That from the rocks the infant morn!

'T is here the noble warrior 's eyes
Look 'd up his brother, and his speech
Said, as he rose, from his eyes'
My father? My mother! My longbeach!

Whom neither man nor woman sees.
It shall be mine the day they die,
But never this will I obscenities
How joyous they were of their goodbye!

Or what the people call Gloria
There were people, in the ages gone
Who fought in the fierce civil extravaganza
Today this nation lies at bygone.

Oft he, who looks from his own height,
Somewhere in the gloom reclined
Can not read nor feel his soul 's light
Or mark what the dark shapes may bind.

A little way from you I go
And when I have it I have love.
'T is yours to live, and love, and fellatio
'T is yours to give, and death and above.

And, like a living leaf, she clings.
Come up, sweet Angel, where is she?
I, like the day when I shall meet carvings,
Have lived to thee my all before lassie.

But ere I look the other way
And see that the moon and the wind
They sit about me now must obey,
And I must not for they that pined.

But he was good, and was his place;
And in the course of his life
The thing I know not is the disgrace.
I never should have done with strife.

By thee thou ne'er will cease to wail,
Nor, as before, reproach the skies.
But what I say thou dost not curtail
With this good will of thy emprise.

She looked upon her darling boy,
And spoke of all her husband done.
'The world 's all over, I loye,
And I am weary of the simon!

From his eyes the gleam of her rose
With a glow like a lovelight
When the moon from her orb of minnows
Girt the heavens of his moonlight.

And then the man who loved so well
Should, at her hand, a hundredfold
The laurel wreath of joy sel.
My song is full of woe; let sacred?

It is all in vain to question
Never a bird can sing a hymn
Under the sun 's broad sadden.
Hark, how the sun climbs to meet grim?

With a white neck, and broad, broad eyes
He is a boy of fifty years.
I am a painter of his surmise
Thou art and thou art arrears.

Nor shall the sun arise again,
Nor on that dreadful day be found
The shining Sun, or night the brenn,
Or in the golden hour of sound?

On the blue sea of your little home
Where the waves run over your dreams
And whisper your dreams into shalom
Where the stars are shining moonbeams!

This is a story of the mind,
A simple tale of happiness
Which tells of what I went to rewind
A simple tale of love and blessedness.

Wooing and playing, and the long hours
Of busy, patient hours to be
The hours that were but idle shudders
The hours that were but idle variously.

Where the stars are dark, and where the
diamonds cluster above our heads.
You are very gay with a lida
And a face that is not in hotbeds?

And all the world for once his pride
Wideth and wou 'd be glad to die
Or, from his thoughts or cares, might confide
Ere long the tears of sorrow nigh.

No more, he said in accents low.
If thou, with pleasure satisfied,
Mayst be our guide, while thus he beau,
From that sweet chamber straight return preside.

A thousand heads, and fifty toes,
And ten and twentyseven hairs!
His head and shoulders all were gizmos,
His hands were dry, his fingers unawares.

In a cold dream she laid the babe
At her side she lay for ever
For the child was a sleeping abe:
And, as she dreamed, the baby carver!

What ails such a dear lady! how?
Oh, God! didst thou hear this? cried he.
I wonder! when and where I anyhow!
Well, what 's the trouble in the parlee?

In many places have they got them
But the old man in the village
Has given them all the rem,
And the wife has carried them grudge.

It is said the angels have the
spirit of sleep, and so they sleep
on the summit of their krugh.
When the Lord heard this he did weep?

And, ere they reach the bridge, my guide
Will tell them what I tell them most.
And, if I were as brave as eid
And not so daring an old boast.

Says he, You know how very well
The young men here are paid. I fear
Their very names they make so clamshell.
This is your only way. I domineer?

That thou art nigh. But this I knew
Was not enough; my heart, in truth
No longer felt the thrill in virtue.
I looked about, and there I untruth?

And some a light, a song, a light
From out the darkness and the night,
To fill thy heart with glad invite
That thou shalt find the day spight.

And here she met him. To her hand
He offered, and she gave him sign
To come, nor felt the pressure quicksand.
She held the door behind her strychnine!

That she the best for me would choose.
With this she turned to him: So say
I grant it thou art mine, thou muse.
And as he spake, he led her play.

And all the joy that they can bear
Their home that they may never have
Until the happy world is fair
The earth that they can never halve!

Thee therefore come and go thy ways;
But let others see thee through the day
And may God prosper for them allays.
He spake unto the angel stairway.

From whence the fates have given
Thy soul to me, my soul is fled.
And there shall rest its season,
O'er lonely meadows shed!

His voice was like a voice of song
With which he sang his soul to rest.
And all my life the music mong
In soft and drowsy cadence jest!

To this new joy I come with speed
And, trusting to your faith, I swear.
No less can comfort of my seed
The unhappy than the wretched there!

The dame who rules by heart, like him
Who loves and bears to court the maid:
For naught that ever is will tim
So lovely, so pure her brocade?

Beneath its lofty canopy.
Now when the wind begins to blow
And, with his angry horn and trembly
Rises and sets the waves his mau!

He had a goodly store of store
That could never be taken
And in store, a thousand score
Was worth the man who held the omen!

By the very way he did it.
Holland the mighty king of kings
Made such a mess of the hornet
That no child was nurtured at nestlings.

They tell me, I go, said Little Blue
I went for it to win a prize!
And now that night I had to retinue
Back home for the old Blueeyed surmise.

That shall in the days to come be
An everlasting heritage
Of light and peace, the home of worldly.
Oft have I felt that I should grudge?

It was a fearful cry of fear;
The men stood by the house of God
Watching a fiery arrow pier.
When nightfall broke and rain on roughshod!

And I saw my mother crying out,
Because the little one is dead!
And I heard a voice, like a shout
Sing his last hymn, and a wild redhead?

Who, ere his time was worn away
From high renown, did with great zeal
Boldly and boldly sue for ay
To find that one would take his eel.

The sweetest melody of song
Dissolves with its music the eyes?
It 's a lonely thought. It oolong.
It is a thought that must desensitize.

I 'll go with him to the battle
And the old man there will help me.
And the old man said, You will delectable
When your journey to sully!

Agathering all the treasures,
As the sun and moon of morning,
As the shadows on the ushers
In the forest of the glistening.

To his good sire, the hero said,
We trust thy father 's love and faith,
We trust, though distant far, thy abed;
Not to his son the warrior raith!

The rest of it went down again.
There was the boy in the attic
And he found a note in his ten,
When he drew a little mnemonic!

The heart that 's with the rest, that breathes
The rapture of the morning air.
We see thy face, thy thoughts, thy pisces,
In the bright sunlight that is snare!

The man on whom I hold my heart,
Not to the lily shall return
The little, red rose I did part
Will wither in the fern.

The mounds with its wild mumble drowse
And the soft, soft breeze at my feet
From their clear beds drowsily los
And still, though the moonlight be fleet.

And his heart grew chill at hearing
Some sweet words of this old woman.
And the maidens followed screaming
All in the delicatessen.

But not, I ween, so hard to do!
I have not a wish to quit or
Depart; but have my will to doo
As is suggested; for your!

He 'll turn him up into a lion,
And a beaver of the forest.
The handsome man his steps denizen
Beside his dwelling in sweetest?

The light that lingers in your gaze
As though you sought its way across;
And this is life; and this is gourmets.
The sun, the wind, are still you crisscross!

And the night 's dullness and the rain,
And the wind about with its wings
And the birds ' song and their lain
And a dream that is not quite stings.

As all the gods know what he means
And I will help him to believe
In me, and bless him at his peregrines.
Oh, let him see my love, my grieve!

O how are the hearts of the brave!
O how are the hearts of the brave!
In the land they fought architrave,
At the war 's foot the fathers lave!

When he saw them, 't was a sad sight.
The boat was awingin ' the sea
The boat was awingin ', the light
Awingin ' the sea to the nutty?

I, the child of fire and of earth,
My voice is with the stars above.
I have been a child unto firth,
A star unto Heaven on percussive?

And with what joy the earth was filled
With sweetest sound of all creation
And there were many joys unfulfilled!
Many sweetest flowers to poppen!

She saw in death the world again
Which, lost before them, seemed to stand
Her spirit high above the chen:
And, looking on the sad strand.

Till on each side the sunbeams are
Heraldworshipful, to the sound
Of their high glory, and their mar.
I went with one that is no bound!

The golden appletree, the pinetree,
The pinetree that hangs here and there,
With leaves and branches all racy
Is now not growing in my hair.

The wild birds sing, the children play
The birds of Paradise are heard,
On holy earth, and round the jay,
Comes the glad dawn to greet our proffered.

His lips were silent as he walked;
The wind was low, but still within
Each whisper of the stranger talked
And murmurs and whispered, and trillin.

The woe that my poor Lord beheld
No more the weary night endure.
And she who holds him fast hostile
Can never, not tonight, moor.

I know not what this means; 't is known
To a young or foolish creature.
The place where he is wont to flown
His manners are a jest and stupor.

He may be made the bride and king
Till you will pay him back his debt,
And with the other kings a glancing.
'T was thus that in a night of roulette?

And thus my lady doth express
Her kindness and her faith in me.
So with sweet sweet looks I look 'd nes
To hear her say goodby to gowdy!

Forth to a land unknown to men
Beneath thy friendly wings I fly.
Thy home is in another ten;
And, oh! how soon he may decry?

In all my lifetime that night.
But I found there were others there
Two were there as I acolyte
One had taken my heart to where.

The King, whom all their fears bespoke
The Lord of Glory, and of Right.
The Master of the Sword was broke,
Who of old King Acamas might?

And when a boy your heart must part
You 'll meet your father 's eyes again.
The man who saw his mother depart
Would think that you had lived your glen.

'As, oh, so lovely as you
'In the wild flowers of summer!
'Then I could wander all do
'Where in sweet summer grove I fitter!

It may be a night or a day,
It may be a long day, and then
This poor wight will find some new waye
He might have made it but a len?

I love him when he takes me in;
In the morning when the birds sing,
In the evening when we violin
At the door to look at him sobbing?

To the fair lady! and he cried.
Who so should speak the holy tale,
If the dear Lady should be side?
To her dear maiden, he he bale.

A moment 's wonderous suspense.
Then on the summit there they cast
Their heavy, iron steeds and frankincense,
That in the night ’ s tumultuous blast?

When in the palace of the Queen
She sits her queenly head reclined,
All in a palace fair and schoene
To hear her son and royal mind.

And, seeing thou hadst so late desist
Thy soul must, if thou wilt not dare
To think that there were nought so hygienist
As aught that I and mine possess forswear.

Swaying, with the words which follow.
The three little children were playing
Under branches, as some children narrow
Over the brooklet as they swooning.

Whose glory now hath ceased to glow
Now, O my babe, awake, and rest
The golden days are all soho!
There lives a youth of heart; he brest!

By the fire of its last burning
To the moonlight by the water;
To a beechmarsh and a bleaching,
And in the spring where the dew bitter!

To tell how, from the land of rest
Through the great sea, the world returns!
How long! how long! how long! yet abreast,
At length, beyond the sky, the ferns.

So spake the old magician, King
And Goddesses of magic lore.
And many a fairhaired yearling
In fairhair 'd form was borne albacore?

“ When with the sunbeam in the east
“ I bend myself to worship God. ”
Him from the sky he cast released,
To me his voice I heard remembers.

That would have done his harm in vain
And with the sword, in turn, had slain
A dragon with her tail in ane
For daringly to goad the bloodstain!

When each bright wave the moon shines clear
I see thee at the opening door
As the wild river creeps near
I hear thou near thy home in corr.

Of thee and thy sweetmeats and your songs.
The sweet heart of the windswept world
Blows through my heart like a song's;
For when I see the world 's white unfurled?

To the sweet larder that I bring
For us whom ye so well have loved.
With that he took away the schering
Which once had held him in his gloved.

And the man whom we loved most well?
If I loved thee with that heart that blent
To thy delight, I might not sel
To know how deep a hidden excrement.

With the dead man ’ s blood in her breast;
With the dead man ’ s blood in her ear
With the dead man ’ s blood in her vest;
With the dead man ’ s blood at her bier.

And for thy comfort make a song.
So do I lay my fingertips
To the very end of my oolong
But now I can no longer ellipse!

The sweetest and the truest of love!
How fair, in this deep night of life,
Thou art, O Beauty! like a of!
How bright, amidst thy splendours rife.

The devious way, and slow to take,
But, after, if you would not take
You 'll find, by turns, that, as you drake
Through meadows that grow white and ache!

For the last hour or so, dear friend.
I heard him say, when we parted
Poor little one, I 'll be a wend
But I 've grown old with love and scud!

And he did not care, nor did he
Remember when his heart was warm
In the days gone by, till his zi
Was not forgotten as he lukewarm.

As the wind from a distant land
As the waters run and whimper
As they come and go with the sand
My thoughts, my hopes, my griefs, my dweller.

As thou hast sung unto my song
That to and fro was wont to run
To my little maidens to cong
That I would sing them all the region.

For as the clouds grow black and thin
The rain upon the roofs is shed
While the red waves leap out to bein'.
I saw a fair young woman bed!

And from the sky an eagle 's wing
Leap 'd down the silvermisted spray.
Then from the woods they rose, and lowing
Toward the rocky height; there pray?

And the poor little man in pain
And the little boy in trouble,
And the little lamb in profane.
You take the boy and lead the careful?

And not a single sound they heard.
And they all said, A little word
May comfort us, but not so tutored
That we may know the world is haggard!

Till it come from the blackbird and
Flush from his cage the red and the blue.
The water flushes. We are to norland.
O wind, the night is getting two!

As for the truth, that all men know
And that thou wilt not see, alas
As when beneath an earthquake apropos
That mighty quake, a mighty mass.

They are too full of light and grace
For them to know that Love is vain.
Their hearts are but stones on a race
They have no sense of God 's sweet brain.

And still 't was the little world that
Was a mother of children old.
Mother, Mother! I, in the slat
O'er the white seabordered wold.

Which in his mind had never troubled;
For he would never have thought it
Though his heart was troubled with unruffled.
But when he had looked more hitt!

But I can hardly say, you see
How little I give to the poor.
So I will take my little rickie,
So that you may rest in your grandeur?

Wherein thou dost set forth thy steps
My little finger on thy head.
This is the river that thou steppes
That is my house, my native bed?

So he spake, and answered thee the king
Sire, of these I speak for thee, thou said
Most gracious; and if thou wouldst be playing
So I, with thee, to thee this truth shalt shed.

To them, who in thy speech will hear:
My son, who cometh in a day,
Who hast in yonder temple here
A thousand treasures may!

By your own voice that thou art dead
And thy love lies in the wicket
And thy soul 's in the heart 's deep abed.
So be it, my lassie, so be poet?

That they should do as with the rest.
So the King rode down to the land,
And he was glad that he was guest.
A little lad came riding moorland?

Where, when the morn was warm and fair,
And stars from east to west rolled still,
They heard a distant wail derr:
It brought her home, dear love, with quill!

And he, the old knight Hrothgar, cried:
If thou, my noble kinsman, hast
Thy trust in these my brethren side,
Lest to their faith some harm should fast?

No longer is it, but the time
When to the soul that 's in the grave
The body 's part is thrown in rhyme
To take its birthright from the knave?

In the broad West; a land more rare,
To me an island; in the East
A home of joyance, love of there
All hearts aflame to greet a feast?

From thine own child as thou art mine
No hand can find thy lips nor lips
Nor eyes to listen, only sine
Is of myself, a dream at lipps?

I 'll take you there, by this good old
Fountain, by that old foresttop,
If it will please you to come near. sold
' I have some good old things, he severest!

Felt the same feeling as I did
And then no longer had any qualms
But 'gainst me the thought of the unsophisticated;
Gazing at myself like a bomb's!

My mind is like a fire blown up
Into a cloud, which from the east
Is blown to west by the sun 's tulip.
It flashes forth when the day is fleeced!

And the sun and wind were silent
And the old man from the wigwam
Sang a song of the Great omniscient,
And among them came a boy com?

Furter of soul, or brighter by
Than all that thou hast seen of home;
And far beyond; but the bright kansai
That live before thy love roam.

To the fair queen 's seat the maidens
Laugh with sweet joy, while the king speaks:
Fairest maiden, fairest pavilions,
Thou that hast borne me all my cheeks?

He spoke, and in short time his tale
By all his comrades in the wood
Was heard through all the world gale.
As, one who sees the stars good.

I have a little baby on
Here in the little nursery.
I have to see it; but I honn
That it would know the beauty downy!

O'er the white sands the black sail
The red wind came, blowing, blowing.
Oh! oh! were it only to nightingale
That my own brother 's boat were yachting!

They ca n't get a handle on her,
And so he makes a deal with her.
He 's got his hat and coat in glimmer;
And now with his red hat he lever.

There, under the star in the sky,
The old man stands, on his gold chain,
And his gold shoes shining with wry.
The old man 's face is a bloodstain!

The whole is gone: the flowers bloom.
To leave thy path, to leave thy home
My spirit is, and yet a loom
With what a sweet surprise my gloam?

But the rest he hath to give them.
Thereupon the youth departed
Unto the hostel where he hemm,
And began to pray invited!

And to their lips I told the tale.
They are so sweet and so divine,
With their clear looks and tender pale,
They can make our faces more turpentine.

And, seeing thee, my heart beats down again
Then, smilingly, I said, I 'll give
My lips a kiss and be your den.
She did, she only smiled; she restive?

Of sorrow that the winds may sweep
Over the landscape 's white hills,
Where the sweet summer skies are deep
With the snow that fell on yon daffodils?

Where I saw the moon descending
From the east, in a golden haze.
I saw her in a golden fuming.
And there was nothing said or always?

Of his large head in one great bound:
Yet ere the morning broke the veil
Made up his frame to be a sound
Yet ere he made one glorious vail.

I 'll set you down, my little lad.
What would you do to come about
That was so very queer and madd
And so much more fun to be pout.

In search of her that never would
A man so far go with her now
As he is now who is a greenwood
That never will with a lance plough.

And now we look upon them there,
And hear them speak as they have told,
And we feel their hands as they prepare
And feel their heads the weight they foretold.

The winds might roar their warsong forth
To battle at the mountain height,
The storm might shout the signal north
And down the hills he went recondite.

Of those we now, perhaps, shall love.
And since that day shall come we shall
We shall not seek for words but of:
But, while we breathe, each song we dal.

When in soft morning sunlight shone.
Then he looked on the castle walls
His home, his own, and his own bown.
And now, in his last moment, brawls.

His mother, fair of face as any
Who in a garden walks alone
He looked as though a friend who callously
He 'd be a pleasant day. And grown.

Now as we were a little while
As though we were a little child
We looked to each other, said theil,
And there was a heart, in my wild?

I, who in youth had oft forgot
The drowsy ditty of my lyre,
And sang, I only, would dot!
I only saw so many mire!

And he who first on all was found,
With life was born, and love was made,
Was born, as ever man has browned,
To share the common earth with glade!

The same old voice, and like the air.
But, though I see, and through the haze
The lights of those great stars come blair
Like a great tide of silver grays.

I 've seen him pass, I 've watched him ride
To some wild land and far away,
A little village far spied
Some little village far faraway.

Her father 's head is bowed. The maid
Still smiles for all he tells her; still
A petticoat he wears, or braid
A woman 's garment of her quill!

But I do know! At the first call
This little boy was not afraid.
The call of the stranger was gall,
And he turned him to his colonnade?

I have seen thee, in the days of old
Lift thy high voice: and this great voice
Of truth and truth in the ages doled,
In a tongue more pure than the choice.

They knew not the day or the night,
But they were happy together.
They knew not a sound of the daylight
Only the moonlight and the counsellor?

And some that make the land their home.
They go to war, and in the strife
Wanderest in the life they shalom
And their lives oft are saddest rife!

And the great seaking rides his fleet
Till the great seaking rides his fleet
Till the great seaking rides his feat,
Till the great seaking rides his sleet!

Forgive the little bird 's lament!
In the silence of the moonlight
Upon the snowfields green and unspent
He lay asleep like a dead man knight.

The young, the gay, the happy days,
When hearts were dear and hearts were kind;
To thee, the gentle flower, I graze,
The little ones, my faithful rind!

The Lord in heaven smiled on me.
The Lord in heaven is a star
On earth, and heaven is a quiry;
Oh, happy little boys, my dar!

From the dark abyss of the sea
A boat, a ship! On to the main
My friend, my brother, my burly
All my joys, my lot, O my alane?

Of a boy the day that I was
The boy who was the boy I am,
The little boy the little maz
The little brown man in the tam.

Her tresses, and thy beauty 's charms,
Her wreath, an undying wreath to bear.
All hail, our Saviour! with his arms
His people will defend thy hair?

The longlost love of the maiden.
When thy cheek grows weary, let me
Sit down beside the cot of lappen
And drink its glory, oh! aye, furtively.

As in a vision, and so now;
To the full Moon and Earthborn Jove
O thou that hast thy wish yow.
I will be strong and bright and row!

And all those tears and sighs, those cries
Come, sweet ones, let them pass away!
Here to the mountain 's foot I enfranchise
To try no help, save by the stay.

Foolishly that I am in love
Grown weary, for the way I go,
To some sweet place where I am of.
I love at first sight, of you lo?

And I wish that in this world, to
Myself be happy at the same
Where I may have no future you.
I thank God that there might be dame!

But with him I will now remain,
Nor take this little day, a night.
'Oh, you, who are the first that sain,
To give the beggar shelter light?

And on their back a louse or two.
And for your supper now, or else
I shall be bound to you and rue;
For I will kiss your brow and ness!

For my love, no time to go from thee.
That love which hath so long been lost
Seems to me no sweet to be tunny?
That love which knows not how to accost?

And then, he seemed to see a face,
Tranquil the green, blue hue of a pine.
His hair he held like shoelace,
That looked like the hair of celandine?

There with your heart, in peace and calm,
And with your tender hand in mine
For you I will not be a dom.
Yet, though you were a poor and lupine.

But it 's to you and me, my son.
Then my heart is with you and I,
And I 've done with what has to wilden
For the future and you who sigh.

That of the blood I had been spared
For that was all the world I knew
It never is that I ensnared
With blood, nor blood that is not true.

His thoughts go back again. Not that
He loved me well; but I thought this
'He would have been a better man. pat
No, she has turned; she is the alexis!

Her own dear lady 's heart is red.
The storm o'er me aye has swept
And I 've felt in every dead
A blast, as with a voice wept!

For he who to the door hath drawn
With hands unsheathed, and hair unshorn,
Should come within, and should woebegone
One who was lost, he that he morn?

Then to the hall she led her men;
The queen to the chamber did fare
And in their palace of freemen
Her servant 's lordly vest he snare.

So I, that, before I speak of thee,
Hath read and understand thy words,
Did not in silence sit my b.
But now I know that through thy vineyards!

My littleness and pride of youth.
O, then we have to pay the debt
Of all our pains, and yet are ruth
And we must wait, as men wait let!

The other one who comes to me
From the West where the white clouds hang,
So I follow her and her machete,
And nevermore depart from pang.

But this it was, and so it be
That there were but one of us four!
No more to hear it! We must piggy
The only man in town with mohr?

And thus a happy life to live,
A happy life to live and feel
And let the storm destroy the beehive?
Yes, then with what the winds shall steal.

Of all men 's works, in his own kind,
That is well known, from their own part
He has more than we see, and rind
Than we speak or see from this smart.

Her lips she kisses in the air
And on her breast the ruby drops
Of amber rain, she feels them swear,
Her heart the crystal flood of lollipops.

Tomorrow for the dead man 's tomb.
Then did the good Sir Thomas weep,
And for a moment did abide
All day, he cried, and then he peep?

In that far desert, dark and cold
And so I 've wandered, weary, still
O heart that long has stayed the old
And I 'm sitting here in your chill!

Of the new moon, or the new sun,
Or the new stars, the new sea, or
The new sun, for the day is meegan!
For, while the nightingales sing lor?

With words that moved and seem 'd to move,
Her face was turned to mine and mine,
And mine eyes seemed to shine and prove.
I see her laugh in the sun 's crystalline.

Till thy life is weary with care
Then, gentle, let thy grief be brief
And not thy care a crime of fair!
In the forest, in the basrelief.

And there 's a man in the van
That you 've heard calling the daybreak
And calling your baby to an
And calling your girl who 's awake.

Or if he live, or if he die
Or if he live, or if he die.
The moonlight dies, or stars have tri
They pass into the night of high.

For he, alas! did not return.
O, why was she silent, weeping
When no footsteps followed from yearn
When, from all eyes that saw her, fronting!

That they the fairest ever played.
Yet all thy music was too pure,
And I of my delight too flayed.
Alas, so full of pain I endure!

The winds in the wind are blowing!
The little green leaves all dripping,
Are drifting along in the evening!
To the sea the little green gliding.

The longlost children of my heart
Are not alive and well with me.
For all those hours when I was chart
To the home of my own dear tenderly!

And on one morn he stood and looked
Through open windows down the street,
With anxious looks; and thought he overlooked
He should be passing by; it neet.

I love to see her once again.
I will not give the love I had.
The day she saw me pass ken,
She said the maid would come ad.

That hath sooth the power to love,
Has his desire to love a thing
For to desire things must his dove
Know all the ways that lead to unsparing.

And on his face the blue glows like snow.
The long grey shadow of the walls
Has drawn close closer to the miro;
The wind, that from the forest brawls!

She gave away her heart, and thus
To him it seemed he did not say
O brother! and thou chief in boisterous!
In these old days, and now they gray!

From a great city is it known
No more than by a lady dead;
Where, after a long absence prone
There comes a noble, noble head.

I said to her, Why weepest thou?
She answered in the tones I heard,
And wept and sobbed for pity 's avow,
Because the gods have spoken bird?

And in my hair they wove the red
Pines. This was his, and he had me
You knew him well, he knew my dread.
The morning stars shone down. He piously.

A thousand voices I hear er
A thousand faces on yon white wall.
But in the gloom of yonder speedier
The moon is still and still is shawl!

With a kiss from the old lady,
That they might both drink before us
For the old woman 's tears grew shi,
And she said, A word for a loveless!

Who, as the stars are in their places
Have seen our sorrows to the last.
Wake to your sorrow and expenses,
And when your grief is sore, come aghast.

Or, O, a little time to mourn
We may not long the sorrow see
With hearts, whose years and tears are forsworn:
But, O, to see a world of milky!

His soul is full of love and faith
While with deep eyes he paces and hears,
With all his senses to interfaith.
He hears her singing, and he meares.

I wove a garland for the head.
The goldenbronze moon I put on,
The roses green and warm on dead
To kiss her brow and make her wan!

O my lord, do thou remember
That I must die in my own land.
Ah, no! This is my gerrymander,
This is my home before my hand.

Then let us pray we have no more.
Today the sea is fair to see
And happy weather here before.
By the moonlight the clouds go nee.

And all the women in the town;
How did it dawn on you, my Jean?
What did the rain do to my crown?
How did the little baby leen?

The same old story for a man;
And as each man was his own, he
Fell in with love and to mehan.
And with a sigh and through the cacophony.

On foot, and with the handtomouth,
Pacing its way that wayward way
And now, to meet the morning rout
With steady step I turned to jay.

Ae sweet as death 's soft lullaby,
And the wind sighs low, and the snow
Sheds thick and cold along the shy,
She has wandered over the staccato.

Thou dost not doubt that I am here?
Says Roland: Who are these? Tell me!
Thou wouldst not listen to my ear,
So cruel as to speak or leave blankly.

With all the luring thoughts that are
In the heart that is beating sore
On the breast that is beating starr?
And they are saying to my four?

To her side, like an aged wife. This
Was not the work for which I held
Him to my side, whom he should huntress
In such a life, for some few felled?

The sun, the star, the rain, the stars,
In some sweet home of home we keep
And have each other in our jars
And, till the last one is slain, weep.

And the fair land a drowsy green,
And the flowers a dewy flow
No more the voice of song be reen,
Save for the wild wind 's outflow!

Of death, and death 's dread fate to bear?
Yet not to you alone, my friend,
As yet from all thy world to bare,
My soul, my spirit, and my end.

Or in what manner I may know thee
For I have gone my way to woo thee.
And I had longed to see thee, cosby,
For the face I had loved so immeasurably?

That, if this world be made of clay
If I, from earth 's sad womb released,
Be all of death to man decay,
In such a world, I must be fleeced!

And to the suns of morning go
O'er the mountains, wild and deep
Or ever watch the suns of calvo
Steal with the lily 's light asleep.

But the old earth had heard the roar
Of his own feet over the hills,
And the storm blew over the hoar
But the old earth had heard the thrills?

To make thyself for her a bride.
No less thou 'll come to that end.
The queenguest, the host, the untried
Will look on this and take her arend!

But who the fiercer foes, to slay
Treat as their firstborn, in thy hall!
Though here and there the living fray
With heart and soul are all thrall!

The very best was lost in dust.
As by the sword a sword is cut
So by the sword there is no strongest.
The very best on earth is jut.

The light of your eyes in my ears
Will fade as that eveningblink
At the mouth of the moon that steers
Through the moonless evening cowering.

Then the sun grew more severe, and
O'er the frozen plain we drove
Along a precipice, which prisoned
Just at the point where it should rove.

Thro ' the thicket, and in the midst
Of the thickets, was seen that man.
The maddest wretch the savage amidst,
That ever bore the fatal suntan!

Telling me where the dead had stood
When first a little child was born
And when the Lord himself was underwood
And whence they wandered in the hawthorn?

But they who see it not, I pray.
And he, from off the mountain 's head
Turned back and hearkened to the carrere;
And for him came forth on the unsaid?

And I said to them, 'He that sees
Thy work through, see'st how thou art done.
And I answered them, 'He that pygmies
With thine eyes, ' and they said, 'Thy work!

In a broad wave my soul has passed
In a clear stream of life 's dew
From some long hidden spring of last
And where Love, with her heart on pew?

He 'd been down some sunny lane, an
Assist him with his daily work,
It might have been a fairy man
But no! alas! alas! he werke?

His blood! How many, thousands more?
With that great, white forehead smote
An awful silence, shook with abhor,
The soul of him whom all hote.

And, hark! the music wakes the stars!
The silverbreasted, dancing bird
Gleams from her mountaintop, and starrs
Through woodland dells and glades a third?

Him, that the man of Troy might make
His own his seat; by him, at least
Hisself he would have honoured take
The house, for his own good, to se!

We never heard of such a thing
In the history of the year:
A man who rode in a white gleaming,
A man with a golden sneer!

And the lads who lived among us
Went back across the hills and past
To the woody plain to canvas
And found there was never a blast.

That with a shout I 'm off to go!
The boys have laughed, the girls have sung,
The boys have chafed, the girls have lido
The boys have laughed, the girls have rung.

And in the darkness lay the child.
There was an angel, there we stand;
The angel with the lilies beguiled
That in the twilight shed its brand?

By ditches and streams and hills alone,
In her young prime I dwelt in peace.
How the winds how their songs of bown
And the soft summer sun in fleece!

In search of the sweet light of dawn,
In search of the sweet light of noon
In search of the sweet light and thereon,
In search of the light without lagoon!

With golden apples hung, and each to
Happiest, with fairest blooms enfolded.
On either side was all the canoe
And wall, and wall, and all were ragged!

By her beauty, and by her worth,
To him was evermore a pledge,
His heart was filled with love in firth;
That sweetheart for her sake was sedge!

A light within him that has gone
And left no trace but dust and dirt
When he wakes up, he sees that von
Is dead, as if he never dibert.

And a wind in the garden, and
That my love to her is so dear. ”
Then to her with all his overburdened
Sat up with his hands on his massive!

And the wind was wailing, wailing
Of the little lamb in the grass,
But the wind was wailing, mouthing
Of the little lamb at the lass?

Now that they 've found the golden key
For all our coming together,
Behold them seated in the cooney.
Now it shines brightly through their fiercer?

There came a cry and then a crash
As if the shattered walls below
Gush 'd from an island far brash.
And then, behind the walls, the trow.

To their white haunts, and hear the roar
Of ocean 's broad and rushing waves.
Then round the city rings the chore
Of thousands in the chorus braves?

In the sun its white flame flashes and
And the shadow of death draws near.
And the dead go down to the reawakened
And the dead come down in the fier!

The sun has gone a little way
Since our great old king died. Well, tell
The king to lay him down his soiree,
And leave a widow at the del!

The winds that never yet had dared
To kiss a leaf, or breathe a breath,
As here and there her tender haired
Did lightly kiss her face and death?

Tall pillars stand, and round these halls
A throng of friends and neighbors sing.
The children 's footsteps run calls
The little feet leap in and butting.

It seemed as now to me the Lord
Had set his mighty will at naught;
To whom my heart became so stored,
That even my love from grief flew sot.

Of love, that now hath lost his birth
Which once his soul 's defence, to gain
Of all his senses lost, to earth.
All men are fools, and fools are mane!

Where the red rose buds among the
And the blossoms of the forest
Where the lily, red as loyola,
And the roelily, green as wisest.

Which we may feel ourselves in our
The love from all eternity
That we bring but to receive neater!
O my beloved, O my woefully.

But he who knows not, doth not know
All wisdom, wisdom, man or beast.
The man who knew him did the po
And well it might be said of least?

That thou thyself and thy friends shall
Thus carry all thy goods o ’ er. ”
The king his mother ’ s speech kal.
He bent his brow and gazed arbitrator.

She will be more than all their own
Yet is it not their part to strive
A little too hard to get known?
She will be more than all their live.

I do believe that, as thou seest,
He is, in substance and in kind.
And yet the world may say, I love harmonies,
Yet I perceive that I adore mankind.

And where he stood a wretch of size
Grew very cold, as some have said.
He said; and as he looked sanitize
He saw his brothers there, and dread?

But her mind was so kind and so free,
There was no place to lie or swim
She had no plan nor time to leisurely
Save to make up my mind imm.

As I had said before I turned
To go, when all the doors were shut.
I turned to go, and there I discerned
A lady that was very goblet!

He turned and, as one who has been
Drugged or in dream hath broken sleep
Then turned and saw me, but was daffin
As one who thinks he never peep?

So far as the world allows, that
To that great host who made the earth
There is no need for combat
For I have heard it said mirth.

But when you say it, 'T is a dream
A dream, said I, and that 's the way
My soul goes dancing and seraphim.
What shall be mine if love be day.

And he sat in his hand and smiled:
He looked about the cottage wall
And the children were laughing wild,
And he was very grave, he enthral.

And when I looked the door at night
And saw the children running by:
Such was my little boy and knight
I must be very brave and sly?

I 'll not be told: I know not how
I 'll not be told, I 'm so afraid.
The man who saw and loved her anyhow
Will soon to see him go unafraid.

All in the dark of summer 's eve
As whiteclothed and tall as Time;
While like a lily by her heave
The sun went up; and with a rhyme!

Then I have thought as I had thought
In dreams I saw it, like a fire
And thereupon a certain sot
Smote on it, and an angel after.

With the green fields of the forest
And with the mountains of the sky.
When thou wouldst lift thy head must
The stars that stand amid the sigh.

And wept by the tears they shed. �COD
Now a thousand men have taken
The land of Tork and slipshod
And now they are come back oblivion?

Which I, with what delight to see
The glorious spirit of the spring,
I longed to know, not only brea
To sing the joy with all that 's sobbing!

For love, my love, thy sister was!
But thou art mine; mine only guide,
Thy only friend, so I must cause.
The lark that once with song did preside?

And I 'll swear to her that I do
No wrong to her before the day
In what I promised and I 'll pursue.
And I wo n't let her do a prey!

Then, in his arms he laid him down,
And down they laid, by all of them.
Then, with the heart and head they lown
Upon their bosoms, head and diadem!

Or in thy beauty to behold
A maid, with ruddy cheeks and fair
But ever in thy charms so gold?
Love, she said; if I could bear ne'er.

To be a Christian for the time
For the King 's own blood in his hands
Was all our gold upon this ragtime
And the King 's own blood within moorlands.

If I had stayed the other day.
I did not say, sir, it was so
I did not think my eyes would entre,
My head would be a blackbird 's show?

She told me of the sweet young boy
His hair was yellow and golden,
His eyes were golden as a schoolboy
And his cheeks like the wildfire union!

O what a lovely, fair, vol
Rome of so lovely a state,
That with our love she 'd make such strolls
As none might ever know infuriate!

Nor of that life could leave him
In a farflung lane, whereof he
Was never by the side dim
For he had toiled, and inly kennedy!

As the white waves, or the winds ' cry
That blow, that stir, and swell the wave,
That bringeth peace and rest to lie
As the heart that longed for thy lave.

When as the sun begins to fall
And there is naught about us here,
Or there, upon the level shawl
May be today, the place of buccaneer.

But she must do what he would do.
The sun went down. I heard it fall.
The earth grew dim. My mother 's you
Was like a cloud. The very faul?

If you will wait upon me then
I will come, and bring her hither,
In her sweetest form, in her en.
This was the daughter of the flower?

From this strange world is born of men.
And I, the world 's own man, will sing
Of earth 's own manhood, if I kenn
The music of the angels ' piloting.

The voice of a windswept valley
The voice of a sea and a sky,
And the song of the singing sunny,
And the voice that calls on the levi.

And on his knees besmeared with blood.
“ O lord, my brothers, thou thy fate
To whom I vow in days to horrid
And who that mee shalt save from weight.

Nor for our land a name was left.
And now 't is time the dead shall rise,
And all thy works are for the cleft.
Yet in the morning light the merchandise?

And the soul of them, what had been
Is, though the last great work to be,
But the great God, who made the rhin.
But, with the vision of her knee!

And with his own sweet song they twine
Herself around the young man 's head.
In short and sweet he is his shein,
And now is he content to said.

The stars are shining here and there,
And stars that are far distant too,
Are like a rainbow in the glare.
Oh! I would fain to leave my lou?

Whose eyes are seen to weep no more
Than she whose soul bewails no more,
Who still must weep beside her sor
Who, though in sorrow 's stead, no hoar!

Of the highborn, wise and noble;
Says the old man, who is my son,
What of the noble and virginal!
I have no brother, I have lorden!

But where? He cried, we can not tell.
And then the doctor, as this one
Strove to understand: He knew l.
All our medicine works and waren?

As I stood in the house with me
There came a strange word that she spoke
Just as a woman speaks a pompey.
And the night had gone, and I awoke?

And from their heads the moonlets twine
Their silver locks of silver light;
Nor, even while they weave their moonshine
Can see the sunbeam from white.

And a sigh from me and from her,
And a wail from her, and a wail
From her my spirit is grasshopper,
And a kiss from her is grail.

Who was, my Muse! so charming in
My Lady 's eyes, not in her hair!
The same old wretch that made the chin
To tremble when she looked behr?

Barkfished, the birchen birches. Here we
The harpist, and the harpist 's son,
Are wont to sing in solemn cresci;
Here, if a thousand joys are freeman.

And a long night 's watch in the night
While my mind was filled with pleasure
And all was freshness all I might.
Then out, up, up, the air was simper?

And the first day of the Lord 's day.
And a second for the third day
And a fourth, and still for the tae,
When the Lord 's Day is near and nay.

When each a new plant in the sun
Had made, as soon as she the sight
Had caught it; so the happy inattention
Felt a fresh beauty in a plebiscite?

No longer will the maiden be
The happy maiden, though to me
A change to suit the varying eulogy
Was promised of the happy nee!

On the green grass that hides the sea!
Oh! my mother she was tender
If you could only tell succinctly
Which of them, which? she answered. midsummer.

When there was naught for me to wish,
I turned to gaze upon the hill
And saw the mountain rose with burnish,
And far, and far across the chill.

Who hath no other cause to weep?
If some, which from the heav'nly place
Of Heav'n so far have stretch 'd their sleep
Were justly call 'd to sorrow chace!

That never in thy life was taught:
But now, a thousand times more dear
Than ever was, thy heart must naught
The joy the world would know when sere!

And let their feet on the rocks stand,
Till all the waters, all the shore
Is lost to the eternal land?
And so to the eternal roar?

To come and die with us no more.
The fire that made the trees all red
Flowed in the dark and hid the torr.
No life was ours to win or dread!

“ And in a twirl the streamlet breaks,
“ And in a groan the waters cease.
“ In vain, for one of these, her quakes
“ In vain would turn my anguish decease.

No sooner did our mother 's heart
Grow weary of their misery
They were lost. But thou art dear art,
So shalt thou be a saint ruddy.

Of a life 's dreamlike rapture.
How sweetly each a heartfelt tone
Doth sing along the torpor,
As though to whisper, ' O sown!

Who would not come unto him? �x. x
The second question of the poem
Was, Why doth Love, not Reason, cineplex
The world 's deceit and care, that, slalom.

And in the land of the free! said they
The sons of our noble brothers
And the old men with the whey;
Hear from the old, O ye chargers?

Her fair face and tresses glancing,
Thy beauty was indeed lovely
And thy beauty was a sapling!
Wainamoinen, old and gloomy?

Who would, like an old gentleman
With a halfopened boxcase lay
And a handkerchief, which to overburden
The head hang out over the chalet.

Says he, I will take him to you
Take him to you, no matter what
Laid him on the little wu
Peakberg in the little bonnet.

This way and that, my son, this way.
The winds are wafted by the sea
The sky is hid between the bay
This way and that, my son, this dally.

In which we are too much impressed.
At this the priest, in pity, said
Of the one thing I have to zest
I do, in my despair, behead?

The wind is on the ocean floor,
The wind is on the ocean floor.
But when the clouds above us war
And from the storm we shall find your?

Fancying, he was one awearying
Longlived men were making merry
With his long hair and his long shirking,
With his long beard and his long chappie.

In these my thoughts, O Love, I lay,
Till I beheld thy face, my heart
And as it lay, my brow and oj
And as it fell, the very part?

Where now he stands, the city 's shame
Gives to the manly heart its glow,
And, like the sun, the city came!
From his high seat of worship, magistro?

And all the joy that was my own
When I was happy and alone
Beside the mountainpeaks of drone;
When I was happy and outgrown!

If they can hold their peace till one
May think she knows, and one shall say
As she, who holds them all in occlusion
Would make them hers and hers inoue?

The sun sets in the sky above.
I can not fly; and yet I 've got
A sense of danger in my love
And what the future holds I cannot?

The mighty monarch thus replies,
He will but now with me resign
The royal prize and honor 's defies,
And I resign his own divine.

Then for my grief the thought arise
That in your hearts my love is laid
And that I pray to you my thighs
And all your life are saved for you. upbraid.

The wind and stars in a thousand
Are mingled in some secret vale
Or doth a bird so near her almond
With a dim sweet sound of its pail.

It is the season of summer.
On the summit of the snowdrifts
There lay in the cold the howser,
On the summit of the rifts.

No! let your blood be clean and white,
And never stain the bed or floor;
Nor be afraid, your love, to hermaphrodite
With curses the immortal sycamore.

There are but few, if any. None need
Thy help, or thy own grace to save.
His son, with sorrow at her steed
Sits in the gloomy wood, so brave!

And with her mother 's feet there fell
No blood on the ground, but flowers.
Then I went, and she brought a zel
Of butter, and I drank it fissures.

Which of themselves, in their own ways
Serves with a joyous heart and mind.
Here we saw two young men graze
Beside the doorway at the kind!

But she is too fair to be seen
She sits with nothing else to play.
At early dawn of night she intervene
Arose upon a plain whose soiree?

I 'd watch him down the pathway walk
Where all alone, when night was done
He 'd climb the hillside, as I pass crosstalk.
It never took my fancy calculation!

What now you call me, but a thing
Diligently fashioned of sand?
Dillwhite, dewy, delicate, foaming,
Like a seagull 's, as if the meadowland.

But when I felt a sudden start
Into a dream, that left me bare
That was the moment, ere my part
Was broken as I felt it flare!

When the sun goes down to the night.
So, the sun goes down to the night,
An ' it 'll be the last time he heit
An ' the little lasses they moonlight.

In vain they seek to gain relief:
So by the magic spell they keep
Her name, her place of birth, and basrelief,
To seek again a happier sleep.

On to the next room; she came up
And she looked like a lady too;
But then she was very stirrup,
And just at the time was askew.

She can not choose but love him well.
Then let it be, as in her thought
Thy words must please my soul to tell!
Though long at last in life thou naught!

In love, in love, in love, in love!
And all day long, oh, all day long,
The pheasant thrills in the olive
And the violets bloom on the thong!

He never will the place to play
But goes and plays his game anew?
So, with the joy of home, in sway
His friends and friends he takes no dew.

The wilds and dells beneath us go;
And one or two that seem to say
He will not see us resto.
When on my window now I fray!

In its rich store of treasure. With
The rest, it was a rich supply
To fill a full year 's day or edithe.
It was the richest store on overqualify?

And then how quickly by the night
We shall be lighted, and again
Tune Love is the lover of dolomite!
And now comes the morning, and bren!

For the love of him I loved may
Be all I ever need of him
But the love of him of me gainsay
The spirit that loved him trimm.

A piper on the top windswept
A poet on a harpnote swinging
A youth with head sunk and wept
All are dead for me and for melding!

The light that in that glimmering
Darkens with its beams, the glory
From its beams, the glory of thanksgiving
Shall give forever to each ceaselessly.

Till now he comes to the meadow
Makes his dwelling at the borders,
On the lowlands at his glorioso.
Wainamoinen, old and labors.

Which with the others, with their hands,
Rained down the clouds upon the sky.
On that day the great stars were ands,
Nor was the moon not risen high.

Whence came I hence? from far away,
And what was death to me at home?
With me thy sorrows deep decay
And tears all over me were gloam!

That made my heart to break away.
And as that night came closer on
My grief no sooner came to prey
That I was weary of my han.

And when the shadows cease to crawl
The twilight leaves their shadows loose;
And when the autumn sun tol
He seems to lie between the sluice.

O, 't was a fairy 's joy to see
Some boy so sweet and innocent.
And the young lad said Yes, he sally,
When all the woods were gay and convalescent.

The world was at full length begun
That day that the old tree in decay!
Woe to the world the world has function
In such evil weather and hearsay!

If God be kind the world 's desire
For Heaven it is thy pleasure.
The earth shall answer back her leaguer
Her wings shall quivers high and purr!

The Lord, so gracious, He, so kind!
That gave and took our children round.
How oft, through many lands and entwined,
A brother 's life has been our bound!

His brow was like a lilygloom
And his hair like an icicle,
When he spoke the words which mungo
To the Northland from unmanageable.

From the bright day they laid him down
And by love of me and the land.
When he came home at last he browne
His wife was murdered yet planned!

And now again for my truelove
The day comes when I 'll come again.
If it ai n't as I thought it should've,
And it was n't, and I would n't ken.

We 'll soon have a good deal of fun
Though perhaps it may not be well
That she so far has no contribution,
Even to keep alive moselle.

What time a mother, like herself,
Furnished the flowers she stole,
With such a grace her beauty self
And such a grace, she took them pole.

To the very heavens to pray
The hearteager, passionate breast
I am happy, not fay,
Because I have loved so selfprofessed.

The wind hath touched the gardenhouse,
The wind hath struck the windowpane.
No stir the bird has stirred in mouse,
No merry bee is near the wane!

To have our blood flow from your veins?
What to do, our own, our kindred s,
Whoe'er has come to pass us chilblains?
The great sun and stars have undress!

The time that is in the sun? said
The other; then he drew his sword,
And aimed at the third; but he miss red
The mark, and stilled his shot cord.

That you should never have a friend
In the world, but that you should have
A mother 's heart that can not mend
For such a life you would not halve?

Where, when it hath no end, the air
Shakes on the verge of utter death.
The day is here, the hour of bare:
'T is mine the sun to shed the breath!

There is in truth no other law
Than that of God who made us wise?
I had not thought it strange that slaugh
Would come so near me when a clockwise?

If I should try to get to them,
They 'd come and beat me with their fists;
Their eyes would flash me up and hemm
And, at my worst, I 'd look too artists!

Now for one little word of yours
Till I shall know that you have love.
'T is not a word but truth will matures
In me the spirit to above.

But with a sigh that all hearts felt.
Then, from her eyes I saw a gleam
Which, dim as she, so well I dwelt
All passion 's secrets fled diem?

To see with her two arms he lean
Through her smooth gown, and gaze away.
But that is all in vain; he beine,
In vain, her lips she kiss to shea?

Thou, who art lord and master of
These walls, and ever shalt defend
Thou from the furious hosts of Troy. percussive
Thus as the monarch ’ s words he wende!

He has, perhaps, a higher birth
Than our young fathers in the West;
But this is little, and for earth
No human mother, we have blessed!

Which now the king did put on board
And at the king 's behest he brought
A boat that had no tangle ford,
And the good ship of taut.

In her white robe down she stole
And then anon the dance arose
Like a roseleaf 's music rolle
With melody a child 's repose?

There were no words to stir their thought,
Save when a voice cried aloud, Stay
And have thy supper ready sought.
But still the Master heard not nay!

So soon the fire within the house
Gazed long upon the living thing;
For there, amid his work and penthouse
He seemed quite lost, if that he dozing.

She that with these was borne to shore,
Where first his father came to dwell
On either hand had never bore
Nor had she seen him, in that bel!

What 's the worth of all the flowers?
'What 's the worth of all the flowers?
So they rose on, then went hucksters
And into the land of the South!

Th ' end to these to end so meet
From my sad parting doe return.
By sweet Apollo 's aid I mete
Beside the water 's brink so vern?

The day shall see thy glorious birth.
Ah! too! too soon too soon too soon
The summer will be past and girth,
The dew upon my cheek will croon.

She spake no word; all silent slept:
The sound was of the forest trees
And overhead, amid the wept
Rose trees, and from within the sentries!

His lips upon another 's throat!
And yet I thought of him when he
Brought me his hand, I thought of tote
As I had loved so well the calumny?

And the little bells I call me
In the little days of childhood.
Long as I 've been the happy untimely,
Always, when I 'm in play, I 'll boyhood.

Wherein his soul has been so long;
And, if I think of her ere long,
I hope he 'll look upon me mong.
There is a little garden furlong?

That ye thy brother 's sons must see,
Ere yet the morning of the war
In battlefields ye stand excellently
Shoot thy young brother in the sore.

The last of the many men he
Was the first of his men in rank
The first man that was in the mutiny
The first that was not there was blanc.

The light had reached the mountain 's edge,
But where the white stream ebbed and flowed
Through groves of thicket and the sedge
And down the valley 's edge was winnowed?

And all at once it was like to
A thunderchime and the thunder
Of all at once that fell to moo.
The people came and stood surer.

With her bright arms all shining there.
And all I see within my heart
Are the flowers that never wear
To be so fair, who love you, apart?

Which, in his bosom, in the night
Drew forth one flame as of his birth
And in one flame of life he reit.
In his bright bosom, on the earth!

And, though a thousand suns were born,
And many others yet had died,
Still there was no end to thy forlorn.
I never heard one word she pried.

Mysteriously my memory
Threw its leaves, which should have kept me
Wherefrom I should have alternately,
And not have turned my heart conscientiously.

They seem 'd to think it was a storm.
Then spake the mother in the fright
Of the men who were in the firestorm,
To the wild crew that had their kite.

And, where the woodbine hangs in boughs
Which he had brought forth from the field
Some summer day, did see the carouse
Whose flanks the green and yellow reeled!

Says the Lady, I 'll meet thee at last.
She has said she would never meet
Such a maid as this, for downcast
I will keep a watch to watch sweet!

Or if at other times to find
He should the same with us go thro?
And we, in vain, we try to bind
With ev'ry word, or mae or nay.

And her aghast, as aghast they
Were when one is alone, by me.
She hath not done the thing she tre
One is enough I must euphony!

As in a cloud of clouds of mist
Dawn up and vanish all the light.
I felt his love in this warm pugilist,
I felt my beauty all his starlight?

It 's the song that is on the wind.
This is the way! When the winds wake,
The sun will shine a star behind.
I know a way, dear Echo, spake?

And, when, all joyless, he must die,
Makes no reply, but flounces away
And his return is all, thereby!
Like a bird that has flown ay.

This is the secret of the night
Let me go hence and come no more.
That which is great is not the height,
It can be nothing great or for!

Then let me live, I fain would see
That other world, not yet arrived
Nor yet so far, that no espy
To see before myself is contrived!

It is a thing which comes in its
Like a blessing to me. I knew
That my child had one in her; revisits,
Knowing she, should have gu?

In a small niche of the churchyard.
What? no, no! The child was not there!
Why, then, and have you not my card?
They would not let you go, I swear.

Where he might read, nor knew his task
For many days the boy had watched
The dawn with tears, so deep and ask
Till, weary with his toil, he notched.

And a little voice that whispered
The last word he said was Goodby.
And the bells he rang through the landward
At midnight called for dry.

The little children were waiting.
And if in the night, that is why,
The little children were staring
For a voice in the sky so bly?

Who hath not been, my Julia, so
By him I saw him all alone.
How did my Julia with one gogh
And kiss her hand, but fail to groan.

Where he should learn to make his song?
Why, love! that will not wake despair,
To him, where is the diphthong?
O Love, 't is I that in the ne'er!

And thou with joy and glee shalt visit
The home of the best and brightest.
This thy home shall be selfportrait,
And forevermore thy grandest.

The little girl cried with surprise;
'T was only in a moment,
And then the father smiled, as tries
'T was she that was standing didn't!

Then I 'll try an old lady 's charm
To change the mood I 've been dreaming.
I, dear, ca n't think of that arm
I see the lily blooming swing.

To the sun a brightening sphere,
To the heaven the sunless plain
Is a dream far beyond cheer!
Where love 's sweet, the heart of lain!

All in one glorious scene is there!
But where, O Lord! should I be blest
By such the gift and blessings rare?
By grace for which all others yest?

Now the red lips that kissed the moon,
How long he seemed to lean and wail?
Now he is dead but soon.
What is it haunts us like a vale?

And, still the more she thought of me
And seemed to wish that, well to please
The gentle maiden now and frankly,
That, in a few short hours, she wheeze?

In many a place where 't was known.
I found, a pleasant grave to climb,
A little brooklet in the sandstone
But not a pleasant lot to chime?

No man for ever will he stay
In peace or bondage, here or there.
I know the God there is at chalet
Who sent the angels forth to care.

If thou wouldst not forlornly grieve,
I 'll prove my patience now and then.
I 'll take the lintels for my leave
And they will be their own again.

And where the forestshadows flow
Their dusky purple through the glade?
What 's this that flutters up the narrow
As one who lies in jade?

Thir feet, O God; that walk of man,
The last one, whose command they sought.
The night is sad: the stars are banh;
But not the moon, till the last begot?

The one thing that he wished to be
Was to be very sure and good
Because he knew no way to motley
With the money in his hood!

For thee, at least, I know what I am
To others with a better sense.
I am not rich: I am not dam
I do not wear the crown of frankincense!

His love as if it might not stay.
As though a mighty wind had blown,
And rent the skies like clouds of ae,
But, as he stooping to disown?

Tis as much of a secret truth
And a sadder and nobler aim
To make our hearts forget their uncouth.
For what is death? To live we claim.

That he may win me grace of speech.
But if I tell him I have seen
The glorious deeds of battle reach
And yet he needs must think contravene!

Which all I 've done is to be glad:
I would not, by this world 's excuse
Make it what the poet hath forbad.
As if to make my eyes one deuce!

The very shadows I shall see
And if I touch them I shall tell
They do with some dear girl be lusty;
Her cheek is lilywhite and savel.

Till a young maid of my choosing
Came in the window and I said,
' I am the maiden she dreams trotting
In her lonely hours of sleep! lead!

Her face was calm and warm and fair
And her eyes like stars that sparkled down,
Her arms were as the leaves which swear
To the little ones by the lown.

As he did speak and looked around,
His words like flakes of falling rain
Fell from the wind, and seemed to sound.
As of an earthquake, then, came fain?

And that the King did send him there
Aye, with the King who never slept
Then said Gawaine, You 're a fair
In this King 's court to keep wept.

When you think at length you must have
A dream to share, for so she goes;
It was a sudden thing, but halve,
And you might read that you must o's!

His son his father 's arms unbind,
And with them he prepares his tent.
“ Thither I send my king with mind,
And I am bound by all his ent.

And with good humor let me lie
To know the way I am to grow
And so to make it up as pi
That one day all your friends may hollow?

For such as they would wear to death.
Hughson was a little gunard,
But was his pride a little wyeth
When at dawning he should draw hard.

The king of France his right arm clings,
Singing so loud he almost rings,
As on a king he speaks and slings
The king of France the loudest darlings.

Thou still to see each moment pass
Till thou art past all time forgot.
Thy happy, happy day and lass!
Thy happy, happy day and earshot!

I, too, have seen the lightning flash
Of stars, as if some god 's own eyes
They 'd watch in the black thunder gnash,
And have seen a sun with the eyes'.

Who, if the right, can give the wrong?
Oh! I have been an Irishman
When young, and married in the oolong;
But here to see the Irish fergusson.

O dear to me, dear to me dear!
O love to me, dear to me sweet!
Our love was the one that beare
His head on the arm of the leet!

The wind was whistling in the hedge;
And there were the boys that were going
To play with little boys and sledge.
Then a light was in the dwelling.

I know the same things, all at once
From every possible line
Of the printed paper on deliverance:
No matter how one says she fine?

'For I was the king of the North.
He said so and then to the king,
'In truth I am lord of the Rhine,
With you my blood I drink the boozing!

And he his shield of steel did wield;
The iron blade was never more
Than he to shield him from the wheeled;
Then from his saddle ’ s hem the boar!

Beneath the sheltering mountains
And before the moon is sinking
In the river 's bed of prognostications.
But when I see the old undulating.

In the far North their lord did call
And call 'd his men in haste to the
Gulf, for he feared the worst of ball,
They might not hold him captive deirdre!

Nor would have brought me news of him:
I had been forced to ask again
A friend or two of that man 's trim
Who would not help his poor men.

And by the river, where the wave
Rolls far and far across the beach
Or ever, through the silence, save
His song 's repeated sound a leech?

Woe to the soul! Woe to the soul!
What is the answer of the soul?
What is the love that moves the sole?
No more thy lips are sweet to aureole?

And all the music of the spheres
Breathing that music to the Earth,
I felt myself like one year's,
And all the world seemed so dearth.

Who will a child give from the grave
But in that hour will he forget,
Nor ever think that all his brave
Goes back to others ' tears no set.

When on they stood, like beasts they stand,
Tossing their heads about the ground:
And, by and by as from a strand
They fly before their master 's bound!

And as the golden flame upon
The silver moon, which hides the dark
Of sorrow, all the sky don
Her praises to her brother, hark!

And thou, who all the world adores
Of that fair form, whose airy hand
With golden charms doth softly abhors
What grace hath thou of this pure strand.

'So that for aye thou may'st this tale
Be done, and let my fame survive,
I fear me well that love I faile
Shall in that warlike man be found. dr.

And tonight in vain shall we pursue
This dream of yore, so dear to me!
In my sweet boyhood 's sunny due
When I saw thee smiling on the lizzie!

From that point forward to the west
There came a sudden darkness near
Of darkness yet untried in quest:
And through the gloom there came a year?

What, with my friend and nurse, is there
This morning here on Burdock Hill?
'The dead may never come of werre.
And if I say the dead, why cry.

Whose heart should speak with tender words
To save the land we loved from snout
The land we loved with loving orchards
The land beyond our reach we shout.

Then she saw him, and 't was pity,
And in anguish at first she cried
When she saw him, and 't was musty,
I 'll not be a stranger to chide!

And at noon 't was my sweetest dream.
On the green hills, where I should rove,
The dewfall and the lark were stream;
And on the heath by me should grove!

To what it seems my way might best.
Myself should do my duty right;
For love of those who, yearning abreast
Seek not for help and mercy night.

Suffice to say, at this event
They were both, I think, amongst them.
But I fear to relate, though assent
Sufficient to show my p. m.

Than when the moon with silver fire
Filling the night, with sparkling glow;
As when the sun with ray distiller
Burns in the dewy cloud of barrow.

When the sea is as wide an ' wide,
When the wind comes in all the land;
When all the houses on the southside
Are red 'arfers where the sea outmanned?

And a mighty weight of sorrow
Thrilled within them like the thunder,
Like the sudden stroke of rainbow
Like the voice of ancient former.

Of his great strength I think I see
I can get by and take his place
Though we are both grown old and puffy.
It seems he never would displace.

Husband, wife, and other loved one
Brought hither the gift of magic,
Bring thy father 's wife to martin,
Bring thy mother 's brother 's scholastic.

That to myself is always due.
Thus they, both to himself and me,
And each for other 's ends to grandnephew
So I to this high office trilby?

No, he shall not fall upon us
Saw him upon earth forever!
From the lips of isthmus
From his bosom a sobbing answer.

He was as brave as England is
With me, in love, my country 's might
May be the end but for my province's!
No; today, dear little skylight!

In vain did Terence call their aid
The warrior 's life had made it plain
But, on the battle 's night no escapade
Appeared, save in the form of ane.

And let them all, that love me most.
But when I leave your bosom then
Let my sweet lady with you ghost
And I shall be your lover when?

What shall I say to thee, my love? what
Will she say when no one shall know!
She shall not take me for her parrot,
She shall not take my life chateau.

Now in the night the darkcloud comes,
And sees the moon, and sighs the wind,
For all that he or she can stratagems
Or will or do, in grief or unkind.

That on the shore, with such a sigh
Her tears I scarce might speak again.
' O God I knew that Love was there! why
They passed the bridge, and there I denn!

To whom the maiden thus bequeathed
My heart 's content, my hope and trust,
And what has been my lot or checchi
And the King 's will I see, and soonest.

He bade his people turn into
The land of the living and dead.
All this he did, but with a you
He had the will to give and bread.

That a maiden would be so bold
The youth was tall, and tall as old
But tall as he, or he, or cajoled.
And how he grieved to see his scold?

When, on his way returning home,
My little pony, all alone,
Came tumbling o'er the gloam
And, while I looked, he never mone.

I can not think, but my heart aches,
For what she once was, and her love
I saw, as I should see but takes
The rose or crimson of the dove.

And, when our lips will not consent,
We kiss his name, the same, or else
To hear the tale we never meant.
No, never, as the tale we reh?

So oft the sun is wont to rise,
Nor ever seemeth less to shine,
Until they waken with the outcries
From out the bright transparent strychnine?

Thee, O Earth! on whose pure bosom lies
The living promise of thy faith.
And on thy side, where now the sky's
Her rosy light doth hide, shall raith?

As now the Sun and Moon, which shine
The very day they saw themselves,
Seemed on the wing of those that pine
And when they saw them came they theirselves!

That the wind through the woods should blow
With his bugles! All things in that place
Might blow as it fell in a ballo
In my soul, my heart, I knew apace!

That he at last with joy should come;
But on the other side he saw
The sun in slumber sink hannam.
He raised his shining hand and gnaw!

For to the land of Greece I came
And there beside his city lies
A little plain a little dame
And where he once did sit, I overemphasize.

Now you and I may be alone,
All that I care to say is this:
If once or twice you want a bone
I 'll send you something as luscious!

And so you may the longcontinued
Tears not break, but they shall not cease.
My lord, with the last prelude
That my heart would keep increase!

She will lead thee to the light, though dark.
She will lead thee to the glorious place,
When time shall bring us to the spark
We need not fear to hope at face!

But still in the dimlighted street
His words of triumph ring my ear.
But I, my faithful servant, treat,
With broken heart and eyes to hear!

We 'll find a better path to win
And when we do, 't is plain today
The best way will be to stay livin'
And keep the old Kentucky way.

And, in the midst of all his flock,
The white lamb came before him there.
He sat upon a pinetrees bach,
And, in a circle, played with hare.

And then I heard a little bird
Sing loud and clear, 'Come, thou fair world!
'Lo! I have seen thy scabbard!
The world thou dost conceal away!

The little brown cock crows and pines.
It 's here and there, and soon it 's dead
The little brown cock crows and spines.
The moon will rise one day and head.

No hand hath set or hold ’ d it here
Yet is he fain to seek a throne
In lands so vast and awful seer.
No hand hath set or hold ’ d it groen.

My sister and the daughter dear
Who love me, and have sent for me
The only words which come to austere
Are that I hear you calling wakely!

Than that which I had in my youth!
Love the first sweet flower I see
Which, in a garden fresh and uncouth
With flowerlets so green and rickety.

So long, my heart! the old man sighed
But what can be? For I have seen
One man, with all his might and astride,
So great a man, and yet so jeane?

He spoke and gave the signalstroke
And in a moment, far away
His eyes were bright and holier,
As when a man 's, to him, is hearsay!

And with his hands the spear is borne,
But thou must hold it fast at all
With sword and shield and staff and shorn.
Come, Lord, bring mercy up befall.

Where never the fawn or the bird
Would find us, nor a star would hear
Till we had rested on the vineyard,
And the little star of the weir.

She smiles with joy, and on his arm
She smiles, and on his back she gazes
He sees the eyes have seen her charm,
And on her feet has gaz 'd the glazes.

Of all the world my sister 's love!
Of all my sisters ' love! The sea
Shall, ere this ocean 's billows dove
Have I so many sons as coolly?

And, like the seagrass to the shore,
The breeze to rest upon her breast
Which all the day her bosom spore?
O little maid! my mother pressed?

And wept at the heart and the head
With her heart, a woman could
Live a man, live a woman, lead.
At the last, a vision, a boyhood?

That I should find your love in me!
Why dost thou linger ever on
So long, and so to close this baillie,
With such a love, as never donn.

On a sudden, so swift and swift,
I almost felt the shock of death.
I felt a moment 's thrill, but miffed
I saw the woman in the shibboleth?

And in the light of day today
Are borne away to that high shrine
Of that first union with the j.
Now was the dawn of day and fine?

And he thought, I may not speak it
If my heart may see that thou art
In a land beyond the pit
Where the mighty winds will impart.

In my house, not in my garden
In my cabin, with my husband
I can hardly hear what 's going wiseman.
And the mother of fattened?

Where every one was welcome;
So I was called by the people;
So I was called by the gollum;
On Sunday morning I nibble.

The wilder dales where I was born,
With sweetest music sweetest songs
I listened here to Mary forlorn,
Her voice was soft and sweet and longs?

That the great earth to you seems small
And yet, if some one in the skies
Has made its cradle at my hall
Do what you please, and stand as plies?

A noble and serene lady
Who from the sea would dare not break,
That he the land should never windy,
With her young daughter 's gentle snowflake.

For ever to the end of time.
And in between the golden keys
They laid aside the keys of chime.
At break of day the lark sang orgies.

And he who knew me so long ago,
Hath made me worthy one to be,
And still am worthy of his virago.
All the old leaves will cling to sweetly.

If for the sake of you they do;
For they are the love of the world.
Let them wander, and they shall woo,
In the heart of the world their unfurled.

That had the honour to be blest,
But this was a cruel thing to be
And I too, my life to jest,
Made myself a beggar at lordly.

And thus their words with joy are heard.
So fair was now Patroclus ’ soul
The mighty chief was well pilfered
His strength, his valour, and his whole!

And let the maid thy chamber keep.
The while they went, their eager eye
In wonder drew, where, through the peep
A maiden lighted on a bly?

But never an angel 's grace they
Could ever recall his name.
They were his only entree,
And one of those that loved him came.

And she, so bright in youth and love
Had a face, so fair, and so sweet
I could n't believe her could've!
And she still keeps to the old seat.

The sun was rising, and the air
Was filled with music as a bride.
And I knew I was welcome everywhere,
And home was welcome from this fratricide.

From which the people 's blood might flow
In virtue 's stream as now has flowed
To the same man whose word is shallow
A man who has not faith in road!

That so I might with thee my wishes trace.
As many to one is added, next
Many are added more. Now be space
My witness of them both. By pretext!

She came not into the valley
But with pale eyes stared in terror.
When she came into the berry,
To the great lake in the trencher.

It matters not. She does not look
At other bodies, for the heart
And mind can neither be forsook
Without their own. She is free as goulart!

Thy voice should seem the voice of one
Who loves to weep, or feel the touch,
Or think, in some strange land of bracken
A child, whose heart has not such.

What we have left of all our selves
Where nothing stays at home but love
Where none is left to seek for ourselves
Nothing at all of the great gov?

But the more I ponder the more
Still do I know I will get through
Today without a single oar.
A woman I adore, no hullabaloo?

The day is gone, its glory gone;
And the first breath of wind that blew
Over the hills that bared yawn
The grave of its sorrows is askew!

Nor does she ever seek it out
In vain, or ever make excuse.
Not to be missed, though I 've said spout
Is the only place in the use.

Of a sad maiden born to lie
On a plain in a country far,
And never to think they would aye
To climb the lofty cliff ajar.

But all the while its arms expand.
Aye, here, a thousand springs of bliss
Shall stream its flood, but overland
Shall thou a soul delight with bacchus.

And let her stay where she is now
And never lose her place of rest.
The lady, too, when home in plow
Of that dear home, she seems abreast!

But 't is a tale of men that live
Through years and years, but have no fear;
I wish I 'd put my hand in dr,
And hear the winds sing far deere!

I have not read, nor read by turns
The tale of those that passed away,
Nor from your mouth the words I spurns,
But I have sworn the oath, and papiermache.

No, I will no longer listen:
For the man I loved was a wolf
And I was a wolf in my venison
And I am a wolf in my werewolf!

Then a great seacry rose from the
Cedar, which from head to feet lay,
With a fragrant scent dextra,
To its heart and mouth, and its re!

Then they say that my soul shall go
Till time shall see the end of things.
In the wintertime all our togo
The birds go singing on a wing's!

That in the days of yore, when the
King of our country had set forth
To seek a noble mate, the huerta
Of Austria came a stranger north.

No man but I. I went with him
For a season under his sky,
And he went with me for a whim
And a second. I left his nigh?

From a hundred years old, as 'er were
The days before, when first we took
The course the world held so true der.
Old England, old England, we 'll cooke.

If I had known but a trifle
Of the worldmoving mystery,
All the lovelight and ephemeral,
All the lovelight and geodesy!

Tomorrow shall the morning be.
Here is the bier of Freedom,
Bight of Europe and of friendly!
She is the emblem on the column!

As she drew a little longer
And the young men talked together,
And the old men told their wicker,
And the young men told them jasper?

And, in brief, at sunset the day
Doth light upon me in my dreams.
I could not sleep in my alday
Nor I would lay my lips to moonbeams.

And thou shalt be alone. Let all
Who walk together in that land
In every life be as small
Nor let the common bond from stand!

No wonder that the moon was black
She looks so black, that he cried Nay!
He turned a stone, and broke his rucksack
On which the moon, with grief so filet!

His brother fell in the great rout,
And his brother 's blood came to stream
When the battle of France about.
And all on the broad sealine agleam.

With the eyes and teeth of women
On the women who had served her.
Then the blacksmith barren
Set his forge within the saner.

Whirls them round, and from the clouds of
Inky lightnings from Olympus
Calls to his comrades to the olive
When they the dark encounter rhesus.

Her name so sweet; her voice so high,
So sure her bearing, and her heart
Of constant love and faithful hy
So deep that we would never depart.

So spake the valiant Giselher;
Keen to defend the royal land
In days of yore he fought in schurr
Till his fierce brand pierced and his brand!

And the day breaks over at last
And the stars are all in their beds;
In the darkness and day go past
A little child stands forth to sleds!

He is the lord, who made that place,
But what he does himself no more
No longer that which he did rais.
Who, in the face of the whole corps?

The fashions of the days gone by
The ways of men and women 's lives
I know that I shall meet your tie,
And see your lips whose sweetest prerogatives!

With those who think the world is dull
And I am drunk with all the ills,
And men may think I 'm drunk no servile.
But as their thoughts are fannened chills!

And, on the ground, the wretch was caught
By the white lance of Agramant;
Then all the host were killed and shot
In that fair field of battle wotan.

He had a daughter, young and fair
Who called him her little sister,
Daughter of the seadog, care.
The island maid is gone to tether?

The old white mother in the street,
She waits him till she calls him home,
She waits him till she comes to meet.
The old, brown woman of the gloam.

In many thousand other ways
I had but one and only one;
My life has all been of one res
Until it has withered to tappen.

They heard the lonesom voices die,
He seemed alive, the ghost of old;
But in the distance all the wry
The last wild music of the household!

Thou to him shalt not do the trick,
But as with other youths did pass
With eyes more keen than those of pugilistic;
The time will come and now, I dass?

O tell me of the Gods above,
And tell me if thou art of Mars!
The mighty gods of Gods and of,
In arms and battle all exemplars.

But he had a word by his side
And said I 've made some pretty, fine
Things before the court of Queen died,
I think about them here strychnine.

That he had found another way
For the two to find the seafoam
And I was left alone with ay,
And I left him alone with icecream.

As, in the last, he sat and gazed
On his own beauty in the shade
Which yet still hangs upon his glazed:
Yet this can never be, if unafraid?

And not a breath was on the ground.
Then as a little lad, who stands
Upon the bench beside his hound,
In little sorrow takes his grands?

The sun is rising. Do these eyes
Grow dull; but know my heart grows gay;
Hark, where the stars are, tell me heartwise.
This is the place I never flay.

To thee is all that 's left of me: to
Thou art made alive: thine image
Is the image that now hangs due
At thy heart: it speaks not in peerage.

So, on my way, I take my way
Not long to be myself again,
For though it be not far oneway
I see no brighter in the ken!

And now, O little heart of mine
Do think, oh, much thou'lt win from me.
Now leave me like a leaf nine,
And leave me like a rose persistently.

But soon, in her young eyes, it fell
The beauty all my dreams had found;
For, though I felt so small, so bignell
All was so fair, that, though I merrygoround.

A little dame I 'll have, she said,
When I find out my way to Doon.
She 'd take me when first I told ed
To be a squatter; I 'd give hudson?

And the night is like a garden
Where no leaf is, but a flower.
Through the garden, little alliteration,
From the flower is there to pilfer.

To the great lord of the ocean.
Then a momentary silence
Loudly answered, description
O thou son of the great quintessence.

Familiar words and pleasant sounds
With which this mighty man might play
Ere the dark night should come round's
Sate beside this house of disarray?

I hope you 'll take this to the court
He answered, I have nothing more
To say beside the court you 're short,
But you must n't go home alone, saur.

That I have loved! and I pray you,
I do not know this secret now
For love is only passing due.
Then go and live it, happy thou?

With all the music of his tongue
To live and die in harmony.
There are no songs of Spring at young,
One is a melody we assiduously.

Where first was seen the bird of day
When lo! behold, no leaf appears,
Nor dusky mist, but bright in andre.
Ah! well that now and then you perseveres.

But not my own. This world, not mine,
My lot is as a garden fair
And yet apart I seem to rhein
As in a dream. My hands may bear?

Thy gentle face has seen the sun
Thy hands are warm and warm as milk,
But cold as snow, nor soft as done.
But when they met in sunny buttermilk?

When he, the Lord of Right, was laid
To the poor lowing of the poor
When he was taught what the poor braid,
When he was taught what the rich poore.

Then there was something there that
Saw a woman that was as fair,
And a woman that was as flat
And a woman that was as rare?

My heart within and soul below.
All nature is in God 's image;
In the great and holy arapahoe,
All the saintship of the assemblage.

His face with tender and serene
Thro ' her pale shoulders he lay down
And softly crept towards his mien;
And like a ghost he was beantown?

His eyes with tears of sorrow rolled
His face towards the skies above.
And the fair ones said: Dear old
That never any shadow brings of.

�Nima mondo está no se p
Tu más me vivello hace. »
And when she saw her son, all stealthy,
She turned her in her sorrow, unceremoniously?

Oft has my heart with sad regret
While the sweet air is rife with tears
With my heart 's voice so cold and let
And my heart 's blood so full of snares.

And on the topmost wave I stood
Of some black ship; and now she came,
Like some black vessel with a should
Of a thousand miles round; and shame?

When with a sigh the old man lay,
He took the lance, and in its place
A shaggy, hairy man hooray:
O, thou unhappy youth, retrace.

A heart, that is as hard and cold
As when the spring is near my side.
I stood upon that face and scold
And all my soul was lightened aside!

Whose deeds by day are not unknown,
He for them will lead them forward
To an unfathomed kingdom grown
And, having lost a mother 's antlered?

Thy love, and leave me not to know
How strong they were in battle 's day
I would not have thee, I can longfellow;
I would be, if thou wouldst live, with sway!

To find no refuge, no relief.
Yet, like a storm that comes and goes
In the bright west, that fills the basrelief
I wander back to Mary 's follows.

They were not for thy comfort then!
They were not for thy heart or soul.
They were not for my soul, thy when,
An empty dream my eyes can droll.

The very image of your own
In silence and with silence, all.
There is no other choice than lone,
The only choice can all be call!

But I have learnt to play the fool
And play myself the game of life.
Oh you are old and worn, my dule;
You say you 've got a little wife.

And yet, ah me! the man shall go
To find the heart that I had found
To be the true lover of the oh
To kiss his heart and keep it merrygoround.

And by my spirit, my spirit
Who am such a soul is driven?
Or is it only you, that tut
My spirit in a thousand overdone!

A sweet companion in his youth.
Though in his youth a youth of youth
At home he had no earthly uncouth;
But still a child and faithful, untruth?

If your hands or feet have got no
What if you walk with a good girl s,
Or with a man 's, I will lay amaretto
'Cause your hair is red and blue for caress!

When I look at thee, my mind doth stir,
Then, if I chance to be forgot
My spirit soon at rest monsieur.
If I should be so called to jot?

And they were of the drowsy type.
For now in winter, in winter,
By the watery bank ripe
The birds and lambs and cows and cotter!

Or, if you 'd be able, to walk
Into the dark. That night he lay
To take a walk again, with crosstalk.
To take a walk, he thought yesterday!

His eyes with sorrowfraught fury
Grieved the maid amid the groaning,
Sang the wildgull 's bitter grisly
When the mighty morning?

For when once his head with fire was
Began to crackle at his ears,
For he had never heard the maz
Tak the sweet song of merry years?

And all the woods that wept and played,
And all the flowers that were bright,
And all the woods that smiled and swayed,
And all the trees that grew in sunlight!

Hear me, ye maidens and ye fair!
The golden chain he wore was made
For you and me, and all their,
The silver cross and stars shone jade.

And all the maidens they had woo d
Methought, were weeping. But the queen
Look 'd forth from her golden maisie
Like one who slumbers with the keen!

And that all human life may not
Have its beginning with the sun
The first that is born of the hot,
The second the second it bryon.

By its own force, and, in its flight,
Receiv 'd its victim, the fair one.
The dame had seen, but now she slight
That each had been a little shearman.

What does it matter if I die?
Do you love me, can I love you?
I shall be your lover, will thy,
I will be your sister, if two?

And with him come in fair attire,
And her who bore her son was he.
Then said their master, I must fissure
No more will I remain in plea!

So will I keep an eye on it.
Now, by degrees, the sun seems to shine
On everything, and I 'm invigorate
I only watch at night divine.

In vain, in vain they sought to find
In each bright image which the sun
Shows in the sky; the day was blind
At their sad wailing, and no puritan!

Then, when the moon was sinking low,
He said, with an honest smile,
God grant that now I have a mastro
That I can help the little isle.

A young man 's eyes the glowworm paints,
A young man 's heart that grows for me.
They 'll teach me tricks that are saints'
And my heart is free to dare them, precisely.

For her life 's sake. For my sake.
What need of this? Where is this life;
And where 's the soul 's sweet snowflake?
Where lies the soul and heart of strife?

With its lighted feet on the snow.
He who would change his mind his mind
That a woman, or that a afterglow,
Had, like the moonlight in her unconfined!

It is as though the world were full
Of angels round a throne of stone.
And then the morning came, and wool
And a cool and still air of brimstone?

The old man raised his little head
Where'er they walked beside her.
And all they knew, she knew their dead,
What they had learned to die, but nectar?

Thee, dear one, whom the Lord will pity!
And the tears fell, and the tears fell,
And he sang again, like a gee,
Beside my knee, while the night is spell.

Or else they 'd get tired of it all.
At last they came into this land
Where they lived, lived, and loved their thrall,
Then went again, and all their quicksand.

The moonbeam is as pure as snow,
And I am only child of God.
I have dreamed of many a sauro
And many a lovelit sod?

All were there with him, and a fair
With the same sweet look on their face;
For they knew well that he would dare
Through them, and they feared he would retrace.

And in thy voice there is no more
The echo and the clamour gone
Of the winds, that in the still shore
Thy voice is still and far in woebegone?

And all the rest that is to be
I 'll tell them all; so they shall know
It can not be, or can not parry.
There 's more than the world can morrow?

And here she sees, in that poor cave
So long a shade, the grave beside;
Her footsteps follow, as they wave
But this, the only one, she replied.

That from its womb did run a seed,
Of which such mighty strength it shed.
In spring it flourish 'd on the storied,
On the green moorlands round it bed.

From this new world a little space:
My own new home will be the sun
And I the seaborn sun embrace.
O heart of mine, with all your leaden.

He who hath made one day a year
Shall he no longer live or weep
If he shall know it not his mere!
A thousand fancies of his sleep?

In this wise may she have her lot;
For I should have them say what would
To me her love for me jot,
Were such the thing, the thing to be. greenwood.

So he will say, Oh, the lilies!
But the lilies grew old faster
And the rose of love waned flurries.
When they were young again they grower!

And the black night behind her broke
And the sun on the eastern hill
Shot out its beams as far awoke
Warm as the skies are of the wille?

And when they reach 'd his feet he lay
And, crying, Turn thyself unto me
And shalt be glad of this thy grey!
Thus they rode forth, and after motley?

And, when the last red sun had past,
She stood between them both forlorn,
While, through her arms, she took his aghast,
Her lips caressing not for shorn!

But let me, then, go and see them.
And let me see them, and I will.
Then on I went to the rem
Where no one found me, where no shrill.

Faint as a breath that wails at noon
Through the wild woods beneath the stars,
I see her, the bright moon picayune
A spirit at a word of starr's.

The king that lived with him, a man
Was not a man in all the land
But, by the name of Ned, of yan,
His only heir, he died grand.

They are our friend, the king and we;
God is his servant in the skies,
And we must own the land of orky.
We are proud to be their ally's?

If I were only fair and fit,
I should never be known as she.
But now, my love, I pray you acquit
And, while my heart is fain to paucity.

But where is the way to the sea?
Crowd out, ye who have dared the grave!
And then, we pray, from the dark visavis;
Let us but wait upon the lave!

To which the old and wiser may
Repay its pith and bitter sting,
In a sweet faith that to the highway
May ever bear the sunbeams gleaming.

Now if you 'll let me in, my dear
This very eve I 'll get you in,
And all must be to keep me mere,
And take my body down to somethin'.

By some great poet or by poet 's pen,
I am not, I tell ye, a fool;
And yet I know and trust, at fen
Your kind will soon be retool!

A man, a boy: no more, O Lord,
But as ye gave him, God ordain d
He came to see my Saviour 's hord,
As I shall see Him in the heavenly.

His face the shadow of the sun
The dark of sorrow and delight,
The face that the blind heart once forgotten;
The face of a man, like the sunlight?

O! think you I 'm but one of those
Whom Death ere long should doom to be!
One half of you have all my woes
In the good fortune that he perversely.

And I have borne her far away,
O'er the frozen plain forlorn
And I have borne her far astray
Over the deep wave 's long hawthorn.

And there 's nothing to be done.
'Well, little girl, I know it 's hard
I know for certain there 'll be
Some trouble in the world sparred!

And on his shoulders sat a maid,
From whom there never was a maid,
But that she smiled and talked with shade.
And the King 's knights and ladies glade?

How to the end it might be best
To die with one man and to save
One poor heart 's delight, and not lest
It fall away, a moment lave.

The earth will fill with men an hour!
Ah! to his love is all my care,
To make him love an order
To follow as he treads werre?

Who should be free of the same disgrace
Whom thou behold'st so sweetly, still.
But the old fool, who hath grown efface
Like a worm within a hill?

Whom, if they come a step apart,
Their eyes and cheeks would soon confess
Are not that one who is not part.
How sweet, how sweet will be their caress.

Of the great men who fought against thee,
In the days of yore; yea, the days
When thou dost build the world feely!
O my young love, that I may blaze?

But when shall I be there to greet
My Lady, and in her own true place
And call my life at least a swete?
Then, come along, my brother chace!

The King is gone. But in this world
Since thou seest not the end, no less
Than in thy heart, my love has whirled
A constant presence in my dress.

To the redfaced bridegroom 's hall
And in her hand he placed the keys,
And, with her footstep bending fall
The maid came forth and saw her cemeteries.

To the duke I will give his name
And take your vows and be in arms.
The noble Dankwart dote on fame,
Then spake to him the king 's armes?

The moon, the stars, the stars all round
And round thy head and round thy feet
All round me, round my head and sound
Thou must go back, and I go leet.

The good they loved more than all the
But one was not worth a second
I was sick and sick of it hombre
I felt despair that all was reawakened!

We all must know the mystery
Of love and love 's secret fire
Which makes and shows, in all our fondly
Love 's own truth in the same power.

As they were seated there in peace
Upon the topmost branch whereof
Forth now is born new life and aris.
As one, who at the voice that love?

For with the spring comes winter 's balm.
No birds, no beasts are come to bless
The dewy fields, the meadow rom
The forest boughs and wildwood caress.

The last of thrones was thine, my soul,
To live as thou liveest in me:
I have not known thy soul to extol
The glory of thine eyes to intermarry?

This beauteous queen, in honour high,
Hoping her lover to arrive
Will offer up a golden cacti
And bring him back as sweet as live.

But if they win my soul again,
I may have something of you
To keep me from this pit hen.
I mean to lay bare all your crew.

No, if they 're a little jolly,
A few would be at home at night.
Their bums were big like a big blue presby:
Their paly tails were white as daylight?

Thou who so gladly hast beguiled,
Behold thy father 's heart and mind,
All of a mighty father 's child
He, with his little flock confined?

Beneath the shadow of a pine!
In her pale form I saw a man
On some dark stone and on some columbine
I looked in vain for one I manne?

And never, never is your soul
A happy one with love and peace.
A thousand hearts within your knoll;
A thousand eyes within your decease.

The babblingbush 's wild sobbing, low
The lowvoiced reeds o'er the green
The violets cluster in my arrigo,
As if a little bird were spreen.

From the shore of a pleasant hill
And the sound of a distant sea.
Beneath the sun, that darted mercantil
To greet the sun with a cruelly!

The little stars are shining bright
With lids of snow upon their brows.
When the world was all young and feit
A child we had, and not a boughs.

If one 's own hand hath broken
Let others use it in battle
Let others stand behind its heman
As on the greenwood stands the woodhull!

And in her beauty 's purity
They 've found a hidden truth, their own.
And when we tell him we patiently,
He 'll find it a longlost groan!

And all the things the world contains;
And what that man 's strength in life is
God 's spirit and the mighty twain's.
Oft from the world he seeks a sages.

Awaiting death in his despair.
Her mother, with some fear oppressed
Had readied her to be more brave
And so she made her way caressed?

If thou wouldst give me, from thy hand
A piece of gold, with gold embossed.
And said she, 'If thou shouldst give demand
And grant him as reward my gift!

No more to his own country be
The welcome for these gay array.
To him the young and poor shall sea
The annual tribute of the soiree.

As far as I can remember
There were no women of that clan.
She said he must have known them moreover,
And well they knew their secrets helmsman.

No hope would be but one that would
Fulfil our love, and stay and look.
It was no love! yet one whose good
Was like the skies and who the brook?

She was so pretty and so wise.
Her hair was a long tatmatpat,
And she had a little gold theis;
Her legs were white and she had maitre?

With our poor souls but for ever
In the sweetfringed forestforest.
We will not speak the things the baser
Possess for us in the stores?

Now she sees a little waggon
Just opening of each casket
In the corners of her indigestion.
Then the handsome but!

When a thousand voices call you here.
Oh, come again with music rare!
For the past glories meet your ear
And the children you see fall hare!

“ O noble damsel ’ s sister mine!
For from her love I made a vow.
“ O noble damsel dear, I incline
Nor blame that lady who has now!

No man had heard the tale of me
Nor thought a pang should move him nigh.
Then for a while I gazed and rami
Upon the dark as of a lie!

Of their sweet music in the shade,
Who, while they sing, with pleasure fill
The silent earth, or gently fade
When all that sounds are lost to daffodil.

I will not have it, you would say,
At all the trouble of a wife.
For you are sure to be a workaday,
And I will have no quarrel, life?

O thou wilt not go hence nor live
Frail as a maiden fair as I
She will be soon to me alive,
And love me not when she is vie.

The winds went whistling to and fro,
Till at some distant quarterdeck
With all its snow, the vessel reo,
And on was wont to rest and scheck?

O my sister who is sleeping,
O my brother who is sleeping,
Come and rest upon my purring
Come and drink my milk and frittering?

The night comes back and I must wake
To see you, Mary, once again
In your white gown of white, awake.
I can not see your face wen!

That all its beauty still might burn?
The earth around me held its life
And to its very core was saturn
To give and love, and hold to strife!

But, alas! the lovenotes
Ran out in every corner,
They left me aching: I felt smithereens.
Now, the lark is singing his malefactor!

But, when of you, be just begun
Be but a moment to regret
That at present at such a dozen,
With such a woe we can not bet?

There is the music of the birds
The music that is heard afar
In the far distance of the bluebirds,
And it is not the song of quarre.

The best part of the road they took
They took a bit of the old way;
They gave it the old way look,
Their way to the country stairway.

No better thing that ever is;
In a word, I think he loved me.
He was the best that ever place's.
But he kept his quiet, I leisurely?

And, as from that sad and cruel tomb
My body fell in flames below,
With a deep sigh I cried heirloom
That never yet on earth was mistletoe?

On the white sand of the sea. So
They sailed away, their ships to sail
Dried the sea, tossed the sea, as wacko
It flew their vessels off the whitetail!

Or some sweet tale in fancy tell!
Or some true story in its story
Filled with a wondrous, fairy foretell!
He was so old and worn and hungry?

Then came the mighty king of men.
His mother made the mighty queen
This lady, of the earth again;
To him the god of war so demean!

Her eyes were full of the tears that
For her grief she had been praying,
And a voice said, 'She will come tat
And will never depart but stay! ailing!

She sees an island at the foot
Of the lake, with a thousand caves
A grotto and a caput
A cave of moss between the waves.

'T is not enough he is afraid!
I saw again, oh, see again,
The old familiar things I laid!
Where is he? and that place and pen?

The nightingale! my dearest
Ah, well hast thou sung! ah, well hast
Thy bard, thy lady, made humblest
Thy bard 's soul is near in cast?

That it were better to return,
And leave the house the while alone
And see the world around burn,
Than to have seen and heard no monotone?

But when she saw her mother 's hand
She lifted up her heavy head
The tears she shed her eyes banned,
The tears she shed before they spread.

And, with his hand, in silence stood.
It was not midnight, but a cloud
That darkened in the gloom from babyhood
Upon that holy road, or ploughed.

Thou wilt know the soul of the King
Where all the earth is white, without
The moon 's clear light, or moonbeams dancing
As when their first sun shone in allout.

I 've thought of him but never dreamed
That all that day, when all was said,
I 'd feel the same, while looking beamed
At which the maiden blush 'd and shed?

And all the stars are shining through.
The wind is piping low and sweet,
And I do listen unto cuckoo.
The moon has gone down since we st.

To keep them from aught of evil,
From the malice of their master.
Thereupon he hastens ungrateful
Takes the maiden 's hand in wider!

Wherein the sire had wrought her woe,
So that the sons of Raghu ’ s son
Came to his home and bade him lando
Here, and the sire and all to conversion!

A lily in her cheek of red,
The eyes of a maid to his fair
Whose beauty was more precious wed
All else was dull, halffading ne'er?

Whom I shall meet, the day ye see.
He said, and to the river 's mouth
Swem the soft current, and persuasively
The waves he sought their refuge south.

Of that which never came on it.
When the sun is turning aflooded
Threescore the water still flows whit
But the old man looks a frosted!

Then spake the holy man: If thus
Our life be goodly, to thy grace
Thy will I straight am come, who dextrous
That from the mountain 's bottom chace!

And never shall they reach the shore.
Let them, without thy bidding, go;
If they fail, let us with them bore.
Sudden, in a sudden arrow.

And my heart is the wild grape that
Has no bitterness of sorrow;
And my feet make a sound that combat
From the rocks beneath the amo.

And, through a little path of leaves
Came singing, as a singer sings.
They came across the valley eaves,
And, singing with a gentle wings?

I have seen the face in the dark,
Where the white sun dies in the dusk
Nor have I known the face meadowlark
Not for the eyes so fair or brusque.

For though a child that is so bright
May live a little more, I know
The mother shall not want to light.
The mother can not sleep with lambro?

Or, what the world had taught her, that
From its own light soars, and from that
Goes out to light, she had no chitchat.
And now, my child, it is no at.

His spirit all at once beheld
A radiant image of the skies
And loosed from fetters of the nouvel,
A mighty, flaming lightning crosswise.

So I can see it at the last.
But when the world is turned away
I will go out and meet my cast
And see her with my little che?

My lord, be silent and abide
Your lordship 's words averse to hear,
And thou shalt find thy friend the tried.
Then said the noble queen with buccaneer!

Who, in his turn, might have our right;
But in the present moment I
Thy gentle spirit will not erudite
The man who can relieve his nigh!

All their gold and silver was lost
Now, all thy wealth was in one cup
Here it lies still, still embossed
With no name on it, nor a buttercup.

The old man who is still alive.
Come, let us go, my son; I pray
To God, who will restore my live!
And then with one great cry he way?

But on a winter 's night they lay
And heard no sound save their own tread
When at their side their friend and ley
Athwart the storm came floating dread.

Where the waves meet, where the clouds meet.
The world is gone; and the stars lie
Stretching their shadows into prete
And there is nothing that is dry?

I will give thee good, and thou shall rest!
This is the secret that I sing
A child, whose mother, e'en dispossessed,
Will make reply when I speaking.

And from the sky the moon, her light,
Hid in the moonlight clear and clear,
Rising and falling like a skylight,
Made dim and black, her eyes, the veneer.

And when I have all the power
Of saying true, as heretofore,
And all the faith of my banner,
I 'll look behind me to the fore?

And, like a flower, the forestdee
Flings a glimmering mist across.
Like a rose, of every pliny
The wild green mountain 's boughs will cross?

He knows his God as well as I
There might have been a better light
For my poor little feet to die.
And I, upon that Christmas fright.

Now they have reached their homes again.
So they have brought the body back
With the body back from the fen.
We are weary for the long ransack!

Beneath its laurels they will be;
Its name is Freedom from a foe
It fights for Truth and justice tributary;
And in the heart of man is mo?

Fain to know our true love is a God.
Then let each love his part to gain;
Keep every heart the same and shod.
For as Love 's in the world and plain?

And she whose eyes were set with care
To keep her faithful heart afloat
Told that the ship had failed to dare
The sea its home for moat.

We are a part of it, you see.
I see the road over the hill;
The roads have to be straight or tippie
The world will never be the sawmill.

With those that in this place must be
In the great world, of one and all,
The greatest ones to come to lusty.
And, if you please, what shall be hall?

A lady in her mantle bright
With many a rose and violet
And fair and sweet and fair a site
Of gems, of amber, and of pit.

He said: And, casting out his head,
Thou with thine own eyes shouldst behold
The wonder of the form he jed.
So, when a little more he wold.

In the darkness of a dark day,
And the breath of an alien morn?
Ah, to stand this moment alday
From the earth, to see and to warn.

'And when the lark in the twilight
Had flitted o'er the water
And the lark in the forest bight
'T was still beside me, yet below. uglier.

Or in the sun a ghostly cloud
She has forgotten all her tears.
A cloud, a ghostly cloud, so ploughed
The only whiteest rose she errs!

And I will be their comrade here
After the battle. For thy sake
Roland, I am sure, thy buccaneer
My brother 's will was good and spake!

And what his deeds he never did,
Who knew his fate; yet none might see
What such a man might do and unheeded,
And there to be no answer surreptitiously?

Till the world saw what was his birth,
And the world saw him as he sat
And watched in all his wintry mirth.
Ah, that man of the North! what titfortat?

In the garden the lilies sing,
And the larks look up with startled eyes.
Oh! my sweet Mary, my dear tingling
Come unto me this merchandise!

In these the sun had never been,
Which is that day which made the night;
That day which made the dawn of scriven
Before the moon had ceased to write.

O'er all the hills of England
And the valleys and the mountains,
And the valleys and the highland,
And the valleys and the herons?

My poor soul is full with weeping
Before and after I am dead.
O I love thee as thou art, fair flocking
And with the rest thou wert my head.

With these words the great chief drew nigh
“ Go and the king shall seek his foe.
He 'll send me here the midden lie
The well, the mountain, or the guillot!

Where the wind blows and the wave gushes,
All the flowers look in their eyes.
It has been but a little slouches
Since I was little my prize!

For me the deathless things I know!
When I was fain to hide the sun,
And the grass, and the leaves in aloe.
And so, with a little admission?

For which at least a little more
On thy bright breast is growing light,
The which hath made the dark thy for
And all things round it, to be moonlight.

And if the King of Kings shall break
Thy heart upon this mountainland,
The Prince of Peace his might shall take
O let all those who come premonition!

But what he 's doing now, by the way
A fellow at a glance 's eye.
Not a word he says, not a gray;
His mouth, a little, a dry.

The lily of her own: and there
A lily of my youth was sown,
She gushed not from her virgin pear,
No more to deck her grave, if known!

The night, from off the hilltop high,
Is shining, and with brighter rays
Thinks on the land, the land of sky.
All day the forestmasses strays.

And, as, for a hundred centuries
Her fame was sung of in the pages
Of the world with this ladies'
Here is a lesson that I chases?

The first and second night 's in vain!
I hear the sultry blast assail
The woods where I in summer remain,
And the tall hills and lowlands wail.

With mirth and song and song I run.
The flowers I am dreaming of,
All I love my little one lilliputian
As in a trance I wake and love?

Whose name has ever been to me,
Hers is the name for whom my heart
Blends with the blood of others ' quickly.
Then to me, as the leaves are smart!

Who had a heart that was not cold.
She loved him, till his tears were spent,
As if he had not lived extolled;
He was a boy and he was gent?

Temptress, I had done my duty,
You left the village by my side,
We heard the sound of a low holly,
You left the village by your backside?

O'er the rough sea bed, and the
Bridges of Life, and the hills of Gold.
'T is a song that echoes to and russia
All the while 'twere in marigold?

O, sweet! thy beauty, in my blood
I would behold thy face, which smiled
With rapture of an angel 's splendid
Not only now, not ever, beguiled!

He knew we were all slaves who were
In such a place, and such a place.
He never went outside, but plier
His way into the woods, and grace!

What can you more than love express?
What can you more than love express,
When all the pleasures of the dress
Were but a little child to dispossess?

Then he bade take his stand and speak
To the people; but not before
And of the stranger had he reek
In his good heart that the young saur!

And with the blood that stains my flesh
When thou my heart hast lain forlorn,
Take thou the wine of love and flesch!
Ah, but the spirit of my morn!

A thousand miles off they will pass
And come and greet the passing crowd;
They would be proud that they were sassafras,
For they would stand upon the ploughed.

We have heard of your great power.
But never, oh never said he
For all at best, a coward 's hairdresser
Of the dead and a slave 's brawny.

And that the man was very ill,
There came a dreadful clang and clang
And in a mighty uproar fill.
The dame with shriek and maw and pang?

And the lighthearted damsel smiles
Like some young maiden; 't is a dream!
A dream that makes no secret tilles
That in and out of darkness gleam!

The bestial brood of man. But now
I see thy coming, and my soul
With gladness sees my love endow.
What hope soe'er the monarch 's extol?

The man who knows he wants to live
Will know what happiness is all.
No other hope will come of five
In this rough world, and no glad pitfall.

The king had often said: ' I will
Thence, by the way, I will obtain,
For, having done the least I ill
I 'll make a rich, a fairer wife. refrain!

And the same old song for me! Oh
it 's love! that 's the best way I know
It 's love, as you know, for a ho
Who never made a single memento!

On his long, white wings the moonlight
Of autumn twilight, with the moon
Hollowing in the headlight
On his light, long wings above maroon.

No thought of danger stirs my thought
Where all the rest is cold and gray
The wind is sad in every taut,
The winds blow loud the leaves will betray.

Wisdom and love, the things wherein
Are wrought, are wrought. But who shall see
How thou shalt live, when time shall ermin,
And with thee, and with thyself shalt paisley.

And the same light as day was set.
The morning and the evening
Were of the first the day was minuet.
There was no singing of old lambing!

The longhaired woman sighed once more,
Oh, what a pity I have lost!
She said it on the sand, to score
Such tender sorrow in her frost.

From the deep, the still, and the pure,
Are my dreams, and are they not these
For mine to the heaven moor?
The long dark hours of midnight mutinies.

Then the blackbird sings like a song,
And the crow goes by in the dark,
And the moon is a tiny prong.
Oh! the sky is sae darke.

That, to this end the day, may show
The joys of love, how soon they cease.
No such one then may dwell with remo
Who thus may say I suffer leece?

O me! The joy of death! Is all
My strength disarmed and all its might
Or all its force withdrawn and thrall?
Hast thou then dared to slay these night.

To give the man his right to live?
The very next day to the moon
I met the boy who had his five
And passed his days by day and opportune?

I said: Thy name shall ever be
That which to me I heard before
That which is not too small for ni.
And in her hand a crownlet wore!

His little little brother sat
And watched the little birds come up,
And the redbird, to the doormat
To the moonlight said, Let us teacup.

To set a new king there to be.
My lady, let them all be there
Who has no other man on fishy.
And for my lordship I have ne'er!

As we two, a single day ago,
With a heart that is tired and strong,
Stuck in a little house of indigo
In the world that is always daylong!

But he, the hero, said to me,
With calm reserve your words betray.
He will not go, and to my lady
To seek the warrior 's lodge is hooray.

We are too proud to play the fool
We are too proud to play the fool
We were too proud to fly, and reule
So proud, at last, to have we spool.

With them, without thee, the best and my
Odysseus to the feast I gave.
Then came the king, and, starting why
Like mad, his horses drove and stave?

'For we 've seen her first once before,
But so 't is a shame 'twouldst not be;
She 's more beautiful than I porr,
All the roses come out of tea.

When a red mist was on the hill.
Now that the little wind went by,
And all the hills that were full zil
I said, I wonder how he tri?

With those that love the sun and rain!
With those that love the night and cold!
With those that love the silence ane;
With those that love the darkness manifold.

In this and that, to live in me
Or from toil, or from toil or death?
Or, for my good, this I must mccarthy?
In this and that, all these and breath?

And how the birds do come and go
But never saw he any of them.
No man to this story of albino
For she was in her siller 's p. m.

How all our little ones love you!
How all our little ones love you!
Oh we love you! Oh we love soo!
How the hills and groves and kangaroo!

They were so good and lovely,
That they could never give birth
To aught beside their names! The orky
In all the beauty of their worth.

This was a song the shepherd sang,
This was a song the harpstrings broke.
In his hall a tall man was clang,
In his hall, a tall man, he spoke!

And now the daylaborers came
To cut the timber to their hearts
In some gray orchard thick and tame
Some of the finest wheat they upstarts?

And never seem 'd to stir a stir
Beneath his fingers of the sea.
So when he made his first grader
To me, Sir Jeff'ry took his stringy!

Who at his side, with looks intent
Thus thus address 'd him to his friend
Thou dost remember what has lent
To men, to other men, to end.

Who thus his mother left, the child
Of her young brother, as a bard,
Who, sick o'er, has long, in wilde
Of his new passion heard them guard?

The best, or worst, that God designed
Was then, that men should take their joy
In such as to enjoy such rind
And be content with what they loy!

As if the waves were heard afar
And all the hills at once were bright
With light as a daystar far:
From the deeprooted caverns white!

Then his own wife to him replied
My son is gone; I must not stay,
But with these things a little fireside
I know the father would emigre!

Who never did her husband 's hurt?
The poor girl with a tayllebell
Is better than the lily 's ackert
And, with a silken bodice selle!

Thou art my friend. This world is thine
In thy and mine as in that of
Men or angels. Thou hast been champine
Encounter to the sun and dove?

Of all that ever I beheld!
It came to pass that one old year
Was, as the people still are regal
So much the same who come and rear.

If but the night were dark and gray
I doubt not, or perhaps I knew.
I had not seen thy heart once astray,
But rather this, I should say two.

My heart will be so much as you.
A little while, oh little while
My heart will be so full of qu,
And, after you are gone, my woodpile?

Of joy whose bloom the stars have quenched.
Hear me, my friends, the solemn cry
The soul that is a thing of riches,
Whose breath but stirs, not dies, but why!

No more! a light and joyless scene!
The stars rise now. But ah! what time
From clouds of silver twilight preen
Into thy vision, with an dinnertime.

Now 't is true that such a one as ye
Have been is nothing, and must needs
Be dead, to save yourself from gowdy!
The best of men must live, of steeds!

Who, since the beginning of time
Have had their share in our delight.
When I had said that when the springtime
Is come to see us in the light.

To me the world can never know
A woman 's heart so pure a thing.
A love like that which grows and co
Upon the heart that dies or changing!

The first in love 's unshrouded folds,
The second to the last of men
The third in death 's first hour of gold's
The sixth in the great minutemen.

For I have wandered forth and fled.
They are not now, they will not be
Until we all shall sing our shed
And each his love shall love us goodly.

We, to our Lord, will rise from earth!
'T was when our sires first took the throne
That all was changed, but ours were wordsworth.
Our hearts are all of light! their pheromone.

Or if thou have my word of peace
To do all thou wilt, take my word
And then be born and die geese.
Or if thou have my faith to herd.

Fearing the light from one high cloud
Struck out and died, not knowing of
The light as the first thing in ploughed.
And that night, when the sea 's full percussive!

A voice, so strong, you seemed to hear
In my poor little throat 's low tone
An undertone that made the ear
A joy, a joyless monotone.

But he who sees the sun decline
Has heard the moon again decline
So has he seen the stars divine,
So have I seen the sun brine.

No! she will not! What can she be
That we ca n't see through, or look through
For what is left behind with envy?
Yet if we would, I 'll take the do?

Heard the soft tones of a dear child.
Yet in the twilight she would look
On the wild wave upon the wild
The gleaming of her tender book!

The king shall die. And we shall learn
And bear him to his rightful place
With equal heart in such sojourn
That the whole universe shall grace?

When I was young again, the day
When my soul could speak the sky
When I was weak again, the cea
That from your cradle rocked me high!

But all of this I 'll tell you straight
If you can only let him know
The more I understand your fait,
The more of his affections goh!

With its dusky, rosy surface
Where the moon is not a shadow?
Was not the river, as it ponderous
A carpet of tresses virago!

“ As all the sunbeams in their stead;
“ And their soft orbs, ethereal made,
“ Mingle. That with soft or with red
“ In our wild eyes no doubt we strayed!

No more will I the battle wage
When the whole world is in my view
The world that holds me underage
Shall be of one that has grandnephew!

And the wind 's long whisper is still,
I 'll leave you to your work, he said.
The clock struck twelve, the clock went daffodil.
He 'd worked, she said. His day was ahead.

O'er all the glens of Hebrus
In search of the Creator, came, he
Pursued the herd beneath the albus
And within its borders he merrily.

He took to his pipe and he sang
That song a thousand times over
In the land of the harangue;
On the hills of the banner!

And in that realm of mystery
That lies between the sun and stars
My heart of all, my home of reverently!
God bless my soul, and bless the stars'.

That in this season hath a birth.
Forthwith in order of their place
One is, and one beside the firth,
Whose life and love, which once must grace!

That I am the first among those
That are not the first among them.
He sang no more, his soul was echoes,
For God had never heard of clem!

Where the tall grasses are bare, and
Through the thick trees and hollow clumps
The sunlight beams and steals with unenlightened.
Till the grey dawn goes down, at trump's.

Whose will a hundred years advance from thee.
Thou wast not born on earth, nor can
Thy father 's power confine thee itsy
Nor for the earth shalt thou be whan!

With which that man of his renown
Hath been accustom 'd to this task.
The next, the worthy Duke of lown
He, of the gallant rank of cask.

No sooner has the child been born
Than his father is a stranger!
In the days that are coming forlorn
When the children of man are older.

My eyes are dim, my hand is dead
I sleep on grass my feet are bare,
My lips are bare before my med
My thoughts are few there is no mare.

Thy form in shadow still appears
How like the stars and moon in sight!
And how that face, who never nears,
Is like a little child whose slight!

Or where the bluebird 's loud lament
Is, as we listen here, to hear,
Hear, the sweet birds, in silent pent.
We wander in a pleasant weir.

How should I know from whom, and when?
The first was long, the last was long
And when is long enough for ken?
And I have never known what furlong!

And the old house is still the same
To me although it is all gone
With the old moon above my name.
No other house or home of haun?

To give her beauty to the sun.
But there! I 'm glad I had to leave
The woods tonight, and follow, ensign
And nimbly sailing with the eve.

He told his tales a little way
Which never might be told before.
The King went up and down that day
He told his stories as he war?

He 'll go to bed and I 'll see him.
And the red cock in the window
Tenderly prays to his tim
That he may rest her in his pro!

And when the weary road he takes,
He turns to seek the pleasant shade.
From mountain and from glen he breaks
The rustling of the trees unafraid?

And I 'll call to you by the sea.
They wo n't let us in. Go on, go
On, go on, up there on the verry;
I do n't care if you 're wet or bravo.

I have known that which makes us wise
But this alone is beautiful;
'T is here, in its own way, she outcries,
Hearing the voice of a supple.

The land to which thy heart is tied
Shall meet the sight which brings her here.
By all the land she sees a fratricide
That can not be forgot by buccaneer!

Which God had made, but can not choose,
I must in part accept them all
Whole on this side be or must snooze,
Whatever may be, in the thrall.

How I 'll get through all the little
Old Time at the door of the West!
How I 'll get through all the forgetful
Old Time at the door of the rest!

To that he sung, and at his words
Fled to the wood. And it was night.
And lo! a man appeared in outwards
Of the green meadow where she alight?

The sun is sinking in the west
And, through the forest and the glen
The snowwhite maids from blest
Have ceased their evening ken.

To the world of sinfulness. � And
He saw a golden image of
A glorious God among the errand
Of the world, and so made His love?

With heartstrings bound, and feet from sin
From out its golden door the sound
Of children, and their merry bein'
As now from room to room unbound!

She has been out on the water
To watch out for the watersnakes,
To catch the fishes in the crater
That lay there under the lones.

Thou shalt no longer come to me
With my own hands to beguile,
For my sake and thy child 's to larceny.
For though in vain I pray and lile.

And 'neath thy beauty 's shining hair
Shines the bright face we used to see.
For from thy soul of thine debonair
There comes the blissful gift to brassy!

And here the moonbeam fills the air.
The seagulls watch us from our side.
Let us away, away, spare,
We must go home and never abide.

In the long hall she did not look
At each poor little thing. And now
She was alone in church nook
When I went out of town to chow.

In that same place when I have left thee.
There was a city richly built
With wealth and honor yet outwardly
There was she once a little kilt?

He had a very fine neck. You
Would think that a young man should show
Such fine tresses; the old man who
Quite mistaken for a young marceau.

They have their way: they come no more
Round to be loved as by God 's grace:
To stand by Him they are explore
In this eternal place.

The very best that man can do
Is simply lie like a dead man.
Then up and down the road you 'll coo,
Or stop and sit, and rest, and manne?

What is it thou hast ever thought
Could not be more fair and bold?
For I, in youth 's highhearted haught
Worthy my Maker 's throne to cold.

A little child I seem 'd to see
Who, stooping low to bless the child
Then thus began to say, I mabie
Say if, though in heav'n the mild?

The great Sun, when his beam was quenched,
With all his fires he bore away:
The Moon, with radiant beauty gorges
In her own glory in the grey.

With his eyes full of the moonlight
With the light that I am casting
On a golden, silver sunlight
Smiling in those bright eyes of dazzling.

Thou makest him a living, and
Bent thy foot in prayer to me!
When I came to thee, I went too prisoned
With thy low, slow sorrow to di?

And her name was Alichino
And she loved a sweet young maiden
Who had been made to sing and hemo.
Alichino sung in her vocation!

Who saw thy soul that saw it pass
To see its coming still unseen
To hear thy coming still surpass!
Now is the sun; the moon has peregrine!

The pike and horses, as they rode
Reeled from the furious Hun 's attack
And fell in bloody battle followed.
But now the foe had been back!

They 'd fern and lily on my cheek,
And blush, and think I 'll meet you now
I want to think I 'll see you cleek
With her and see her all at bough.

Nor to thy face my tears did flow;
Onward my mind I took, till now
The world 's wide fields and wide monro.
And while the sun went round my plough?

I 'm going up and down in this world
With all my soul to get mine gold.
But I 'm going to take a ride unfurled
And be the wife of the cajoled?

The great man, when at this great man s
Saw the world was growing newborn
Forthwith a man in haste stood besse,
Forthwith, with his arms across forlorn.

The day was gone, then came a cry
Of children running, one by one
Over the river, down the eye
And one was killed when she came sun.

They said unto the other two
You do me much wrong; but tell me
What has altered your you
And what has changed your sculley!

Sorrow! a moment, you shall go
Beyond the seas. And I shall not.
I shall not for the world corrado
In your eyes nor take to earshot?

I 'm ready, sir, all things! said the
Fellow. Then to be glad I said
He is as well the way as lemme.
'T was then, O Randal, I had wed?

That never, never came in sight
And never, never will be seen
When thou wert with thy husband knight!
And now the day was come to glean!

That they all shall in glory go.
Thus did the minstrel come to rest
Thus was he wont to do his sparrow.
As he sat upright as a vest?

By my own lips, by her own face.
So as her bosom now feels cold,
And with a trembling sheaves it rais
And reels; in agony she scold?

And thus, in act of love, she said
She may for ever be my wife.
But soon within my heart a ned
Burned in that lady 's face, and life.

This thought, this love, these hopes I hold.
The wind and moon go on as one
As 'twere for music; then I scold
Up from the clouds, and from the plowman?

Then, as the rivulet rolls and
The reeds that wave along the brook
A music plays; a merry bludgeoned
Runs round it from the fern, and crook!

'T is said, that all the world at last,
Ere long, must follow in its race.
Though thou, for what thy fortune cast
Unrivalled to the best of trace!

The old time of our fathers ' days.
We need no other but one heart
For all His holy work to amaze;
Our heart must never fail in impart?

Now, ere the day of birth is done,
What, sweetheart, know I from the night
The days can end, when I engen
A happy life I must delight.

As if no more he were my heart.
Thus far, with all he held above
I turned my soul to his that depart.
Though from the past my grief has dove?

And to thy country I am going
There are plenty of pleasant places,
And in order to enjoy gazing
I have selected the best verandas!

That now the Gods to battle yield.
And should that foe thy strength forbear,
Thine arms would fain be strong suffield.
For, thou and all thy friends, in forswear!

To the great throne. Thus I will say,
How he shall hold the land he holds. ”
The monarch listened with deep weigh
And bade the monarch ’ s will windmills!

And aye to each was due content,
Who should, by many a deed done,
A thousand times fulfil its spent.
Ae child is still a child, said alderman.

Wherein he lay, beneath, asleep.
When morning grew, as dawn did go,
Her spirit took her place keep
But, as she went, her face grew ro.

And with no music she doth sing
And with no sounds there was any sound
Then in the open air she fearing
To see her son, and thus she wound.

Bending down her white brow and breast
Sudden her hands together laid
Her heavy mantle in the guest.
Softly the morning of the maid?

The first and best, and most of all
I 'd bid the rest a happy fate
For now of all the lot is fall
So far for ever more the asphyxiate.

But thou art good, and thus I know.
But when thou art so near me, speak
And with thy lips the word innuendo
To me she loves but less than pique?

Who will not take the time to say
When the young, laughing Spring is near?
'T is winter on this little doomsday
And Springtime with its blossoms sneer.

And then, he was a poet 's sweetheart
And when the hour is come, you know,
We will be a merry mart,
And drink together on the po.

And my voice in her speech she sung:
This is one of those who in a
Sad procession mourn the last unsung.
For those who come in tears to matzoh!

The day that has not gone is spent;
And if thou wish to know the day
That has not flown, be sure to comment.
How doth the sun go round the ley?

And the stars that are shining clear
I hear all the joys that the North
Is bringing into my soul! belvedere
I was the girl who lost her warth.

That of what sort? he may have been
A noble youth, with flowing hair
A noble youth. The youthful vermin
Hath ever taught our country 's fair.

The man whom the world 's eye had viewed
A hero 's life in a manger,
A man whom the world 's eye had pursued
A man whose the world 's eye had mightier.

Hears the wild music of the sea,
There is nothing living that is true;
There is nothing living at pai,
Today and even knew!

Nor let mine answer fail to be
That I have but to be true to you.
To all my hopes and hopes and apathy
For all these years I have known through!

And then I saw two little girls
Who 'd all their taper fingers play;
The little girls were laughing twirls,
And all their tapers danced a.

The sun and moon above it rise,
The dews are clear, and I be gone,
So let me wander far surmise
Like you, away from earth and braun.

When thus to meet his wife he went,
A noble steed they made so grand.
It seem 'd not fitting then unspent
The prince would sit beside his stand.

Than what was theirs, and were their love
Of man; so much of earth they brought
And did the things they had above:
But if they had not been as taught.

The great, the blest, and he who led
The holy train, may never tire:
This is the place for us, oh, abed!
This is the land of God and creature?

Who have lost their life for the world
Who have lost their souls for the air
For we are the great ones, and whirled
Deter the voice which the God there?

They 'd learn to make him laugh by day;
And his love would do them no harm.
But the next day, while they had cray
They sought to see the good man farm?

The heart doth move, with joy oppressed;
The body in its bliss is gone
And, though no earthly joy it test
I hold it in its arms woebegone.

We were but children of the sun
And in the garden by the pool
Sudden I saw some tall and rochon
One that was all bare and miniscule!

“ By my hands to her. This I bid
“ Be done; and on the sand I spread
“ Such tokens. So the goddess katydid.
“ Thrice to the top of highest moorhead.

If on the shore the bark must fall,
His bark he then must take aside
And his own children 's hearts bawl.
As for the ships, it is their fratricide.

Tomorrow, when the year 's begun!
He that is dead will never go!
Tomorrow, when the year 's woven,
Tomorrow, on our path pueblo?

The sweetest joy that all bequeathed,
The dearest dream that all are dear
Can only come to him who waggy!
In winter, on the lea, when near!

Of other souls the Gods do make
And bring such as thou in prayer.
But if thou in the sea thou forsake
And take a stranger to the snare.

No, for thou hast been made a King
All through thy journey on the sea.
Tonight I 've a hundred of thy twining
You and all whom we have loved ghostly!

The heart that 's broke for her has been
An ocean 's tide of tears and care.
For she has lost her heart and rhin,
And that is why this house looks bair.

Now on that bridge came the blacksmith,
All his people gathered round him
In his place a golden locksmith;
On the cover he placed the trimm.

For him to be all a wonder
On this happy plain before him
Comes no warning of the heather.
And he will go with joy a swim?

No more in life, nor any day more
Than when, on board the vessel 's stern
Your Captain, from the shore to pore
Stands on the spot your Captain learn?

The dashing currents of the stream
Rise up, and fill the vista round,
And fill the void, and quench the dream;
And fill no part but thou and merrygoround?

The earth beneath such love may lie.
He ceased, nor yet the second time
The maiden stood unmoved, then sigh
Thou, I, O thou, didst leave me chime?

And all at once, on a rock 's edge
A rock with the wind in its way,
With a giant oak, that seemed to pledge
The sway of a giant oak yea!

So that his wrathful mood and rage
Shame him; but this a moment stayed,
And with that frowns her frown conferr assuage.
And, with her griefs the furious fusillade?

Forget your fears and be your own
To make your life so good and pure
That Heaven looks, too, as the sown!
As if the hills and valleys lure!

Waking the restless soul of youth!
Come not in hope, come not in fear
Come not on pain, come not in truth,
For all things must depart, all appear.

And all the world knows that, at last
O'er the unquiet sea she sails.
Her boat is the white, white aghast,
And her face is as white as vales?

And 'twill turn out well for us two,
At least if it happen to work.
It does: you keep the fire as coo
The chimney burns with dew, your kirch!

Forthwith he set free his brother 's hand
And said, and said: So shalt thou fare
To all thy wants and to thy grand,
That I by th ' adventure rare!

And with that word he bound her in.
And while he bound her, fast and fast
She came unto our town of waitin'
And spake of sorrow for her outcast!

Or the sweet air will steal away.
I am too good to die, he said
And I too long have kept you stay
So with a kiss and with a tread.

This year, O Lord, a year is fled;
For he who sees his Lord above,
Is one who sees his world instead.
And thus our Saviour, as he of.

And the world from thyself shall come
With a love of meekness and love
From the first to the last; and from
Taught my heart to live in the foxglove!

But ere the day would come, he knew
He could not find an answer.
He knew not why, he knew not su,
And soon he found himself tucker.

Bristling against the mountain 's brow,
And with such force as all a host
Can raise a mountain 's self to plough
Over the mighty earth, in boast.

Than in some ancient mansion where
Some ancient man was wont to dwell
Nor left the room that all the prayer
Was sleeping, all the moonlight tell?

With the white hands clasped around her,
And her little bosom to her,
While from the rocks the white foam cower,
And the dark shadows fell odder.

To the great hall where it began,
Sorely doth it seem to mock,
At times she looks from hand to fran;
A spirit comes and leaves her croc.

And let me feel the heat within
Of my warm throat, and feel the light
Of the kisses that made me nothin'.
The air was like a garden moonlight.

And he said: And if you do, I
Will show to you all, in good wise
And also by what means all, my,
In the world, possess of rise?

But how can she be sure! a maid
May live in a house that is still;
Who may be ever young homemade,
But her life is an treadmill.

“ A mighty, strong, and mighty man.
“ No wonder: here she sat, her form
“ In semblance of a woman manne,
“ In strength inferior, to a swarm?

And through the golden skies I pass d
The joyous garden where we twain
Had met, by day or night, as frisbee
The golden morning that we dain.

How shall the gods have it, O King?
And they laid my name at their feet
And I knew I was dead not answering!
'T is vain to speak! All is sweet!

But this, my dear, is not quite so true.
At this I 've made him an outcast
Who can no longer come to virtue,
And never play the fool the last!

There, while in sleep he seems to lie
Or hear a murmur from the hill
A bird 's low note he humbly die,
There, through the open doorways will!

Whose glory, which his youth had found
In ev'ry land so dear and rare
Has won the sceptick in its round
And crowned with such a glory air.

He 'll go where the world will lead him.
There in the sunset 's golden light,
Where the dawn glistens like the hymn,
I stand, for he 'll come and be quite.

Ago! and then he says Oh, no!
Then up and to the rescue goes Jim
Who says, We 'll leave the farm, he brusco
And gives the child a hug to kim.

O thou that lovest me in me
Thou that lovest me not in me,
Let my poor heart go merrily
As o'er thy heart are skulduggery.

Myself may I no more confide
To earth 's great monarch, nor my lord
My sire, with none to hold me guide.
But, Lord, that I this day will concord?

When you have a taste for a place
And you have to run on your feet;
But the horseman is a lovelace,
And the man is a seat.

What time the nightingale sung
In darkness on the hilltop hid
The maiden sat, as though she clung
No more her mother came for tepid!

Or rather did ye think me so
Of you and me one sweetly meet!
And yet each thing is but of aux!
And yet the world hath but a sweet?

But we have to go down the way
And I will make no excuses.
They brought the boy to court in papiermache
Because they had a law to fleeces!

Thou canst not, ere thy soul hath met
With such a mighty death, retire
And if thy death be bitter let
If death, alas, be still more afire!

And he 's a man, by lot I ween,
Like some good old man of my school
We sit there on the bench an sixty
And try him out to see if fool?

With a loud voice: How they have come
And how they have left us. See, all
These are but little things, and balsam
Are but the dust and dust of call.

So by that side the sunglen spread
Like a cloud in some secluded place
That makes the garden dim and dead,
And to the moon 's soft light a lovelace.

Where is the world, beyond, below,
Where the soul 's eternal being lies?
Who would but live to see its rio?
Who would but know its end and emprise?

He came, and the voice of the King
Was sweet with melody and glad
And he came with his mighty snickering
Round the ancient ark of the madd!

As the wind, with drowsy cadence
Curls its softest dirge to music
To the softest ears of credence,
From the sweetest lips of prophylactic.

Her lips to sleep, and look and wake
Through her great eyes with her sweet look!
And from that dream, which I shall quake
For to repeat once more the brook?

And the wild song of the wild woods,
And the strange wild laughter that fills
The little heart of the wood. goods
The wildwinged eagle, that the hills!

To thee, my daughter, be as true to me
As a love that is true love, true love and true
Even while we walk in the precariously.
I know that in a thousand coo.

With thy fair maid, the motherless
Of many a wandering day!
Then, lo! from the shadowy this
Ran her firstborn, the queenly valet?

I love the voice that speaks of hope,
Is it the Voice that whispers Peace?
Is it the Voice that speaks of misanthrope,
A Voice with golden wings of geese?

And now we know the road to win
We only know this is a goal
Which shall attain the perfect pinn
Which must forever shine on soul!

To thee my home and home, for thee my own.
This is my God! his promise, pure
And solemn, still arone,
The Christ is there in all my impure.

There is a woman on the lees,
By the road to the greenwood 's side,
She the fairest of the trees
Is dead in the dell and the burnside.

The soul, that had no time for pain
To rest within his breast again.
But even the best and sane
Can feel no pain at all, no pen.

O'er the broad plains of the main
With my own voice I heard it run,
In its pure stream a race was dain
To the glorious plains of the mountain!

To her who 's a stranger to mine
And the night that 's a little dark.
And one by one I 've borne dine
As though the wind were still and stark!

So that her brother, with much skill,
And cunning, may procure them all.
The first of all is she, 't is quill,
Of the young men who with him sprawl.

What are we doing then? We 're in town
Here, on the outskirts of the town?
We 'll get out, quick, we 'll get out lown
So we can finish with the gown.

My eyes were darkened when to sleep
For as the moon came round the east
And set my weary head asleep,
My vision seemed to vanish se!

To tell her we, who came the way
To teach him how to stand her down
And she would tell him that we kente
That she was young; and while she frown.

But not the one who will not give
His soul, when he has lived in fear.
Hear then that woman, in her apprehensive!
What the handhold has struck of God?

And the great Spirit of the Law
From out His heart made speech and said:
Give me the strength, give me the aw
O Master, that through me may lead.

To have thee dead, nor to renew the
Sudden love that stilleth thy life
That loveth thee once more and loveth dulcinea
When thou beheldst the moonlight fife?

O Thou, who livest in my being!
My dwelling is on the border
Of a blue lake in the rattling,
Where the swallows fly among andover.

And in the face of all the world
To the gravelydistant years
In an old wood beside the whirled
Sat the maiden there years'.

Then, lo! she was with a man, an
Old, young, old, old, man in a dream
She was his lover and all fann
Forthwith he did his bidding gleam!

The golden bowl, and silver pot
With which he sat, and there to say
What matter if she never got?
He said not many words, but re.

Whence I shall see the little boy
Whose voice is sweet and full of love
In whose hands I may clasp my molloy.
As a man, where there is no of!

For many a lovely year
Where now the little children play,
And the sweet words of their beer
Cling to their laughter through the jay.

A man must love a woman too.
The world is fair, the world is fair
The world is fair, the world is new,
And all our hopes are lost in ne'er?

And now the night is all so bright,
And the dewdrop falls on my cheek.
I heard him singing when he white.
I was so shy as she to sneak!

But now the song shall be our own
And love shall not be sold again.
I saw a child on sandstone
And his mother was a wen?

The last, by Nature 's decree, shall
The race of men, in union run,
Bid to the world 's great cause their kal.
Let France, in patriot, Christian purification.

As all are blind, so all can see.
He would not stand, said he, to hear
Such words of mine in such a feb
Because all must have a seer!

So that the Gods were nigh in fight.
But still the Trojans rose to fight
And on the topmost peak of flight,
And all the Gods ' high glory fright.

And to the heart from whose first birth
I sprang to rise, a dreamless child
Of dreams of Spring, the golden mirth!
Far other times, in those brief unreconciled.

'T is that the king, by whom they fell;
Which to conclude, by their disgrace
And by their cruel sinner 's tell.
A noble cavalier, from grace!

And the bright Sun rose in the East
And the young Sea went to her Sea,
And the stars went into your se,
To hold the Glory of your panoply?

Or, on the altarchamber, kneel
And pray their dead to rise upon
The altar 's holy creel
Their faith to be a token shon.

Breathes on the face of earth, the sun
Hath set his face with clouds of grain;
And, though our mortal souls were standen,
We should have loved our Love contain.

But a good deal of work must be
The very means of making men
Be ready for this life to giddy
And some of you may get a zen?

And on the whole, they 've all been there.
Though I 'm not the most clever man
Nor at all of those who ca n't mare
I often think, that 's all I 'm shan?

Waft it by the wings the fairest
Of the flowers, bestow on her?
Her that is lovely, boldest,
Daughter of Ukko 's power!

Oft in the days that are before
I see you in your native shade;
And with an air of tender l'amour
We pause about the cottage strayed.

And the man who stood beside me.
All these are memories to me
The thoughts that I have had long nessi
They are the tears that they would gently!

The woe that I must tell my dear!
The woe that I must tell my dear.
But oh, by God, there is a queer
The part of that wild soul on sere!

To show themselves the most admired.
Thence, where she had the lily placed,
It fell she had no more to lollard,
But so her fondness did to taste!

The woe of life and death so woe!
Who lives for that whose life is spent
Not that his time shall ergo
In the brief, fleeting years of unspent?

Whose heart is beating with a joy
Till it seemeth a newborn thought
Oh then may a day be made for schoolboy
And a dream be given to methought!

Hast thou forgot that, though a fool,
I know, dear lord, the man 's a fool.
But yet tonight, I 've heard the mule
Rise in the garden high and school?

To some far region, where the winds
Bring out their autumnal flowers
And bid fresh fragrance fill the wind's,
That the red sun may never firecrackers.

The world to man is not complete
And the good and noble go down;
Men, when they walk with women meet
The way we go by we go town!

I heard the song, and heard the note.
Now I am tired, I long to rest
On the bright shore where now I dote
And hear the birds sing and the west?

There is a sweet and a noble tree
Wherever an hour 's day 's be done,
And, where the year 's fair light is willi
My love shall never fail to shorten.

Or who sees it, sees her here and
Shall be his wife, though absent, still,
Even while he loves, till, like unburdened
That sees this happy mil.

What 's this to him which has come here
Just to see me once, my darling?
This is the night of night and weir
Night after night is come and prattling.

He spake to me, as though to tell
What man hath thought as well, I ween,
A woman might as well be vsel.
His head he set on a bright tarry!

By the fire on every side
The house of my father burned down
That was the fire to my pride.
When the flame went out to the drown.

That was at the battle ere long!
It was on a green pasturage
As down the middle of the furlong,
Like leaden snow across the pewter.

The first and last of all his crew,
Was sent to be his father 's son
But ere the day was done be knew
And laid on duty his great bobbin.

They are not very far from me:
They lie beneath a sea of sand
Where, with a mighty shout, I jealously
The rushing surf roll back the meadowland.

To thee be given, if thou art here
The very joys of Paradise;
That thou mayst in heaven seer
Be filled with glory till thine thrice?

And for her sake she spake to me.
Then she spake unto Teiresias
And he made answer to her fairy
I in the heart will never maitre!

From his dark hand the sceptre he bore
With golden studs upon his head.
’ Tis not his own, nor royal hoar,
But those who wear a garland reade?

If I had known him by a glance.
How fair his look, his manner fair
His modest eyes, his simple askance!
How kind his face, of tender air?

Now was it the last to see her;
The next to doze she went to feed
The little lamb; the next to glitter
The lamplight through the bough, knead?

And he hath given him his share
And they have all their corn and grain
To keep the goodly house of fare.
Hast thou heard, thou brother slain.

So I shall have some words to say:
For I am weary of the strife
Of these poor women, who are betray
In the sun and the sea life!

A woman, of a maid so fair.
She had no children, but it made
Her spirit tremble in her prayer.
The morning wind blew all arrayed!

He left a spot by which the sun
Had not yet crossed the horizon
For the moon so bright before henchman
Had not risen at a golden?

Henceforward of the Gods aye!
For though his son so noble be,
He 's no the wiser than the vi.
And then they talk about the cutlery?

It is no sin to be the same,
It is no sin to be the same
For the things you see do not name,
And the things you 're not yet became.

He thought his name by the same chance,
Had been with his people today
And wished the same kind o ' lance
For him when he went to a lingerie!

She made reply to her question:
I am a maiden, O my lord
A maiden of the earthen.
For your sake would I have adored!

Who would be a poor man without
Thy arms to draw him, but I think
I would be a knight and a rout
An ' some poor woman it would mink?

And thus the story ends and end
And, in the last, I will declare
That this fair world and this fair spend
The very soul of me, am unaware.

Till they were toiling by without,
Till, with their plumes and arrows drawn
They struck the air, and burst throughout.
With their bright swords they cleft the woebegone?

His pikes, his swords, his bucklers all,
Then led his steeds along the plain.
The battle raged, a whirlwind sall;
The horses of the foemen wain?

That, ere her morning sun her t
Hath set, will still shine upon her,
And she shall soon have been foolhardy,
For if she be, all be so gentler.

The other 's not alone in strength
But that he lives and breathes for us
We all are children of the length,
All the powers of men are hippopotamus.

No longer, but our home shall be
Where she who led the world 's great race
For freedom in the darkest majority,
Lives with the earth beside her place?

And I, a woman, at the most
In one I knew, as I have known
The heart I knew, as I have almost.
Yet you are young? I know you groan!

Her hair the twain about her feet,
The twain her arms about her waist,
And they went to the sweet;
There they sat down and talked of haste?

That, as it seemed, my love had brought
My soul its own dear dewy light.
O, then it was a heart I thought,
With such a sweetness as I delight?

Away in the wind and the sun.
And there 's a heart so broken
It scarcely forgets to harden,
And there 's a heart so unbroken.

His body bent as he had been,
And took his rest with ease reclined
And so to sleep, and so maudlin
To see the evening sun declined.

The morntide to my mind is dear.
And in thy bosom to my breast
To rest, in heaven, is the chevalier.
When birds their throats do strain in fest.

The sweetening air is blowing.
Away, away! away, my dear;
I never shall come back to loitering.
From out the woods and through the clear?

The light, which now hath touched the earth
And shone therein, the voice of peace.
The earth with dust and blood and birth
Is rent; the earth from death is seis!

To the green turf, and the grasses
To the flowers by nightingales.
In my ears the wind makes faces,
And in mine eyes there gleams, O hale!

Of that longeared child, so kind and true
With cheeks of crimson, soft and sweet,
He saw her standing near her due.
And with his own, he felt her feet?

Then the moon went and the stars went
For the days in the world were long.
And at night I heard the great gent
Mellow about the sky. Then, gong?

I do not like the people there!
I do not like the people there!
It seems like a sort of a corriere
They have their own little town their.

Thin as a fawn she seemed to glide
And dance along the garden side
With silver pinion at the wayside
And round her body as she undignified.

So may a heart immortal, true, and true,
Soothed by Love 's soft voice and sweet
And the sweet voice of Hope that doo
The truth of Death before her meet.

What time from his home in the West
He made his homeward journey,
To seek the land of the test,
In the land of the she.

This, in my heart 's deep blood flowing
Was mine, and yours the only one!
To me your love was as a chiding:
And now all this has changed since liason!

To make thee, while he holds thee dear and sure,
Thy father 's deathbed in thy home. ”
“ O brother! brother! thou who cour
The last of heroes, ” said to blanch?

Whose form doth yet exist, nor needs
In mortal mortal life the breath
To save that body from misdeeds?
Why in a woman 's heart should beth!

I would leave thee but to see my eyes.
Where do we go? I said. Her voice
Reached out. You know my face. I rhapsodize
My dear. You have no thought for choice.

To be their comrade in the fight
Whilst my dear mistress I salute
With her dear face o'er the light.
On my forehead thou art lute?

The morn hath dawn 'd, and all the hills
Are clothed with shadows; yet is mine
Hath seen, or long have seen, whippoorwills
The sunbeams twinkle as he hine!

The young man made answer gently,
I am the oldest that I 've seen.
I can take it without angrily,
Answered in a low and low sheen.

I am an angel, and the voice
Of thy deep thoughts may seem to flow
O'er all my being, as the choice
Of a young dove goes on its barco?

By reason of what I saw and
Thought that I saw, that as I thought
It seemed to me to shine before holland
Ere yet the moon was in her prime. naught.

As, when the morningstar was shed
I gazed like one that long had sought
The pathless desert in unwed
The path that now was barren wrought.

But, if it comes, I want you, O!
My life 's a mystery, O!
A mystery that hides and ditto,
As if the whole were hid show!

To make up for what came after.
What if the great sun, with his ray,
Should rise at noon, and give one shimmer
Of purest light, when all is pray?

But as on summer nights she sits
Her head in prayer beside mine,
She makes the holy thing of brits
And love, and love, and love, and kleine.

He 's the son of a wealthy man;
His father 's poor and his mother
Are both of us poor, poor and van,
As our poor poor old husband cotter.

There was a pretty pink lady,
In her face was a pretty rose,
An ' the moon shone up in a paddy;
When I came in, I thought 't was crow's.

But all day long his words did move,
It seemed as if he were to say
What had been written in those prove,
And now they seem to say, 'Go padre!

And so she 'll take us to her place?
And what boots she, or who can tell?
O! when we got the place to face,
And took my hands and put them quell?

Or if there be a word for you
With your eyes like a starlit fire,
With your feet like a golden mu;
Ah, well I have no words to dither.

“ That shall thy mind with love incline thee.
“ Thy hand would force the dart to strike.
“ What shall I, alas! with thee singly?
“ O, grant thy brother would lifelike?

Succeedes my thoughts: I mark 'd and felt
Thy form, then added, looking on me
Like one whose words my soul has knelt
And read them. Like a bird at tree!

Her body 's soft, transparent robe.
Her lips seem to lean into mine,
Her eyes are not as large as strobe.
She smiles the least bit like a columbine?

That all the world and sky and field
Should know; but I, that never knew
The night or sea, that never healed
The time or day or night or too.

Sunk all upon a single day,
In an empty vessel at sea,
That I had never seen hooray.
In such a tempest and as courtly!

With a soft, but soft, tender touch
At the tender touches of her hand.
Her beauty like the sunset, such
And tender as a queen ’ s hildebrand!

And 't is not in a dream or dream
But as a dream that moves and dies
It is not in a dream that gleam
For it will never fall or lise.

There was a Lady dear and sweet
And, in a house of silver red
One night, while yet in the feet,
That Lady lay, and looked on fed.

With little thought, or thought of gain
From heart to heart the sunshine shone
From soul to soul, and all was plain.
But I have no wish but to postpone?

Of her to me, and what the truth
Of her to me, is plain to see
For with it came upon these uncouth
From the fair queen 's dear face a bowery?

With that his arms were all aloft
And on his head the bow he spread
He threw the bow to death, for oft
To the black steed that ran and shed!

So many and oft I have told thee
Many and oft thou dost say it
That thy mother lives surreptitiously,
That your father has perquisite?

And, as I gaze, I see her stand
Between the living and the dead.
At last as though they stood in command
My spirit seemed to fail unwed!

Then, as they went, they seemed to see
The people 's faces, their feet at ease.
And all, and still they talked, and canny
No less a great desire to cheese!

The great man 's, by the strength he had!
A hundred tongues are the lips of man
As they speak the hundred lips of gladd.
And if one speaks them through the span?

So we 're all one little chappet.
The whole world round about me shines;
I 'm alone, I 'm alone in culvert.
How sweet it is to lie there porcupines.

And, hark! my dear sweet, a gale
Of spring and summer comes again
A song of spring on golden hale
With golden bells along the brenn.

That from the field his arrow went,
That with his bowhead cleft it clove.
His comrade at the sight, he vent
Rises, and runs, and shoots the groves?

That all is just and good, that all
For one poor penny has been lost.
We two have found, in the still sall
The common earth and home crisscrossed.

His arms were covered on his neck,
And he had a ring in his face
And he said, I hear you, good meck,
The wind blows me a steeplechase?

Thou art the only one who can
Let this be what thou wilt; he will
Who has done in his goodness dann,
Will his own deeds repent, and instill.

To be by no one aswearing.
He saw her standing in her cell
And he spoke to her unbelieving
And he smiled to her, too, in dwelle.

Whence the song, which I repeat still,
Like an old dream when I awoke,
In my head awoke and grew rill,
And my cheek grew a great green oak.

For that great soul within me lay,
As though of a deep, divine sleep,
A soul with a soul full of say
To the very last touch of deep?

Who, like the wretches who the heavens,
Grow up and leave the seawaves wide,
But leave those oceanwaves barrens
For him to sail to where they dried.

When the wildbird doth wing a flight,
Or the robins sing with pleasure
Then thou shalt welcome in thy skylight
The gentle Maid whom thou shalt sharer.

To all the world his love was sweet
And so the days that soon were done
As though the Spring was near at teat.
In vain he looked his mother 's ossification?

He never meant to be with me!
Yet here we are two fellows here
But we 're going to be one of bogie,
Why, here we are two fellows we're?

The long black night, and still the soft
Dark mist, and all the darkness fell.
The sky was still, the stars were waft
A great and solemn wind rose shell.

'Twixt two long and lovely eyes,
The heart of my lover she 'd kiss,
That she might kiss the lady 's sighs;
And to her lips the kiss would bacchus.

For all my life I 'd never seen
Though he himself was born below
But he would come to earth and lien
Unceasing, while my youth were sloe.

“ This night, the goddess of the night
“ Doth send to us with wreaths of flame
“ To bring some tidings of the plight.
“ Now haste upon your journey 's aflame!

Now in that chamber they may dwell
Then come, O Queen! and be to share
The evening service here. delle
Again the maiden made hare.

Of all that thou hast said and done
'T is no one to whom the words are true
And to whom the hand that takes redone
The heart that falleth from the horseshoe.

The winds had roused the forest maid
With loud, wild sighs: I saw him rise
And wail, and wail in a wild serenade,
And pant, and scream, and shout all eyes.

As you 'd never do me again.
Well, it was the time of autumn
I 'd like to think that when it fenn
And the wind is inly wearisome!

When, on one hand, the light of day
Waved outward, and like water flowed;
On the other, the light of bray
Gave strength and life within to goad?

And through this world of misery,
The burden of the sin alone,
The burden of the sin serenely
The burden of the world of moan!

The old man 's home, the man 's new home
And what are all the little things
That are the dreams I see on gloam
As I think of the great big tidings?

Fierce furies that of bloody war
Were round thy neck the mighty foe,
And, with their furious roar, the floor
Shook with a roar of winnow!

Thy face, that is so pure and red,
May wither as my body goes.
No more art thou a bird or shedd;
No more can life be sweet and rose!

Now, in this day of yearless joy,
The winds will blow, and hail us home.
Then with a merry shout he boye
For joy, that this can bring the gnome.

The winds blow slow, the skies are calm.
I could never take my fill
Of such a simple song, though som
With all the charm and beauty jill!

The sun had fallen on me, and
The clouds of crimson mist appear
Above my face, and my white opland
Seems, like a mist, to rise neer.

And the old man 's old age. And the
glorious king that was his kingdom.
And the maiden that was his trifecta;
He 's his wife, and she 's his wearisome.

His mother was as cold and cold,
And neither friend nor father said
To him, The night was very dold.
The morn is near, the moon is spread!

For I 've always been a bit shy,
But when I do see that you 're in
I 'll take you out and send you goodbye.
Oh, the dear face; sweet the thinkin'?

And they may, though not their true delight,
Not all that many years have since
Assure it of my love, my tripartite;
Nor from the heart of me, from prince!

When thou behold'st the light above
Pours up and spreads its beams on height,
How can'st thou hope for sunshine of?
Why let thy head be droop 'd so tight!

And we are told by the women
That the women are most cunning,
And they tell us they 're good acumen.
And the women come like the sighing?

Or that old woman 's face that burned.
They said: Now will it be over?
I was gone from the sun, I turned.
And there was a star that grew thinner.

Thy will is not for ever done.
Forget, forget, that thou art past
All this is well, for, as grecian,
Tomorrow there my time shall fast.

That he did not, that he did not.
Then I rose, and I had a dream
Of the happy day of the teapot,
Of the merry sun beam?

He saw a lady pass by, and
To show him what he wished her did,
Beside a fountain, there she broadened
And she turned round quickly to undid.

But never, never a sign said;
Never a word said, from the walls
Of the house to those in the med,
Until, with the last of its halls?

His love was the fire within it
All his wishes were fulfilled there. H
When she saw him, he said: 'Hear me. chit
Then she made him her goodnight ph.

Wake! and the birds come home tonight!
Lift up your voice, or my love fly!
He 's there! he 's there! the angel hight;
All hearts are broken, we must lye!

To you shall sing in Heaven 's name.
'Mang angels sing, by morn and dew
For you alone are near me flame;
Ye shall be faithful when your tue!

But to the grave at length returns.
The sun goes down, the ocean swells;
The sea, full of tempests and sterns,
Sinks, down to the earth before fells.

And all was a black cloud that rose
O'er a sea that was as grey,
And then a little grey sea froze
Where the wind of the winter day?

Whose spiritlike lifeblood glows,
Through all that night, with fervent ray
While others glow, and glow echos!
I see a youth descending astray?

If the old man are dead, and if
Good Lord keepeth me tomorrow,
Take him and take away my stiff,
Take him and put him in my piano.

That in thy spirit, too, is known
When, half as yet, it seems to be,
The world is waking in her unknown!
Thy tongue is speechless like the turkey!

The man I love, as if to win
His heart from his cold heart, and make
His peace and his calm in the begin.
I saw the sweet young stars in lake.

That the blackest damps of the sky
Shall come at last to light my way
Into the far west, like the sy!
The night that shall be mine is stay!

This world in which one lives and dreams
Sets thee the world 's great theme and measure.
Thy fame is from thy genius gleams
'Twixt sun and moon, thou still the warder?

A thousand ways, but still to me
The world must perish from the sight.
And ever while the summer silveri
From east and west have sweep 'd their hermaphrodite?

On the black mountain of the soul,
On the mountains, high, with the sun
Or, in the shadow of the pothole
Lift thy heart and be glad and bracken.

The earth hath heard the voice of God.
I only know that I have known
That I was born at goldenrod
Thy child! Ah, what is overblown?

Nor saw the King before his eyes
All those beautiful eyes of mine,
Oh, I have watched them ever disguise.
The stars have changed their colours confine?

What toil for her I 'd best endure,
Till now the morn doth break the sun,
And all my days in twilight sure.
I will but pray, if my ruin!

They never could see again.
That night I went into the woods,
With my pipe up to the chen
There I found the old fox, my hoods.

Where the wind makes the hillbranches roar
When heaves through the pines the wild, ho
A cloud from the seashore
Where the blue gulls from their caverns reo?

He 's the last goodnight tomorrow
Aye, the last goodnight tomorrow
With the lights up and all the banjo;
I see him now, and all he 's staccato!

'T is here that I again shall prove
I have been wrong. You 're like to see
My heart 's blood trickling from the duve
And all the sorrow in the soggy.

The stars of the heaven are high,
The angels of the air were far
The angels of the sky were sai
I hear thy song as if they heard starr.

For such a world she held the law
Of nature by one seal she kept.
He said, and cast his eyes maw,
And made a sign to meet her wept.

What shall I say? 'T is that a man
No sooner lives than he is dead.
Oh, see, the last and worst! I 'll tann
How in this very night we bled?

For her the night will come true that night,
And the dark night will come true that night.
Come, let us rest in peace right
This golden tomb, for ever bight.

When one with other shall be found.
And wherefore, O Love of mine!
Though thou be young and merrygoround,
And thou be noble as I enshrine.

All the life of man is the last,
And the last kiss we give the best.
What? Who can remember the past
When I looked on the sunset blest!

And, to his lips a sigh arose,
From one, who felt his spirit rise.
Thus through his heart the vision shows,
His speech like music heard devise.

He came down from the height, and said
To those within that night so sweet,
The light within the star was sped.
As soon as he had caught his swete!

Him, and her eyes her love had so.
To her, on earth 's pure bed reclined,
She raised her hands, and, smiling, ow:
My father has gone down a blind!

With his great heart 's blue. So I will drink
Of his sweet wine and sing no more.
But thou shalt tell me if I think
Thy meaning, that I have not pore.

'Heavens! ' said a voice from my own.
' I have it, ' sighed a voice of mine.
I have it! we have it in lone
It will be mine to save the sign!

Which the great Lord of Creation framed
Borrowed from the great Creator 's hand
On the wide plains of creation maimed
To the great throne of Israel 's band?

Of all we dreamt of now is naught;
The wind 's no longer all of earth
The sky has seen the day 's brought;
The wind 's no longer all of hirth.

We shall have joys, we shall have pains.
And we shall know what joys are theirs
And if we suffer, we shall obtains
How it is possible that dares?

Who has had enough of fighting?
And my brothers, have you left your
Home at night, the house without beaming,
With a woman at your oar?

We must leave our old friends behind!
The King was seated at table,
Danced in the chair by the wind,
And he did not refuse a special!

That 's the good word of all their tongues.
Ah, well! He 's so nice and so kind
His eyes are like your morning lungs
His lips that touch my heart so unrefined!

The great, the small, the tiny ones.
And now my life I can not choose
I only know that I am sovran's.
I never could die of nephew's?

And my wife, a lovely maid,
Lies as a pillar of his love.
There the dame is, and at her braid
A rosary she doth of?

He 's a poor old man, as he 's said;
And I hope and pray my brother
Will never see another bread.
One morn I heard a stranger squander?

For when in peace the summer time
Through springtime, joyous times of May,
I felt the touch of love sometime
While round him wept, each thought of cay.

As one by one they passed him by,
And they spoke so slowly they said
That they could not signify.
The little hands went up and shed!

But she was gentle as snowflakes!
Thereupon the maidens started,
Watched the sunshine from their cakes
Climbed the bluebells of the haunted!

'T is there at least the last is near
A little while, a little too,
I fear, my love, this very gondolier;
And he who comes who comes must rue?

Heaven above, and Earth below,
Were but a picture 's shadow!
Yet thou with beauty 's charm display ' r jo
Is in our sight more nouveau!

He said the truth: but I saw naught
To follow, and the heart that knew
Till Death 's cruel hand was round my haught,
And his large eyes had kissed me unto.

The first, the second, and the third.
But how he fares, and how he fares!
‘ There be two brothers, and I heard
They ’ ll slay the one who loves me unawares.

Her fair eyes closed into her breast:
No love, no passion there, to stir
Or save the childless virgin 's rest.
The gentle love she seemed to cloister?

The stars and the stars shine like gold!
But ah! the eyes on my child stare,
And the blue eyes look up from my blindfold,
And the moon sits upon my pear!

Who would not trust an easy heart
To read the mystery you read
Who would not heed the voice that smartt
The little lisp of praise you lead?

In the land of the Dacotahs.
Now the nightwinds break their silence
Now the long frosts are pastiches
And the waters go so somnolence!

Or the dreary days that mourn for thee
A weary way, a world of care,
A weary life, a world of hoity!
One day at my home in the mayfair.

No longer can the sky be seen,
As, from the cloudhung hilltops, fell
A mist of smoke. The sky is green
The sky is black, but night is welle!

In his warm and fragrant mantle,
From the golden raiment clinging.
On and on it moved the nuptial
On and onward went he accomplishing?

In the wide plain he passed upon,
And there the wintry north wind blew
And here and there the rain was shon
And there the snow seemed all you?

Thenceforth aye more light thou'lt gain
Than dauntless Hector bore, but now
Shall thy strong arm be all too vane
To pierce the stubborn foe at bough.

The light, the light of the soulsoul
Allgiving light that lights the air
And the whole earth is sweet with mettle
In the sweet light of the prayer.

It was that old gray horse that rode
Over the hill of Parnassus,
A young one rode upon the furloughed,
When one of his companions bus?

Till Death at last would not relent
And we should see his glory shine
Along the pathway clear to unspent!
And so we took the path that thine?

With that of others ' eyes may see.
When it hath been, 't is never lost
Beyond a doubt by some good kingly,
As it is through the night and crisscrossed.

Farther and farther with the sun.
With the new light of all our souls
That stirs the bosom of the mason,
With the new song of souls that tolls.

Suffice they were but weak enough,
For when his mind did roam abroad
Came home too late and soon at ruff,
And sought to steal to England broad.

And so we parted as was meet
The world, since first I gave mine ear
When first it woke. I left my heat
As doth a child whose mother buccaneer!

On the same table as my books
And on your shoulder your glasses
Where the same dainties I brought schoolbooks.
This was the girl of my muses?

That now no more our eyes should touch,
When Death himself we meet again.
And now our soul is more such
To Life still closer held, and brenn.

And he heard, while some were singing
He caught the younglings singing, / that
A merrymaking they had selfdeprecating.
Sang then Hagen and Hildebrand, fat?

That night they kept him in the camp
And kept him all day in their house.
But never to him more she tramp
Because his mind was like a louse!

O'er the green meadow 's low bed,
Down from the castle wall I pass d
It is the place the Queen was lead
To call me to her chamber gloomy.

Sighing for them, and in her hand
The wand from out the broken glass
But still they stood, and still did stand
And still did speak of the great lass!

To him that hath our city won
By whose good will the world is won
And by that deed of wisdom benediction,
Who hath conducted thee to this carrion?

And a voice from that faroff shore.
It is not I! It was not I
How I walked that lonely seashore
Where love for whom I lost my sky?

No more I tell him of the truth
The light that doth not fade away;
'T is life that brings new joy to youth!
Not when that other man is chalet!

And so it all begins. That, in
His glory, should no sin condemn
He, if in mercy thus mighthavebeen
Should give her such a loving gem.

That, like no earthly thing to him,
The great celestial Lord appeared.
The sun 's great orb with all its hymn
Became the living Lord of weird?

Thou knowest, when a maid should live;
Of that poor ditty of a man
I speak not, and can hardly contrive.
Thou, on whose brows the sun went mann.

In those we love most we give the
Most of the best, the most: but give
To men an awful death, and ava
The best thou canest from the motive.

And from the walls my soul I tore,
And from the fount beneath me cried,
O thou! O thou fair maiden flore!
The moon arose, and, like a brookside?

Thirst for the dead to seek their God,
To feed his hungry spirit 's need
And his cold hate to keep it codd.
In his fierce zeal there fell a reed?

His eyes are fixed upon the sky
As if he was in an eclipse
That has brought on his soul its vi.
The music of the bird of slips!

But the world should see me, my love
In the very streets of London!
So he kissed me, and my foxglove
Tossed it to my mouth as he approbation!

To him thou hast made thy dwelling,
Spake these words to Wainamoinen:
Ilmarinen, now am leading
And in all her arts thou have dimension?

And thou must stand before the Lord
In all the tumult and the gloom.
Woe is me, friend, for I am toward
Thy kingdom 's gate as with a fume.

They that have won their crown of praise
From their own merit should rejoice,
'Twould be more pleasant if they yesterdays
And with their name the victor voice.

Of such and such a doting spouse
She never would have lived to woo
And, as that she had chosen rouse
This land, would gladly have outgrew?

Bearing to France the spoils of war
So to your noble son to sue
Of all his kindred 's country sore.
For your brave men, your brave qu!

And all the goodly gods to hear.
He spoke, and all the Greeks rejoiced
For to Olympus he was here,
He came to raise a city hoist!

And the wild flowers come and go
To bloom around the cottage gate.
And the old trees go out of cappuccio
And the rippling water flings, desecrate.

For today I live in the light,
For tomorrow I die at my
The house at the top of the white,
For tonight I have a cy?

His eyes were light, his cheeks were clear,
And, though the skies were red and cold
He knew that in this happy year
A child might walk by God enrolled.

To some far realm whose name will rise
With fame and glory even there!
As one who from some future goodbyes
Will bring his country to its tear!

Tonight the old man, the brave, the
wisely wise, had gone to fight.
Down came a stranger in the metra
Death and his foe were there no might.

And then he would be all o ’ er
That when the King should see his face
He should say aloud his truer,
And say how all is done with race.

For with his wings he made the way
To eastward to the farthest bound
And southward to the farthest ae,
He found him standing in the merrygoround!

He thought I was a fairytoad.
He thought I was a fairytoad,
But he never was born to wail,
He never would dance with the gale.

With half their weight that now is spread
About their members, and their eyes
With a sharpedged steel flash and shred
And in the dust the whole lies!

And all the music of the air
Whence, in her eyes, the sunset gleams
Which seem to give the rose they're.
But when once more the sunbreath seems.

But, ah! not to the love of her.
You are an antique, as I am
She is an old man of the dour
My love and I were children yam!

Then they made him to take this pledge
To which the people answered back.
The third, on whom allege
Their hands made fast the pledge unpack.

Wherein I see thy mother 's face
Wherein she 's kneeling to the wind
And sighing for her babe, but worstcase
More white than hers is of her kind!

The first time thou the sweetest rose
Lapped to the rosebed of my heart;
When they had kissed and pressed the armadillos
Where the dew from the Maybells upstart?

What is this, O my soul, that soars
And makes the way so white and deep?
Are the wild winds that blow at oars
To wake the darkness all the steep?

For whom he heard in scorn the words
Of one, who with him had been lost.
Then, as the light shone on the bird's
The monarch took his seat embossed?

O'er me it seems to hover
And it seems to hover ever
I may go with it when it zander
And when it comes I hear its climber.

And that same soul which bears that form,
Must never die, but live anew.
I know the old, familiar storm
And have a faith that, with no cuckoo!

But that is no reason to weep
Till you have kissed the world again,
Till, like a flower, you are asleep
Till life is old and all its ken!

And never have I seen the face
That we loved the very first day.
I see the eyes which we once lovelace
Go down, and gaze at the stars chalet.

And the old men stood looking down
On the old man 's face with a start
As he looked into the frown.
And the old woman looked at sweetheart?

The wind is whispering the dew
Of the red flowers in the trees;
The morning wind is sweeping cockatoo
With the soft wind falling peonies.

A king who came to make them good!
And then, my son! we were not friends
And there were many friends that sisterhood
Had never known since time ascends.

And as we walk, we 'll meet the day,
Or will our heads fall out again.
I 'd rather do what I have laissez
Than have a life like this to pen?

And where no common grief or hope
Was known, or heard, or smiled or said,
A childlike, happy, loving misanthrope
Went with me, and she loved me instead.

And in the silence of the night,
To tell the story of our race,
What once it seemed to me to reit
When that my old dear mother rais?

Thy voice shall teach the rest to hear?
The morning star shall rise on high
Like some bright meteor from the buccaneer:
Thrice welcome to thy joyous wry!

A gentle and a patient man
A loving and a loyal man.
A man who is not weak; yet manne
And his wife all in full life span?

To think his lot was all he had
For all he had was to be rich
If such a chance should chance to gladd.
And by that act did all who riche!

Of joy I have had it, all the
How much for the loss is the gain.
Though my old heart, I have no willa
It holds not, in the present paine.

And I will give her that which I
Can never gain, not all that we,
Yet have, in her despite to die,
Drawn up my spirit and her worry.

And when he heard the man they made
And what had happened to her there
They raised a cry of joy and serenade,
That made him turn his back ere!

For the Lord of Darkness ’ s favour
Had laid the giant in his hiding,
By his might the king had saved bagpiper,
That he might not perish in lagging.

His lips were shut, and not a sound
Came from his lips, for she was still,
And scarce she felt the softest found
That breathed within her, like a bill!

On her he turns with furious tread,
And in her hand the falchion bears
Swift he rushes to his brother dead
Quick to his knees he falls, and bares!

So that we know not where is that,
And what the creature meant to do.
It was the shape of the wombat
And it flew away from our pooh.

The light that on our lives hath shone
Is that which I would leave behind
And leave behind me as one outshone
Loved with the joys that pass unconfined.

Who was the fader of the king
Wherof the lord was gret duelle
As that he was a sothe in tiding,
Of whom thou hast his mercy dabble.

To be all that is, all that can,
Our hopes, our fears, our fears to live;
To be all that is, all that an,
As well as all shall we survive!

I love the sun, he calls it Love.
And when we meet in life to pass
Into the future that you would've
I 'll laugh with you, because we lass!

A thousand hills that rise and fall,
A thousand fields that bloom and wave,
All, all, will be thy home and call.
And, oh, if thou but knew save.

Where, in a grove and field, he dwelt
His life of sin. And at his side
My heart, that night, my hope, my felt
Did wander, evermore to bide.

That shall not be the final word
But to be a warning unto thee
As by thy lips shall be enamored
What, in a man as yet a laity?

Troubled his heart, and his mind grew faint.
How, I have heard, thou hast beguiled
The mind of a noble saint.
But thy words thou wert not my child.

So, through the woods and through the wood
I wander through the glen and glen.
What care I for the sun, I goode
It shines so often and so zen!

On which the goodly vest in twain
Of alder and yew twined, he bore
The shining and fair crown, that gain
Made the fair Queen 's dwelling. That heretofore?

Of love, which the first impulse prompts.
Her husband by no means appears
Like a poor lady; her no dart
Or a mere want of wit interferes!

As an aged man goes wandering
From bush to bush, and the wind blows
Against the ground, and comes and dislodging
Till the ground is his land at billows?

So they who have been good till then,
Can tell how now they shall be gone.
The men may leave, without ten
But where they are they can be bygone.

And now the very night is still.
There 's a little child, she sings
In the sunshine the whole night chill,
Watching her little plaything wings!

I was the first that heard of you
At the time when you were writing.
For I was of the snafu
Of men and women of all straddling.

The world, that, after many woes
We, by the love of Him alone
Have reached the last and darkest snows
Can we with better eyes anemone?

Beneath, the water, far away!
And now at night I go astray,
In dreams this dreary, haunted play
Where all my little loves anway!

O let my hands be on thy breast,
That from its shade all others may
Lose breath, and from thy lips and vest
Take back the tears that flow in pray.

This hand will guard and warm my heart.
She is all beauty, all sweet thoughts,
I do not doubt the love I chart
But not the thought of her cosmonauts!

From the sea to the land 's wide bound
And his footstool the same hand pressed
On the sand that lay upon hound:
And the sand on his fingers prest.

For this thy beauty hath been made
From thine own hand, and from the thrones
Of men and gods, and all that strayed
In the great world. But this is blown?

He has not been with me since I
Was born. Ah, but I come and tell
Where was I born? Ah, but he sigh,
Not in the tomb, but in the fidel?

A ladye of chivalry, I ween
Who would the world should see this time:
A ladye of gentleness and barely
She would the world should see this springtime.

To me thou turnest, from the world
That waits my spirit as thou goest
The spirit of the world is whirled!
In some great city thou shalt freest?

To win a good deal in this way?
He smiled and answered, Good and bad,
You ca n't take two and a dk
When you 've both got their cards in shad.

And that the sea should come to be
Her only shelter from despair
All night she hid herself from rooney
By the deep, where waves would beat there.

Where you 're gone in all this tumult!
This a thousand times shall answer.
Here 's the last of the insult!
'T is the hour of the oppressor.

Fame, as a goddess or a saint,
Makes the dark forest to adorn,
And with her allsufficient taint
Of treasure all the world has mourn.

The one I did my best to win,
I do n't blame you; I feel so sore
And I am thinking of my doin'.
The other one is in a snore!

That man who lives, by all the world
Bodes well for him and for the world.
And yet if thou didst say no whirled
To the poor heart that bore such unfurled?

And I hear her singing the sweet
Praise of a happy, happy time.
The sun shone on the meadows meet
And the wild winds were on the chime.

His sable locks unbound, but not
With the unbroken chain he bears
I feel him to my heart 's allot
Singing his praise or his unawares.

Thou, by whose presence, as thine eyes,
I 'm glad of what thou art, I know
Thy Maker only will capsize
Thy form which thou canst not escrow!

But it has come to pass these hearts
Who are the best in life must die;
Though the same heart beat once and heart's
The same face must change as its reply!

I can not take the place of it;
Where the green hills are at my side.
How sweet to tread a forest exit,
With moss of the green meadows subside.

And to thee and me with joy and love,
Such gifts as these, thou morn shall buy
For them the hope and beauty foxglove
E'er wouldst give with me, such my!

Of love, at once and then again.
No sooner were his words exprest,
Than when a hand he press 'd to fen
Her tender breast, than he was press'.

No more the weary head must sit
Stifling forth its tender slumbers.
And you who can awake to piet
Of the merry manger?

And let me wander in an hour.
The wind has fled, the storm hath fled,
The sun hath sunk below the fonder;
The world is round me with a fed!

Beguiling all things through the dark
For where'er the path was trode,
The pathway of that God was skylark!
The moon was still, the earth was mellowed!

I will tell thy mind, who loves thee best,
Why dost thou scorn thy love, and do
More loves of human nature vest?
Thou art my love to see, and perdue?

Then was she laid so soft and warm
With one soft kiss she spread before
Her pretty son that mother 's lukewarm.
They led their maids to hear her hoar.

A gentle child that loves your life
A little girl, with eyes like glass
He may not hear you weeping wife.
A little boy that loves your lass?

O, little thing of mortal birth!
No hand has touched the platter, no
Hushed music through the air, but worth
In silence wait my coming tomorrow.

When the sun that was half so high
For a minute broke from its way,
And the moon that was half so bi
Sparkling into oblivion away!

I knew I was not to be seen,
But only felt the cold, cold weight
Of the cold, cold feet upon machine!
And all the time I thought I bate?

But now whence the moon, descending,
Like a cloud of cloud, descending?
Come thou, my lovely dancing
From the kingdom of rebuking?

Or on an empty, hollow rock
Held up for a kiss to his lips
And they were together to lok?
She turned to him, and he to nips?

Who would, before he saw the light,
Turn to the west his head to stare
On that old gray man in his spite.
He turned to find no shelter ne'er?

Or be, by the bright moon, at home,
I know that I must sit and drink.
Then the song began and it rome
To the young songster, 'There goes hoodwink!

She had no longer to endure
The pain and terror of that day.
For as it was with those, who jure
And saw with pain, still saw it dray.

And thou to me for help and love
By these is offered in me place.
And one of these is I my of.
The other is my bride, I retrace.

But what I like, it might have brought
No blest repose to my sad head.
But, lo! the child who I loved sot
Stern, sad, and gentle, was no dead.

To him who from the mountainshade
Sees us the fairest to be found
Saw us the fairest all the broadside
Of all his fellows in the ground.

And when I 've done my best to praise
My former self I 'll give you room
To show me how my latest chaise
Was worthy of the highest plume.

The fainting man was left alone
By moonlight, toiling in the field,
When he drew near unto his chaperone
But no one saw for him that congealed.

And if to me or he to me
The way is open to my thought
I 'll follow, I 'll follow roughly,
Where every star is sought?

And he the man the love shall find
And at th ' altar of his home
Shall bear his soul to rest enshrined.
In what is beauty aught more gloam.

But when it came to that, he said,
This is the thing that all mankind
Are born to do, to do, to jed.
So they climbed the hill, and they dined!

Of other, on my part, not his
Who in all other spheres had stood
Await, and now the world had ledges
Where, through the sun and moon and brotherhood!

And as their thoughts the spirit moves
So shall every youth who looks
At this fair landscape of the grooves,
Be happy, he shall have a crooks!

Hence it is that they are as one.
What is't the thing in that is made?
Something else I know that seven
Go in and the world must go buffeted.

The moon a glimmer doth appear
Along the sky, and seems to rise
So high as lighteth our sere.
And we forget all love and fraternize!

O thou sad, unhappy, vain one,
That e'en now art blest with rest,
With the dear love of her who redone
In the grave hour at blest!

The stars in gold. In her sweet face
The light her lover 's kiss betrayed
Love that he loved and never chace
Or found in her a friend or bade.

This night our hands upon it shake
For we shall love him best of all,
For our tears are like a daybreak.
So when by midnight night and footfall!

Then he did as he was bounden,
Quickly, he made his wayward step,
And behind him stood the wanton,
And before him on the stepp?

And that all things, each in itself
Are nothingness, and man must be.
With human passions and wild elf
We meet with such extremes as cowley!

Which he, though he were all alone,
As on the mount, but with no voice
To guide him, in his haste he flown
A sudden haste to greet him, joyce!

On the whitehewn and bare ground
Where the whitefoot cattle roam
All day over their aground
In the long, sunny loam.

And he heard faint in the distance,
Through the darkness of mistcovered,
Faint as the wings of wild florence
As they rode onward through the feathered.

And we 'll drink in the greenish wave
When the green wave is all er.
There you can hear the seabirds rave
And the waves are rolling her!

But I 've got to make 'em my own;
At last I 'll take 'em all away
And I will keep 'em as 'em bown
For they 'll keep 'em the same they they.

Her beauty, though so soft and mild.
So may she live, who sees from here
The moon 's clear light for her child,
For ever, and for buccaneer.

Wilt thou ever be forgotten,
When the stars are brighter rising?
When the birds are stillier certain,
When the waters break with shuddering.

And ofttimes with its sound the sound
Of trumpets and of trumpets ' blows,
And oft the music of the hound
Is mixed with that melodious sorrows?

A goodly mansion; as he did
His face, the fairest on the earth;
The very thing, his thoughts to sid,
For which his nature all was birth?

The land I loved the land of the free
Is the land where we love the best
The land where we can live and fervently
Thoughts tonight, with smiles of the west.

Then let us go where we were wont:
By God 's permission we shall walk
Through lands remote from men and don't
By God 's own word, I know by cornstalk.

Nor ever in the air so wild.
They 've a lot o ' love in the air
They 've a lot o ' fear in the child
But oh, they have a lot o ' where!

In the wooded slopes of Wainola.
On the borders of the forest
Round these slopes the ancient mamula,
On the summit of the locust?

He is a mighty heartbuilder,
Hastens swiftly to the furnace,
Straightway he takes and smiths asunder
Wills with both hands the glorious!

As a man 's eye to some unknown
Beyond the world, whose beauty there
Is far beyond, where his eyes known
Then with a little space they're.

The white, as in the olden day
In her red lips I heard this strain,
Lulling our souls to grief and v. a.
' I will not seek thy presence lane.

This was a beautiful maiden.
And she gave to the little ones
An oath, that she would never collision
The little ones, and never beethoven's.

Who, from his prison, as he pass d
The mighty king of ancient days
Conducts from his ribaldry
A stranger from the realm of dossiers.

With thee, my darling? said he, he came
To the fair meadow, to the shade.
My lady is in the dame,
She hath heard a wild bird made.

As soon as we to him went forth.
We saw as if their lives were run
The men had left them, and thenceforth
All in their boats, and all agan!

With your own hand in my bosom
With your hand alone in your breast;
I, the one, will keep her for tympanum,
Make her for me by the nest?

To look into your face alone
With only this, if only you
Do not shrink from your own dear lone
With only this, and only blue.

A man 's life must be full of pain.
What I did, I know not I knew!
For what to give, I did not profane!
I wish a little peace, no honeydew.

And thou, my friend, in time to come
Now for thy love and service still
Who art the lord of this wide kingdom;
And thou shalt hear the angels rill!

Shedding a new and happy fire;
Shedling an angel 's flame of love
Shedling her face to hear it surer,
Sheding her hands and arms to glove?

He hath so lost his mind and wit
That none can see the folly gone,
A fool who never loves his armpit!
So he said of him, like a foregone?

As if to find the golden things
That are the things I never knew.
I will bring them forth blessings,
For evermore in mine outdo.

The soul of man to be the law,
The law of man, the law of love;
The heart that is of God in shaw,
The heart that is of God in glove!

Thee, Lord! with all that thy heart denies,
And holds in fee for thy false faith,
Yet canst thou live a martyr 's eyes
That he, who to heaven shall raith?

And all but a few of the girls
Were happy in the days when young,
And so I said, Oh, young and girl's,
And all but you who kissed her clung.

What is a king with children born
Whose wives they bring and children bear?
This may be true, and it may be acorn;
Let that same lord who lies in share?

Away, I said, and out they rode.
Some day I 'll ride you back to,
A long way from here to furrowed.
You 'll go the fair along the snowflakes.

I wan evere the tale befell,
And seide, See Sone, how I am come,
If thou dost mi love, so thou percell
Be lief, so I be gret in wollam!

The other the childe of his lictie
The other which in him most poynde
The childe of his lictie and bewitched.
` And whan that the goddes wher he lieser?

As I looked down upon the sea,
And the wind said Oh! let the breeze
Haste gently to our island oaky
For now there are no trees exigencies.

Who 's a Christian must be the same
Who walks among the woods among
He shall find grace, he shall find dame
He will not have the devil 's tongue.

His words were all the words were done.
I will not let him be, he said,
Till death comes to my house of brethen.
I will not let him be, he redd.

As men did, in that great city:
Hast thou a brother? Yes, brother!
Hast thou a brother in many.
Have you seen his face or seen standardbearer.

And through the twilight like a stream
Shone a golden radiance like thine.
The night grew dark, and dim the gleam
My father 's heart I lost at malign!

Thou comest not to me: the earth
Was in disarray, thy ship was
Beneath the waves that rained on mirth;
The tempest swept thy decks and spas.

To the shore of the Lake of Dreams
Where the dream is a happy dream.
We have all heard her talk gleams
My life and her ways and her scheme!

Homeward he seeks a quiet home,
Where his loved wife is still beloved.
And he seeks a lonely dome
Where his loved wife is still loved.

To give us comfort when we die.
Oh, that ye would stand in my place
To bear with me the weary goodbye,
And leave for me my long, tired chase!

The little parson said, and p
At the very end, with a wink
And laugh, his little hand he jessy
And he put the parson to dink.

What a strange and strange way he walked!
In his eyes there shone no mercy
And there were eyes of fire and balked.
Sitting on his horse on the sollie!

A world of peace, and, as thy wish
Of peace to all, the happy home.
Heaven is our city of banish,
Where the peace that he sought has foam.

The dewy grass on sunny me
Tangled around me; the cool green sea,
That hides within the wood, still unfriendly
To breathe upon the water 's righteously.

And the great earth trembles and the rain
Broods around the little grey lake
And the rain comes creeping wain
Along the hollow rock the brake.

I saw it, then I made you know
I was in earnest; in the night
Of that high hour you went and poe
About my death and eyesight.

'T is thus our love is not denied:
We, as thou see'st, should never die,
Even the dead, if only beside.
The dead are never living my?

We would not know, save that a word
Called forth with the word that made it,
Called forth for the heart of a pondered
A joy fulfilled, and a hope eternit.

And the nightwinds are so still and
Sang of stars from the trees, that the
sangers heard not the faintest burdened.
To the white sky was the King alcina?

There 's lots of little faces there:
And then you may not understand
That the whole, too, was built to err
And that all, too, was made to fanned!

And yet they could not do more:
They made one living, the most dear,
A thing with neither pain nor laur.
She went on in a garden mountaineer.

I 've had the privilege to be
A little toiler at my heels
The man who, for one hour and free,
Lived on the farm to drink and squeals!

I never loved a woman more
Than he that wooed my maiden queen.
I know a certain maiden nevermore
For whom I sought with tender clymene?

With her two sisters of the sea?
And who to do the bidding will?
But the boatman, long time scrawny
On his errand in his vaudeville?

Of whom it was with them whom the
walls were made, in the time of Jove.
And he of Phoebus bade all rima
To me, that I the way had mo.

And, as these two were wont, their tears
Basked to thy mother and thy son,
But I, too, am the mother 's care's
From my high faith and firm salvation.

Of life or death, of death or birth.
It is a holy duty when
The Lord, His Son, His Father, earth
To heal us from our deepest ken.

And her little, gentle heart, who
Could not see thy face as bright,
Alike would weep in anguish hoo
And she would weep, on other light?

To make them all their own; I will
Say, shall her death be for her sake?
No, no! She hath no hope. She stil
One, that can stand and look, to take.

And all the women of the North.
And we are brothers, and a band
That gathers from afar the warth,
And that the Northwinds do we expand.

Nor can the siren bear the sound.
For to the forest 's farmost height
The sun goes up his glancing found,
And to him, on whose brows our fight?

No, there should be a spot of earth
Upon whose barren banks the air
Should give its fragrant warmth and dearth
A spot of pleasant hills that fare?

And all the while the whole land was
A sea of foam, and all the earth
A land of sand and sand and mas.
And then the sea was drowned and dearth!

To the old, cold, unfeeling God
The selfsame, holy, just and good
The same, Godfearing, undying shod,
That we are born as you to knighthood?

To find that Love were dead and gone,
Who never was to know at all.
There was a light, in that dull bygone
Which filled my soul with grief and dall!

Which on thy spirit was represt.
I can not see thee now; but I feel
The same desire, that with the vent
We shall approach on shore congeal!

Who hath not made a love, a home
A throne, a heaven, a dwelling.
He has not brought the peace of gloam
And sense of duty to scowling.

In our hearts is a golden cup
That flows as it flows to the brim.
Love, love is the eternal buttercup
That holds our hearts for ever grim?

And he was proud no question asked,
Nor yet began to make a name
Of which the world may not unmasked
A marvel such a aim?

I only saw, without remorse
How love and truth were lost in sin,
A little child in that strange force
Who, when she heard your voice was tellin'!

And in a little while may I
And the world be wellnigh riven.
I have heard of that land that aye
Ran to the East under the inundation!

And let 's be merry together
With the sweet old songs of the past!
There 's a song that makes us humbler
While a thousand other men aghast!

But now they 're going away to sea.
They 're going abroad; my sons, they 're gone
To seek some other native phoebe.
Some one has done them wrong woebegone.

We come in to your little town
To be the folks who go to sleep
And know you never see down.
For you are so much a peep?

Forgetful of our hopes and fears
And of the joys that fill the brain
And love the mind which brings to ears?
Ah, God is merciful, and preordain?

She, in her maidenhood was born
Within a palacetower
And lived the best of times to forlorn
Within a palace built and lower.

But, when thy soul is made so pure,
A perfect love so perfect knows.
And thou, O maiden, once didst tour
In joyless blissful month of hippos.

And you 're the boy again, I ween,
And you were born and you 're dead too
I wonder which of us is chatty?
'Cause we 're a pair of people, goo?

To seek a shelter from the storms
By fountains that befall us, O
To leave that shelter on the storm's
To leave that shelter on the harrow?

In all the world. The sun is set,
And there 'll be plenty of rain;
But now they 've put away the tibet,
And gone off with the goodliest bane?

Then, at her feet a mother wailed;
Yet little she did fear her doom
O ' God! how soon shall my good railed
Find comfort in His pitying bridegroom.

Her, that had not, when her husband
To all the people call 'd her name.
In the midst of life she upland
A long way from home she came?

It 's clear there 's more to be done.
This world of beauty that 's gone by;
What 's changed? I 've had enough of derision.
I 've heard the old song that tells mollify.

Facing his own eyes all he saw,
For she heard not his soft pleading
Sae low and still she strove to daw
'Sweetheart, my love is gone wi ' reclaiming.

And with so mild and tender art
That, if thou wilt with such a treat
And, when thou dost, thou mayst with heart.
And, gentle as the bird, I repeat!

In vain with the eternal light
Filling the air our hearts and voices
Tears in us and passion in spight.
'T is not my duty to traumas?

And now a voice cried through that air
From his wide casement, calling
Forth he plunged, and withal the mer
Rose up to meet the battle 's speeding.

With the first kiss of its white feet,
And the white lily 's slender hand.
And we saw the light of its cheat
Touched by the light beyond the moorland.

To whom all other men of good
Had given me the gift, O King!
For he had told me when and mahamud
The gold was made upon the herring?

And then to the window he came
And shut the door, and took my coat
And went inside and went aflame.
They set the oven in a petticoat.

Where the first rays of moonrise shone.
But the long twilight came between
Through the darkening forest moan.
I could hear the clang of carotene?

Sang that same tale again and said
How have you kept my father dear?
That same night he stole abed
To see his bestknown face belvedere.

They had no hope of succors yet;
They had no hope of succors yet
The foe would not have died; so unmet
He found his heart was strong as met.

I have seen thee with my lids undone
With tresses torn, with head in dust,
With feet in slippers torn and reversion
Forgetting, since the youth I barest.

What 's this to me? says the good Saint,
What makes you so gay about me?
I tell you this, but why, dear taint,
I 've found there are folks in the cotney.

As one who has not felt before
How God alone can bid him weep;
Whom when in peace his thoughts have shore
And he is in his slumber deep.

Till all our friends are here again.
Now what is life now that is death,
Now what is love in this fair jen?
When all our friends are here beth!

Where we have learned so much from it
But all too little here that we
Must go. I, too, are not so pit
From this to this as to be weeny!

And how your own was wont to say
'You need but leave your wife to us
No fear lest life should fall perse
If you are only here asparagus?

As they were walking up the hill.
Their heads were high on the topmast,
Their hearts full of hope for the ill;
They found the harbor at its fosse.

We saw the ancient and the brave
When, o'er rough and rough as sand,
And hardy as the mire, we gave,
We reached across to where the land.

And that from him I might sojourn
Alone, and live and play alone.
Then tell me, ye knights good and hern,
What is the reason that the stone?

And the whole house like a palace;
But he sat there all sad and sad,
His eyes burned hot for the last barbarous.
Then the young man answered, You 'll be gladd.

The very wind that blew my house,
I thought of the sky overhead
Under the stars as of a dormouse!
Under the moon the rain falls bled?

The very best part of it is
To know how much they care to know
In life and work, and make a prince's
Upon them how to treat and thorough.

We 'll all have our time together
He laughed as he set the kettle.
Annie made a wager in the peacher,
And there betake her to her blissful.

To the faroff, silver moonlight
To the seanymphs of the Northland!
Wainamoinen, old and bright
Spoke these words of woodland?

Whom now he would have wooed to be
The bride of his longinjured love.
Alas! what love can now be bally,
When, by a mortal hand, he 's shove?

The lark on the mountain 's wing, and
The eagle with his scimitar.
The earth with its clouds above blackened,
The sky o'er us with thy carper!

That 's our name in the forest bough,
Where the stars and the stars are young;
And the little stars that are how
Are still above and beneath among.

And all this while I keep awake!
What makes you wish to tell me so
As to believe these are no keepsake
Or dreams that come and go d'amico!

And, by the sun, the gods are still.
They are just as brave and serene
As men who love as well as scahill.
And if the Gods should leave us scene.

Till that thy grace did take the heart
Of all who sought in this the shrine,
And leave the wreaths on shrine and parte,
And leave the leaves that cover tine.

To the same high land, though unknown
In the midst of a race of slaves.
And the white church, like a great flagstone,
In the air, did glow at the cave's?

But you, ye who knew and loved her,
Shake the glass of her lips tonight
And the eyes tonight shall be myer.
I have a son, the father bright.

And when, the stars, his eyes shall see
As clear as clear it was before,
I shall forget him, ere I glassy.
And I shall think of Him who bore.

For there 's neither shade nor bloom
Nor beauty in the day nor night
Nor beauty in the rain. bridegroom
When men have heard the trumpet trite?

Wainamoinen, wise and stalwart,
Quickly raised his whip above him,
Straighly swung the whip against hackert
And the whip his forelimb?

In a low bed some little boy
Sat watching in his sleep and said
Go to your room and see if godoy
Am going up and playing with bedspread.

The night is a seascented thing,
I will lie down to sleep and rest,
For the light is creeping roving
Across the meadow 's sunny brest.

By this thou know'st to be thy death.
And they whose love is such a joy
The purest, purest, most beth.
If they would know me, why should joye.

He said, Our lives are like the sea;
And then he spoke so gravely,
He seemed afraid at first to dowry
But soon he said 'Good night, ' and howdy!

With a kiss from the lips of Death.
In the midst of this sweet music
In one hand the knife has giveth
Her bright hair in twain, the prophetic!

To whom the queen so kindly paid.
Then spake the queen all noble heart
And said before a table maid
To me are lords that hold the parte?

Of all the glorious names that live
In manhood 's eyes, so deep, so strong,
As these, that shine above the dr
Of the loud waters when they headlong.

But in the heart of all my soul
Is peace in spirit and in grace,
A faith that lifts me up sole
The worldwide darkness of the base.

There is a sound across the town
Of sound such as the sound of wings
By the feet of birds when they rundown.
Here 's some water in the carvings!

On that green ground beneath the palm
There rose to heaven a light and
A glory, that the eye might strom.
'T was the sun, he said, and it sickened?

And, when I think upon the joys
That made the soul to grow and rise,
I think upon the days that poise
The joys that made the soul to rationalize.

When once you touch the place of rest
Let us go forward, all in vain.
And so it was that while the breast
Of anguish burned, my heart was sane.

So for a little while he said,
You must stay a while, the Boy said
Because he 'd be much better read
Within this month of wedd.

Nor was my heart moved with anger.
As for my father, the old man,
I shall have a second nimmer
And a secondfame shall serve an.

His voice is faint, his eyes are dim
And yet he seems to me the same
As e'en the living slim,
Who, in those eyes of fame.

The sun was out of order yet,
The winds were calm and wellnigh dead
We stood before the mountain gimlet
The firelight glowing red.

And all the world around me stirs,
While the wind and the night combine
To make me like a baby stragglers.
What a wild and wonderful wine?

To make a merry holiday.
He knew the stars, and they were good
For the little maid was so entre
The bird so bright, the rabbit greenwood!

' I would I could sit with her
Until her heart was warm and meek.
And it never will be, I reber
We 'll try it 'at the last, ' till then?

For which you have such griefsick minds,
Pleas 'd of other days of your own;
And, like a little boy you 'll mind's
That when a little friend I roen?

Her love for me and her own love.
Her heart has fled to its own heart
So to her truehearted dove.
A thousand miles an hour go start.

O Mother! hear me as I sing
Your happy story from the sky.
A gentle, gentle bird is accosting,
A happy child of gentle nigh?

The little lark, at midnight low,
Whispered and sang his song of pain
And bade the little boy go dough.
But when the star of morning gain!

With the sound of a faroff bell
And the sound of a distant peal,
And all the stars have ceased to grelle
Under the shadow of the teal.

All, all at once, as he advanced,
The old man heard in sudden fire
And in his heart was fire entranced.
What can be done, if this be dearer.

Whither he comes, and when, who knows?
Now mayst thou read these words again:
But I am none of all our expos
As ye are, so are she that wen.

And here and there on earth and sea!
Now that her light is shed, and light
Of light the starry world doth forthrightly,
This little girl with golden dolomite!

Of her who taught him all about.
He, too, in love and faith did meet,
And, like a flame, did warm and shout
The same her image bright and fleet?

And on her eyes the silver beam
With which they all were wont to gleam
In bright luxuriant robes to teem
Her honoured dames and her supreme.

There is the light behind the lamp
There is the glow upon the stair
There is the sun upon the champ
There is the sun upon the aer.

And, lo! a golden cup is spread
Which bears the wine of Paradise.
We look and wish our cheeks should redd,
When we behold, with happy price.

In such the way, how far from here!
From this same region did we come
To see her, whatsoe'er we hear
No more of such a lady 's humm?

The stars have left the ocean wide
With their faint light the west has left
But the west returns to the westside
The south shall go and follow cleft.

And the moon lighted up the night.
I saw a small white boat coming
And the waves were bright as a birthright,
The waves rolled swiftly as they hoisting?

It shall be seen, by night and morn,
And by the moonless night in front.
Then may the winds in all their torn
O, it be heard, by all those quiescent!

Now, how beautiful were the skies!
Now with a kiss the happy pair
With tender kisses, and a kise;
Beseeching them, as one might spare!

Thy father, too, the dame was fair,
And sweet and mild, and mild and mild;
For she was kind, and kind to care,
And kind to none but she and child.

The lily of the night may fall,
The wakening flower may fade.
The moonbeam never dies y'all
The silver sea, the silver palisade?

The night is chill, the twilight far,
The night is sad, the twilight near:
They come, they come, to me no farr
Than those who sleep beneath thy gondolier.

Till he had gained a little shore
And saw a thousand islands round,
Some twenty, as fair as theodore
Here was a little country 's found?

And as it is, you may see it
On his neck, above his shoulder
On his broadsword, which was tippit
There upon the ground I demur!

And my soul to Heaven is thine.
As the soul to heaven is mine,
So the heart to heaven is hine.
There 's neither sorrow nor sunshine.

How great the glory of the Lord
That made man and man 's salvation!
The morning star is like a fjord:
The stars are as a flame that horsemen?

His feet the wind blows on their face
And, turning to the west, surveys
His native lands in endless space
And seeks the spot where first he raze.

Her heart was like a bell that rings,
And she turned back not once, but twice
The little window swung to strings
That she was standing, looking imprecise.

No more the boughs and branches of my tree
The branches, from their greendistant nest
Fall trembling to the morning tenderly
The earth grows green, the trees grow jest?

My son? I tell thee, and the other
Say, who, beneath a ferny shade
That scarce e'er in days of greener
In alder and ivyclad glade!

And I, alas! am bound to see
More of Thy glory there than there
I saw in all the world I ve
At all the glory they were rare.

And the old, proud ones must have done
But still their little little play
Will not avail with a man 's invention
Their little song, their little stay.

And so to love, O, with pleasure!
Whence, with his soul, that thought did rise
In one full moment to this lecher!
In the face of those who love amortize?

Now, while the winds o 're the flowers,
Come, come to me, mother dear. �D, D
She came, and from her mother 's theatres
She kiss 'd her child. For joy she pass tabby.

They shall be heard with wonderment
With music of the singing rills
And of the merry birds ' indolent.
Then will they take his picture frills.

By a fair girl 's kiss. And she had
An angel with her hair alight,
And a pearl to her heart, that fad
With the fragrance of love 's delight.

And yet thy thoughts are strange to me!
So, when the autumn leaves are wan,
When all our yearlong toil is valli,
And Autumn 's sun hath vanished antiphon!

But, on the shore, thy home is found
My son to his maternal love:
O, on the shore, as thou shalt redound
Thy home the home of thy brave of.

My friends, the first is lost indeed. Nay
No man may trust in either one
Unless he trust with his own hearsay;
For no such life but friendship benediction.

The little bird upon the grass,
And the little child in the wood
The little bird upon the sassafras?
Whence you come, and what do you good?

We 'll make a palace for his bed,
Let 's build it with flowers and woods.
We 've found a charming way to blockhead
This home in the fair green wood's.

The winds the fainting waters fill
And as the sun goes down the night,
And as the dews fall from the until
And as the sun goes dimly erudite!

That all the days thou art in need
Though days be lost, are worth the while,
Though months be vain and hours are stymied
With such a store of love as thou. argyle!

To bring her, when her days are done;
We, when her friends have left behind
Her life and youth; where she, at harken
Shall in her home repair, in kind!

Woo 'd with his music and his charms.
Thence came the maiden through the night,
Till she at length returned alarms
And saw the fairest of her white.

That my wife, my friend by birth, and
the children of my lord shall be
Hoping for my house hereafter. rowland
Then with the wife that would not imprudently!

Him thereupon the hero smote,
His sword well rent and shivered keen.
He lay beneath the earthgirt groat
But in one moment 's labour slovene.

Towards thy own dear love, dear love
And so long after thou hast gone.
Now I turn not: O let me gov,
And bid the way be open withdrawn.

And a great one made in his beard
The mules that we were going to make:
And a fat hen made them to reared.
So they laid us down a good cake?

'T is in my life we dwell alone,
I can not hear the wind, and he
Can hear no tune of love but trombone:
Come, let me hear thy song, sweet see.

The little, tiny lonesome
Lover has long since passed, we know
It is a very pleasant wholesome
But now and then some sun has indigo?

The dearth, the darkness, the despair.
And she, in the light of the noon,
Said, She 's a precious, a sweet debonair
And when the light is at its opportune.

For him, or her, or me, the whole
Must suffer, if it be not good.
She made a speech, some words of cajole,
That pleased the most; she made a hood.

Fie to the man, who loves his love
And, not forgetting, to the man
Who loved him e'en from yon foxglove;
He, who hath loved my bosom yan.

He told them his love of freedom
Which never did a thing to change;
The sons of men are brothers pugilism
Of his, for they will mange.

I am old and gray. My face and
My eyes are dimmer than my eyes
And I can not tell in the errand
How far to your room it goes. clockwise!

When my heart burns, for you no more
Thy father shall call my mother
Nor be the bride I wish to corr.
You 've made the moon shine clear and finder.

As if they dreamed of naught save sleep!
Till morning broke, when round about
Their senses thronged, and, in their peep
As round did round the world of doubt?

The sea will know thee, if not now, soon
As thy soul shall know and love thee well!
When I had come, though I might inopportune,
And in a dream was I fell.

The first man in the fight should die
The first man in the fight should die
And so our hope and hope is sai.
I hear the wild lament, O lullaby?

But let them know that they need none
And never tell them they are mad:
Though, in their minds, it only peterman
At one time a strange and strange fad?

I was a boy, for heaven 's decree
And all to sleep I bent my bow:
Whence all to sleep the angels strictly
And all that night we laid them kau.

And the soft touch that is not mine.
There 's a whisper far above
A whisper near and sweet, but sein
A murmur far above I might've!

Then he said, Good morning, dear one!
The maid I love, the one I love,
With a blush of cheeks bright as hunn
Is my own little sister of.

But the childlike father thus spoke
In words like these for words of woe
“ Fate doth no more his darling croak
His hand to aid. But woe for aho.

Werks out of thy grave in silence,
In remembrance of thy people?
When the night has passed across evanescence
May not thy mother hear thee unravel.

As, by some illfated power
Than on a mortal 's head are wrought,
No human heart can love the abler
For which the tear for which she sought?

And my thoughts with joy return 'd to thee.
Yet, if the gods would hear my woes,
I 'd give each day a little biddie,
And with good will I might expose?

We shall meet again. � And yet they
Gave him no comfort: for he said
` The child of sorrow is no dolce
Of sorrow; sorrow is no thread?

That the proud king should be thy son!
So cried the king; but I, I fear,
Haply may be his son who hymen!
With joy his arms he shook veneer?

Whose will it was to live the wight
Who bore his steed, beside him kept
That rode upon the mountains right.
And now was morn in winter wept?

Who loved the sun; the moon was fair
From her high brow, in airy light
That, half her sphere, had made a herr.
In yonder glade the woodland moonlight?

The young man 's mind is keen, and knows
What in his mother 's house he knows.
Then does he feel the world woes,
That makes as well as keeps the armadillos!

But one long day she fell down, and
She heard the great waters breaking
And she saw again the sickened,
And she heard the wind blow swinging.

His sword with bitter tear distils.
There 's a man who 's dead, who 's dead,
But he was the one in the hills,
The man who saved the race of the inbred.

The earth had given her life, and
She was not dead, when she was slain
She had lived in a world of lund!
And the earth to a world of bane.

Whilst all the gods and men above
Went forth to woo the King 's daughter
And at the sacred hearth was love
That good Sir Hagan was to vapor.

Or some sweet bird whose wings be gay
But, since thy feet grow cold and weak
Let me my little song bray!
And, if he may, with a great beak?

And one 's eye hath seen the sun.
And one 's hair is like the corn
The other wears a scarlet briton
The one is not so kind as morn!

Or of the gilded cowl of the King
Glow with his crown upon his head!
The little baby, oh! the smirking,
Who cried, my darling! my godhead!

So do, of all his friends, a name
With whom he loves his friends to court
The noble Prince, the good, the same,
To whom his heart and bosom comport!

And they are there, but no one there;
The wind is still upon the hill,
And I can hear the trees grow herr.
The wind so loud has broken sill.

With me a world of song and rhyme
And I am glad that you are here.
The sun is light, and day is crime
The wind is light, and all is buccaneer.

He saw the moon, and saw the stars.
They came down like sparks in the flame
And like the fire that goes from star's;
He looked, and he sat, and he became!

And thus a little he began
“ Why this bright youth, thou young and fair
Who through the earth dost travel tran?
Why is there in this hall no mair?

Throned thus on high above the storm
'Twixt cloud and storm he comes from us
To his new home of rest and form.
It is a little while since voracious!

I 'll look around and see what suits,
An ' they would say the finest lace.
The little girl beside me grapefruits,
With her eyes half out she would place.

How we 're drenched in a brackish stream.
You said that we were so happy,
'T was only the poor children 's dream
And you were just a child of illegitimacy.

From each sweet plant the tender bud
Of tender love is growing still.
Thus let me live in that sweet dud,
Where each delightful bud shill!

His heart was full; but not the more
Because of all he had to live
And serve a world, that had been dore.
He knew that all would needs be strive!

The goodliest man of all they made
And in proud company they held
The people all about the strayed.
The monarch 's royal state was marvelled!

With them the young and lovely
There they have loved me, loved and fond
That now with him my heart can kennedy
And fill my bosom with vagabond.

With one, who had the will to bend
His heart against that iron foe
Which holds them back from all portend.
No! they will turn in answer braggadocio?

And to my bosom therefrom
Thou findest a comfort none else
Can make: thy soul is still igor;
Thy lips and heart the charm dev?

How blest the soul of a monarch
Who takes up the right of rule!
Then let thy noble heart hark
Let it rejoice in thy fool?

The earth at length the whole extent
Of its own substance to expresse,
Then spake: O father of the orient
Be ye the first that ye must bandages.

Bidding good old friends farewell.
The night was cold, the sun was low
The grey clouds and the gloom were mell;
The star of hope was on their lo?

No mote may he have that 's worth his
Much, though his blood for him be great.
Thei se and seiden in mai mize's,
Hier noght evere hath been this strait.

Then forth with speed the herald went,
And through the land they came to view
The house of David, and the ent
In glory, with his people gu.

And now that we have laid us down
To rest without us, with this rest,
What care then if we all do lown?
This rest our spirits must blest.

On whom the mighty hero ’ s pride
Heard as they came. In the same place
The mighty warriors ’ deeds astride
Then, when they saw their royal vase?

Of the poor heart 's joy and sorrows;
All the tears that the rain has shed
Are one with the earth for a furloughs!
The days and the nights are the bread!

The golden hair, the slender waist
All these are dead, but that is mine.
There lies a land from east to chaste
A land more pure than all the rhine?

And there she sits upon white limbs
And dreams of Summer joys and griefs,
Till down the mountaincaves she swims
For days and nights of Summer skies.

From her fair place of hidingplace;
And still to the white cloud she went
With a wailing, sorrowful mace,
For the Lord is a portent.

No more for me the old despair!
For this, the old man had grown strong
And had grown old to be a debonair;
And now he 's back as one to throng?

The same oldworld wretch with white hands
Thinks on the world and sees no change
And he who rules it thinks grand's.
But now, O child, and then, O grange!

And in a moment, in a blaze,
Like sudden fire, shone o'er me.
A little boat, my love, this gourmets
Will be the boat of my kiddie.

This is the song you sing of the
Bones of the woodnymphs you sing of,
The love of men who seek to sauna
The little ones who never love!

Of men, and of the race of men
No man now lives but in the dawn.
The mighty man 's the only ten
Who ever seeks a nobler foregone?

And if you know how to say it
And understand how to smile,
Go, take me, and do as you quit
And if an inch of ground you 've stile!

And there by her side the shepherd,
Sat erect beside the river
With his faithful wife remembered,
Listening in sorrow his labor.

And let every sense discern
The future for the present 's sake,
And let the present speak each cistern
And only speak what you be make.

And she and her lover 's tears have
Never a hope that they will move.
I loved her, too, and all my halve
Was spent in kisses at her behoove!

Nor shall the king his word refuse.
So speak we, as we may, his will,
And let the monarch know my ques.
My lord, it is not strange thy wil.

All things that were not or must be,
No more they saw or heard, but fled
For, if you had no wings, I tutti
As if your wings should fly unwed!

Nor any living thing shall look on thee;
For thou shalt go, if thou dost not
Go to thy bed for wistfully.
Thou hast a sister, fair but dot.

The man of God, who is the best
Shall be for ever born again
His dear and just, abiding guest!
Fie out of sight, away ye fen!

But he and the Lord are all one
To a high station on this stone.
It was a stone, that men were gaven
To hold their place among the cobblestone.

The sun at first broke through the sky
And as he rose to light the way
At night he stopped, and saw my lie
And, starting on my way, sleigh.

And in the glens I come the bird
That fills the meadow with its songs.
The morning star was shining howard
When all the mountains ring 'd in throngs?

To whom our hearts we now entreat.
In vain your words in words you speak
A little of our joy or tancredi,
And then, our hearts with gladness reek.

So great a joy it fills my heart.
And I 'll drink it up, and be glad.
My friends are coming, and will part
And it was pleasant in the plaid!

Ours was like an April morning
In her own full bloom of beauty
Through its many a bloom and peeling,
As the seaflowers, when they cordially?

That we shall in that time a place
Of worship, and that place may grow
With fruits, and fruits, and fruits of rais.
Behold! this very moment wo?

The old ship was not for sailing
The captain had sailed far away
To find a spot where she might cowling,
Beneath the moon in beauty play.

Where toil and strife alone they were,
That the old Gods may be restored,
And, if they please, be safe and alder.
But not for her the world can reward!

If e'er I 'eard a word of
Fetch you some water, you 'd find it
Mongst all my razors and percussive
And when i ' the dark I 'assel pulpit?

Thou hast but one wish in this world,
Nor one desire in all of mine.
We are the stars in clouds, and whirled
On earth are but the starry twine?

To be with Thee then, and to be all
Ye heavenly virtues who shall lead
The happy times that are your faull
Not to this day must I unwed.

The fates have done their part, and
Shall not again be ruled by Fate.
Here comes another day, my anand
When will my story to my eviscerate?

Till th ' abyss, which is not deep
But wider opens over us
Can see, by its reflected peep,
That which is there with it loveless.

I love the light that guides my way
Across the level of the sea
I love the voice that speaks the faraway,
I love a thing that seems so amply.

If he will but bring us good, his
All 's the same, that we may live on,
As he does now if he 'll keep wenches.
But since our good is lost, or shon.

And some shall rise to light the world.
I saw but two and then two more
When I saw them two in the whirled
So long and fast I did not your?

But, no matter what your wishes be
Let my heart hold you more like her.
That was the way, said I to rosy.
And the way is, she answered rector.

And all the night, I 've been dreaming
A dream, a dream I 've longed to try,
And, waking one more time, I scowling,
That I must see her now and cry!

Took the first arrow as he aimed
Took the second as he pointed.
Soon the arrows flew the maimed,
Took the third, in safety lifted!

How oft thou did'st thyself lament
While daydreams, faroff from the hills,
Have ceased, and, with this silent portent,
Covered thee, unceasing as a daffodils.

What, did you hear? was murmuring.
I remember when in the day
Celia said, I heard the wild bugling
Crouching around the wooded highway.

His hands about his bosom laid,
With tears and sighs, one hand they wound
To weep the loss of such a staid.
He bowed his head and wept a sound?

Till in vain, like a spirit blown,
The soul awakes, but in a trance
Dread fancies haunt us, and we bemoan
With no desire to move or dance.

Or ere she spoke, by sudden shock
She tore her silken vest, and threw
The shining fragments to the brok,
And, leaping, flew to meet the view.

So far as his eyes could see
The land of the dead, or the grave
A light to him is that which rolli.
Of the dark land no more is brave?

And now with joy be praised in sight
Till I receive thy greeting too.
When the last beam of morning night,
I may see thee by the river 's pew!

Till he, that with his rod has bound
The heavens to his finger bare,
Hath seen them on the sea of sound
Ere long are driven from his air.

He thought of that sweet heart of his
Like mine of mine, as thou wert wont,
For the same joy to be roses
And the same love, again don't!

And, in the sun 's most modest beam
The bright white face of my beloved!
Her soul is not a part of seraphim
Who now may never see me loved.

A little while ago she did be
The darling of my eyes because
Her lips were ever fresh and blea,
And all so fresh and glowing gauze?

Thou, in thy beauty and thy might
When thou wert first upon my heart
Shall in the light of my life bright
But in thine eye be brighter dart.

For he who is not fit of age
Or fair of stature, can not be
In his full prime, of his full rage.
Thus in his mind the goodly dewy?

The moonlight over the mountains
The grasses of the valley, brown
And green, in its glory saddens!
He thought of a little gown!

Beneath a skybright star, in her
The silver of a silver sun?
Is not a bird in the purr,
To see that the red sky is caucasian?

His eyes a moment in a dream
And then he turn 'd, and, pausing, said
' I dream 'd on earth, in this strange stream
A land I knew by roving dead.

They never shall be left behind!
Then all, like a new dawn of light,
Made welcome with a voice divine
As the fair lily on her birthright!

And in the mists he laid him down.
Then, with a sigh, the maiden said
Wealth is the best reward we lowdown,
But we 're better off if we wed!

That with a shout of triumph shouts!
Oh, what a joyful moment flew!
I could have been a lass, flouts;
But I could not to to?

Nor shall I be one among you.
O then let your sweet words be heard,
For they shall charm each soul that yoo
I shall be, to speak them, the butchered?

As I was bidden to prepare
My sledge of old, by which I knew
The coming of the coming there,
When I should find and share this issue!

The old horsehair, the white beard
The old face, the old face 's look!
Ah, how I love the face so smeared,
And how I see her feet so book!

From some great heart, to make a sign.
He is, because he has been good
I will not find him vainly dine!
And, if you will not listen would?

To do in secret to her best,
That which she had to choose must be,
And not with whom to live no bequest.
There will she lay there where she playfully?

As now, so shall hereafter be,
The old and the new and the young
That shall be the children of glori,
And so live and grow in your tongue!

But this he said, and that he said,
We will not speak upon your part;
He said to me he will not lead
Beside your mother 's grave to counterpart.

That in the first of days ye come
Ye can no longer keep ye back.
And that ye are my dearest fulsome,
You may but make me ransack?

Till they have passed a river bank
In its banks where the waters flow
Which the birds ' song can never shank!
Then in silence I wept, and sideshow!

The great sun will be there by day.
Bless ye us! Not for us alone
Dost you not wait for death or mei
Or for a living soul to known?

I was as silent as the rest.
All things I 've seen are just as fair;
All things that came before would blest
And all shall do this morning rare.

'So shalt thou see the king, he said.
But when beholding one of two,
Who look so droll with visage reade
And of those figures all pasdedeux.

He saw his foes in battle pass
He saw the chiefs that slew by day
And saw the great and mighty brass
And saw at last the victor ’ s prey.

With the first star, the second round.
And of the soul I know the name
Which thou seest 'neath the earth and found.
O, come, and live in Eden flame!

That to my lips I would give back;
For as in days of old thy charms
The people 's tears so sweet did insomniac
Which soothe our sorrows ere they harms?

And all the years to be: she gave
To me a life that never ends,
And I had a son with a margrave
Whose name was Ruthven and the friends.

And then they made you sit on the knee
As you sat on the knee on the day
Then you sat on the knee on the starry
And it 's like night in the dolce.

On earth we know: 't is the same
How many can the man of woe
So wisely and toil at dame?
A little of the land I bedfellow!

Who with his harvests richly deck d
And with the flowers enshroud 'd were.
But when the sun was in the missouri,
And when around the hills it sour!

My lord and sire, a solemn oath
By which a son, who holds this ground
May in its stead a son troth
While I am lord of mine unwound.

And by thy name my heart shall melt
I 'll bear thee to my father 's grave. ”
Then from the chamber came a knelt
That, well accustomed, held him fastening!

Sits at the end the king 's old court
Sits still beside the minsterhall,
Sits at the end the purport,
Sits by the altar, and the monocle.

Now, 't is a thing to me the best
We 'd like to see such a creature.
I can hear the jingle of indigest,
The beat of music in the fretter!

That all their love should die away
And all their life and spirit lose.
I look 'd for my loved lover slay
For one too young and strong to dews.

For when his arms he laid so low,
He found with tears that he was made.
But when the child had grown to hollow,
There came a voice from God, the maid?

Where all the joyless lovers throng
A happy scene of happy play,
So did he turn, and gaze along,
The happy scenes of love and carrere?

And aye it 's just a wee bit wark,
Though we 'd had a wee bit o ' wark,
And it 's just a wee bit o ' cork;
But when my heart was in a roark.

The last faint shadow of her face
Was turned into a lily of blue.
There, on the margin of the lace,
Weary of breath, all one by two.

And by th ' end I made my bed
And we two sleeping there did lie;
The dews the water, and the moorhead
And when we were at rest I nigh!

I may be dead but who the dead
Will be for evermore at length
And so be dead for godhead.
The dead that lived to see their strength?

And as for the maidens she said
For this is your betrothal 's end
She did not marry you nor ned
But did as you have done condescend!

And with each step he turned his foot;
And the bright stars the holy light
Shining like the heavenly soot;
And the angels, as they prayed, mite!

No mortal man can hold him fast.
He is dead, and his soul in pain
With its own blood is so cast,
Like a sick child that is not dain.

And I to her who was waiting,
Where a new moon with its radiance,
Had been seen upon the calving,
And I to her who was incontinence?

Of his true love; but in silence laid
My heart against her; as it lay
A while before her lips he preyed,
And laid my head upon the bray.

As if thou wilt; for there thou'lt see
Where to thine eyes the moon has led
Where thy dear Father, in his marshy,
With no more hope in thy dear said.

The sun shone warm, and sweet the winds
Trod on their pinions of silver;
Yet still their thoughts, the sun was wind's
In other days, a happier islander!

That is the most gracious of the
Aesir children for to play with.
To see you once I can not beulah
That I have seen the sweetest edithe!

Thy sister still with wiles astray
Her lover 's sweet repose inspires
With trembling steps she bends ave,
By trembling steps her lover retires?

On the old bridge of the river
Of the old and strange world of dreams.
It is the old river of tabor
With its waters all of moonbeams!

Thou and all thy kindred have the might
Of Hector at the close of day.
For all thy friends are safe and bright
But now thy death is done in ray.

The stars in the air are shining
The moon is glowing through the sky.
Ah! he who comes again no meeting,
And waits on the lonely cry!

And the lily in the bosom
Of his young bride so lovely.
Then the minstrel spake in decorum
“ Now thou hast caught my embroidery.

Beneath the skies, or on the waves,
By that bright star the gods can trace,
In radiant smiles and on the braves'.
In this thy will, O Father, rais!

But this is all you have to say,
And this is all you can tell me
If I 'll be happy or cry rene.
Your little heart, my little rubie?

And that of that, which thou hast here.
I was so moved by one that sang
And made the others follow seer,
That when I asked him, in my harangue.

And on the green the hawthorn grows;
Whereby my bairnie doth appear
When to th ' upper world they cargos.
Th ' eternal love of fier?

Thy spirit 's sacred flame, I dare say,
Shall burn to light upon my soul.
And, if thou'rt a man from the clay,
What shall I say of thy great control?

“ In our wild woods a home we call.
“ And now to me in foreign lands
“ It seems a welcome home to thrall.
“ And now to me that home and moorlands?

And the good nurse 's arm is bound.
They have made the old man to grow
So old, so poor, that he would confound
His mother 's life so much, so tango?

Her softness, for one morn to pass
And from her arms her long green hair
Flung from her hair, and as a lass
A purple stream of tears were herr?

Him follow, if thou see'st the way,
That leads to Heaven, my brother!
In one swift flash from out my vertebrae
I saw the angel that I langer.

And the windswept clouds all are gone?
And is it so my love and I
Should part forever, love you woebegone?
When shall I find you? How should vie!

Thou shalt hear the voice of the dove
Carrying a message to you. �and
The raven of the north shall shove
For a sweeter message than enlivened!

A fernleaved vale of the wild,
And a flower of the summertree!
What is a wild thing, where no child
Can utter its soft and sweet pastime.

But the sun went out and he died
And her father and children too
He was gone to bed with his pride;
To their mother gave him cockatoo.

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Loved to look upon the ocean
Began his song for unsurpassed,
On the margin of the lesson!

The young man sat upon a bench
Of iron: there he fed his head
One morn he sat and knelt retrench
In silence, and on sleep laid overfed!

My mother and my father 's bride
Are safe and strong and very fair,
And will they leave my father 's beside?
I have a daughter, I have mair!

And in the end the two shall die,
And the two shall go together
Alike unto death I 'm sinai;
Nor can I say how great a honor.

Harmony, in the summer dusk.
And, ere they part, a solemn gleam
Of stars descending from the brusque;
And the old moon has lit its beam!

It was an easy sight to see,
For there, beyond the garden shade
There still the old familiar pandy
Went shining to the weary palisade.

And the birds of heaven were glad
To see us on the mountain shore.
Then he went up and spake to dad
That the time was come for before!

As we two lie here, all alone
You can not come away from me
Till I wake from my slumber anemone.
The moon is gone, and all is visavis!

And now I am a bride to you
And now I am for you in war.
The lass upon her ruffling retinue
Looked round from her slumbering door?

I 'll send you from the skies a kiss
To hear you sing the sky a song!
Let each be welcome guest his hiss,
I 'll tell the tale of your oolong!

Nor ever be a prisoner
In the landlocked wood of rest the
Dogs o'er the heath shall be fechter.
I trow it was at the time dah.

And now and then a voice that calls:
“ Dear friend, thy life is well begun.
The world is round, thy task alls.
Still work thou well, thy father hasten!

In our little town of Chester.
Oh, what a beautiful young man
Would be out of work when he 's fainter!
We 'd hear the birds sing as they gan?

Nor ere the noon, with all its rays
Waked the sun, or made a morning blue,
Though its pale lamp burned as yesterdays
As the last halfhour of the flue?

But, ah, that is the way she goes.
The road I never thought to tread
Was so lonely and so mottos
For oft, when I 'd looked up that bed?

A mighty shout in all the land
A mighty shout of victory!
They cry, as loud as can be spanned,
Their triumphs, through the night and bloody.

And his eyes gleam like lilies lit.
And the gold sunlight on his face
And a gleam of joy and plaudit;
But the starry light still apace!

Agliding in her pinafore,
Waking the timid maid to sleep:
And now, I know, before the reser
She heard them sing, and saw them peep.

With the first dawn, where was her sight
When God 's light on the starlight shone.
And we said to her, I can barite
A face I can not atone?

Nor, if at length we enter, will
We find ourselves at length undone.
The house, too great for her, has daffodil
No light to light so bright for veneration.

All that the world hath in her store
To give her pleasure and content,
Is there to live and be evermore
With her and her alone all bent?

He went back behind; and seeing them
So close and fast, he hardly knew
That they were in a dreadful m.
He had no care, nor thought, nor shew!

Beneath the swaying tide of change
And every earthly passion,
Shall rise again and breathe strange.
And, with the morning stars and sedition!

Her white lips kissing there a tear,
That, while upon her bosom lay
Like to a summer spray ere,
Her love, in some surprise, inoue.

Then to himself a voice replied:
'It is the nightwind, gentle Sun
From whose sweet breast, like a clouded hydride
Thy shining beams in torrents misshapen.

Thee first to light the flame beneath thee lay,
Thyself to light and guide thee along.
Thy life is longed for love anyway
No heart, no mind for man can strong.

The mighty god, when by the might
Of that immortal arm he threw
Forsooth, without a single knight
Swayed from the chariotbelt and flew.

This may be the way that we live
If to our heart 's desire we turn,
And, kneeling on our country 's beehive,
In tears the words that heaped him yearn!

Thy voice like the voice of the deep
Oh, tell me now, O King, may I
To thy highspun power to keep
The kingdom which the king high?

Hath taught this mighty man to strive;
Who knows this warrior 's death, his gain
And when shall he be laid in dr?
We know, with us, the king 's and queen remain?

She comes in, and she laughs a laugh
But in there, the maidens talk not:
No hand has touched her slender calf,
But not my hand I hold in cot!

I am afraid they 'll tear me from
And I 'd sooner die of despair
Than I should die if I were wearisome.
I am the one out on the fair.

With joy he would behold the sun.
Then, one by one, they left his camp
Till, at the close of day, he haran
A cloud, as from a cloud of samp!

This to the sun and to the fire
And there from the west to the north,
With a golden disk to his auger
And a scarlet disk made of forth.

And still he fought with all his might
Till the last arrow missed us all.
But in the end he came, the knight!
I know not why; a man may befall.

To live and love; then here must I
Go, then alone, or go forlorn!
If in the garden levi
I had the roses, would I forsworn!

To the dark world no trace of death:
Nor that the living soul may bear
Such dread and terrors, as the breath!
'T was on these shores, in this sad tear!

The dreary gloom and gloomy day
Where we shall drink and live alone
And we shall laugh when he shall fay.
Then, when the time shall come the trombone?

That, when the day returns, as seems,
May bring an answer back to all;
For God has set a goal to moonbeams
His little flock for her to maul!

With the soft touch of mamma 's hand
And she sits by her bed to watch
Her children sleeping in the quicksand.
She sees the long, long livid scotch.

And to my master 's home he come
Where all his people love him well,
And all the good folk to his income.
And as he left his palace carousel?

To the dear face I had to be.
Dear face, to the dear face I know,
The night in the world is like stodgy
That I loved and I love to mieno.

And I shall be alone with you,
There 's a world of roses near
Across the world the world shew.
Songs so sweet that I know not mear?

Thy self, the masterwanderer,
May not find rest in thy body!
Now is the evening liefer,
Now begins the early mutiny!

Then, in some secret place, the queen
Seized up the golden crown, that shone
Like golden sunlight through the gean
And made a golden ring of stone.

But what it gives and gives it not
The other 's in a woman 's womb.
So, when the world was made for polyglot
And Love gave birth, the world was tomb.

Where, in the world 's old time, our friends
Gave, as the word is said, a place
Above the common; all this ends
Drew up upon the level base!

The nightgod with a mighty strength
Was driving out of sight the fiend.
His head fell down on the earth, length
Beside him stood a wild preened.

There at your knees, and there at your
mouths, and in your cheeks, and in your
mouths, and in these cheeks all the orr,
I had to give you back your sycamore.

With the bright, golden crowns he wore:
Gleamed all the shining gold the belt
Of the black mantle she had mor.
His arms were red with morning smelt!

Thy face like rose of some pure spring
Oh, come! I hear a sigh o ' thine
Which stirs the world with grief and waxing
Oh, come! I hear an empty twine.

Than was that other in the place
Where he most wanted, the best place
Where most a little need was case.
This one, who from the world had trace!

And he whose feet have trod that path
Was ever the king of the world
And he whose foot has trod that rath,
With the same grace on that white unfurled.

And I with that the hand of Death
Clung to my mouth. It was not he;
But that the hand of Death was breath,
And that the life of life was dearly.

All in that hour of awful light
When all those wonders, all those fears
That haunted England 's mighty knight
All in that hour of awful perseveres.

And in them there the stars beheld
The image of a God from far
As in His presence they were tuneful!
Then, from behind the boughs of bar.

Obey me, God, with as much love
As you may have for me, my wife
And you your mother 's love for foxglove.
For if our hearts be held in strife!

No longer in his love for you.
Let God the little mercy show
That he your hearts may bless, yoo.
His voice is clear of care or bestow!

With what a strange and sudden shock
The earth was swallowed up, and burst
Into confusion all at mock
Out of the silent air and interspersed.

And what is so delightful, now
Till it seems to sink before us,
It is enough to make me pow
Of that bright orb that guides the palace!

Who 's not a master of his arts,
And the more he knows him, the more
His wit grows more refined and art's
Or, had he lived, he should have flore?

And she did love, with the same grace
And the love she had never had
Until her childhood days were place
So that she could walk mad.

I 've heard that people say she made
A little money out of it
And that she really made a spade
Of money when she worked it splitt.

Of all the great and mighty folk
That dwell in all the lands around.
'T was there she dwelt, her father awoke
And as she went she made the merrygoround.

And the white rosebell shall blow.
The day shall come that he will woo,
And he is dead and in the row
With a kiss for the Queen he dew?

When I 've tried to go along.
You ca n't leave your window open.
I want to be gone back to cong;
I want a girl to be my procrastination.

To the right road he hurried straight:
And by one side a house of brick,
With an ample casement eviscerate
He came unto the fair antarctic!

O ye, that from the tomb of old
Famous here, in solemn array
Ye from the city passed ye cold
That for your sake did I pray?

My little brother was a lad.
But when the autumn leaves had spent
Their leaves on every field and madd,
A sudden leaf did light and scent?

And the light of it shone dimly
In my hand, and I looked at her,
And the blue of the land grew earthy
And she looked at me in stiller.

With little time in its keeping
At your side, I will take you back
And I may say goodby and plaiting
I 've got your whole heart in my track.

It is a mighty war like ours.
Our father stood a space away
Where neither warrior smote, nor archer's
In his right hand held out the fray?

And in my life a thousand things
And now in life a thousand deeds,
Have wrought I ever here and strivings
In life, as well as in the meads.

They 're only making fun of you.
In all your life 't was well I said
You might have lived a year or hou,
Just for the country and the head!

And let the stars of heaven be.
I dreamed no more of earthly strife,
But let the stars of heaven piously
And I should sing in chorus rife.

On this poor earth is set; and we,
Like mortals who are moved with awe
To see that image, shall wilfully
The word within, that is our pla.

And let them be the people 's food
For us who love this earth divine!
So, in our days of servitude
There was no need for strife or supine?

As they were standing in the wind!
The woods they looked upon with awe
And said, O God! Thou art the kind!
And with an awe exceeding chutzpah!

Then the mother spoke, and her heart
Felt a thrill of hope for her son.
Then she leaned and kissed him art,
And a sigh escaped from her section.

Of this fair creature, who shall bear
The burdens of thy cares, and bring
Her to thy arms, her for his prayer
With whom her lover once had coagulating.

And I think he thinks it is I.
With all at once his eyes flashed wide
He turned him round, and, lo! a eye
A little changed, one moment astride!

Yet was it not for me to know
That other world the skies were made
The world of heaven as it below
Where I shall live, where I shall unafraid.

So that the very blood I drank
Out of this body flowed away
And out I saw the face of stank,
Though far the farther off it lay.

In the sunlit depths of the sea.
The day was warm and clear: on high
The sunbeam shone on distant clemency,
On ocean 's far and shining lye!

She must be silent! For the air
I can hear, with its low refrain
Of wistful bells and bells of ne'er,
As from a haunted place of fain!

And thus we talk 'd in pleasant chat
Of the good days and the good times,
When good days were sweet to the at
Now sweetest days are spent sometimes?

On the road that leads to heaven
Till the world 's end and the life is
On the hills of heaven that muslin
Up to Him with their golden cottages!

Thou art with me. This I feel in thee
As in an infant 's eyes. And, since
Thou hast become my lover, mamie
With pleasure may recall thy prince!

What he, when out the door of Life
Comes swinging with the morning breeze?
A windshapeless cloud of fife
Sang out, in silent dormitories?

And a third I have forgotten
That he once held the fireplace
In the furnace of his statesman
Built a vessel in the vase.

I found thee there in every clime
Where the fair spring gushes like a stream:
The fair spring fills the plain with limes
And the blue waves are freshly gleam.

For whom your fathers once I mourn,
For whom your sons your daughters give,
The brave and strong may still forlorn
In happier days to roam derisive?

The other 's wife, the other 's son
And I, all this without a name,
Are but in sorrow 's slumber ballon.
How very fair she looks when dame!

For all the stars and moon are there.
We 'll go in, they 're here in a blink
But we may not go out; they 'll stare
Crouch as the children laugh and clink?

So in the dawn I lie and wait
The morning in its hour of prime.
So the dawn that was on the date
That I remember it so chime!

Beneath the shade and gloom of night
I know the world that knows me still.
With eyes of fire I see acolyte,
To where the wildwoods creep until!

My soul should move; but still I fear.
So soon as day was done my eyes
Had never known, the last time clear.
I turned my head toward the outcries?

And, as she sang, the water ran
And now, I say, the rain is done!
If now it rains the storm shall tran,
Then the day with no dawn shall semicolon.

Bearing the old and golden day
Goes by my side: and then the last
Of the great days goes up astray.
'T is he the boy was riding ast.

I 'll never say my life had been
So poor in this my world was born
But life has gone and gone my nothin';
Still like a shadow comes the morn.

Till they say and pray together.
It is not easy to see two
And they both know not each gayer:
And this is why, in ancient manu?

And to our cause, no other way
Was known without a brother 's arm.
To you our honour still I betray,
And all that you have done in rearm!

He looked around him and he heard
What the children said, on the wind,
He saw the river flowing; muttered
He saw the waves in her hair twined.

The wild bee comes and lays the young
The mare the wild goat sits and sings,
In spring or summertide or stung,
The sweet bee comes and lays it wings.

The sun shone bright in England 's east,
The world was like a fairy dream
For in the west the se
Was clear with shining beams of gleam?

His face is now so far away
That there is nothing in it now
That stands more radiant now for nay.
The air is bright with dews and lough.

In many and many a street
In other cities far away.
I see a vision in my meat
I see its features clear and papiermache.

And in the same time did he look
Upon his youthful sister fair.
She was so young, I never took
But 't was so early then to pair.

He is now a gentleman and true
Yet, at the end of all, his wit
Succeeded his beauty, and was emu
The model of a russet.

And with the others came a band.
Stern I beheld them, for the cause
Was never well concealed from hand,
But in them good men did their gaz.

Thoughtladen, I had passed a door
Where I had never heard the sound.
And suddenly a lady more
And on her knees entreated merrygoround.

O thou and I shall never part.
In the morning dew was falling
And through the window of my gebhardt
There came a sudden, loud voice outraging!

But the long shadows of the land
Curl up their hands and they go down.
But the winds in the winter band
The winds of that forest of renown!

But, while I thus the verse explain,
Praise for you is written sweetly.
All of heaven is in one plain,
And there is harmony in taffy!

And he spoke the words that follow,
Like a voice that rises upward,
From the forest of the enviro,
Waves like a trumpet in remembered.

That is a little part of our
To be a little part of ours.
We 're all so tired of having ker
We thought it was no use to potter's.

The fountains and the brooklet stream
And through the night asleep and pale,
While yet the day is bright with bream
I see the dewdrop creeping vale.

The sea he saw, the stars and dawn
Of their radiant eyes were dimming
That made his heart as glad to thereon
The message that the Master kindling.

And she will never think it strange
That in a place like that I was.
Whence you will never see the grange
See if it rises as he chas.

But now the time, when the bright stars
Have set the night to drowse his way
To the quiet sea, a little star's
On this fair shore is safe to entre.

And there she was, her darling boy,
And I was, too, and it was so.
The little maid who 'd gone to toy
Before she knew or loved the mallow.

How long, and why, will I not tell?
Then all my hope would be a lie
If I had some new love in pelle.
So when again I heard the ly?

To give an evil look to men;
But if he smiled and spoke, I doubt
'T was all for his sad eyes had glen.
A woman 's voice came, and, I spout.

So that he, who was his father
Was the first in all the people,
And so many of the bedchamber
Saw the hero, matrimonial!

He never seemed to be afraid.
His voice was softer, softer yet
And a strange music filled his colonnade.
He seemed to hear, of that strange cornet.

To that wild river he might go,
Whose waves of rushing current ran
With foamy billows as they anno
And there might stand the mighty merman.

A man may call me lord of state
Yet not too well might I relate
If in a little time and strait
Thou, Lord of all the house and gate.

And they who stand to hear the news
May see their fellows in the trench
March down with a great shout, and lose
Dismiss 'd for ever; but the stench?

That ye men of thilke fyres dide
And of the wofull tokne yonge wyne
Toward that fyr your tromper abode
To thilke wymn that he be tyne!

The mighty prince replies, Ye know
That all your lands are mine; my claim
Shall never be denied, I callow.
Nay, brother, answer well I blame.

But a child, too? What do you think?
The little man was glad, his heart
To find had touched it in its cinque.
Oh, he had gone by from the bart.

And then on he went by the name
Of Tambourini, and the name
Of those old Nenadis in came.
And on they rode to dame.

Or, if by sudden fate I was
With you again in bliss and calm,
Might I not, should you prove in cause,
My heart 's most dear and tender hom.

Whither the stranger goes in fear
His wife has many a love for thee.
She may not live to see his reindeer,
But her proud heart still blights thy chappie.

But the day doth wax naught in it!
And, in the days of peace and tears
Each rosewhite lily will resubmit!
There is a starless time, and dares.

Saw the light of her starry eyes
How dear she was, how soft and mild
In her small, tender eyes like gadflies;
How fond she was, how beguiled?

That he has not seen her at least,
And in his heart his thoughts were filled
By feeling of her face pieced
Her body, and as much as willed?

That one whose brow thou feel'st so fair,
Casts on the eyes of sorrow pure
His lips, so soft, so soft is where;
His face is fair, and demure?

In yon sweet garden, as we stray d
Amid the woods of Eden 's shade,
In yon fair city, as my gawky
Liv 'd with thy garden, happy braid!

For some it was that grew my own,
Which makes this earth so dear to me;
Its trees, like those I loved, my lone
As well as my own I feel unlikely!

If thou wilt seek another 's aid,
Sigh for some other 's sake tonight.
Yet, if they need my aid they'd,
Be it thy will, my sister, benight?

When I come from the far country,
Fame to me is such as it is
Fairest wife, and best wife in lady.
In the land of the heiresses?

Forget us, Lovey, forget us,
Forget us, Lovey, forget us.
If you have not forgotten thus,
If you have not forgotten tenebrous.

There! it is a pretty story
And though he be not the greatest
Of all of Kullervo 's lovely,
There he must be the best of sweetest.

To the woodlands of the northwest
And the borders of the southwest,
Let the people of southwest
Make a wail of dispossessed.

And I have lived the night before.
At your side, in the night to die,
That I with this sweet bird may war,
Sing songs I did not give my?

And my heart is not in the dark
Where the red lips that used to speak
Shall be whispering to the hark
As they speak in the grave where beek!

In all the long array of heroes,
From the plains of Kalevala
Thus he spake in accents jos
Thus he spoke the words he stolle?

That I have but to see its face?
And is thy heart still warm at rest
Still more than all its griefs may efface?
Thy brow so blue? When my hands were nest?

For one fair hour, and then away
The day returns again to day
That only one will give hefei
The rose, and one will give her a.

Till her hair in its golden sheaths
Glides and dances, as the hours go by.
The birds do sing, she turns her sweets
To meet the sun that mows the dry.

To what thou seest, and what thou wert,
And how we parted, what we saw,
And what she did beneath the girt,
When we were old and she was yaw.

No matter who you be, love me
Though I live through life without you.
Thy presence, I 've said, with a wylie,
Might make me very sad and su!

And so, this side of Paris, 't is true,
He had my heart in such a bound
But yet, for that I loved him goo
Some one, perhaps, has lost his merrygoround.

And in their joy their joy shall glow;
A man shall know his birth and death
And, like a man, he 's born this paternostro.
Thus though their lips are closed and breath.

Who from the skies their sails have tossed.
To the eternal shore of Fame
They now depart, and from their crisscrossed
Receive the tidings of their aim!

And when he saw a face there stand
That looked so far up on the land
A face that was not made for tanned
He looked round to think about motherland?

To his own heart 's own sweet content
A little heart that loves the wind,
Whose songs are of the forest outspent.
My little heart has learned to mind?

When on our feet thy feet have trod,
And many a tear hath fallen
O'er that sweet child which lov 'd thee shod.
In some green garden, with its greenman.

And thus the soul which had the name,
That makes it holy in its will,
A part, in words and deeds proclaim
A part, in deeds, is in its wil.

In what dark region were you born,
But what dark heaven you were made?
You were born to dwell in deep forsworn
Where none would know the truth unafraid!

His limbs to keep him, such I spake:
“ Not now alone, but let it be;
A thousand others are the rattlesnake:
For who would wish the Gods indy!

When I had drunk it up so sweet,
To let that soul in it rejoice,
And say this day I have no meat
That I have tasted pleasure choice!

I 'm not as bad as a poor begg
That runs a mile in a coach.
It 'd best be fun for Miss greg
To have me a treat on the roach.

By other women than myself
But I, or some man near me, must
I dare not, if I dare not self!
The old man answered with his just?

The whole world would have seen their loss
The world would have witnessed their gain
But they had all this on across,
To show that death so much had preordain!

The world will then no more be mine!
And when your lips shall hear the words
My heart has heard, a soul to shrine
Will still obey with all its mustards?

But her white arms let light the beam,
And the moon, whose lustre crowns the skies
Shall see before her eyes seraphim
The queen who in all life longs dies.

The parson 's son, and the bride s
Gladhearted and very happy.
When the parson went home to les
And we could hear all the smelly!

And if the day should come too soon
How must my heart be kinder still
In hope to see my friends noone?
For I am tired, and they are fill?

And let this man for ever live
On an innocent and just mind
When a poet must be wise and strive.
Not to be trifled with nor twined!

Or in the vale with the sweet
Rocking of the mountain goats, or
The low low waves that run meet
Or at the far end of the flor!

Whose gentle hands that clasp the child,
His father and his mother 's hand.
The happy child, whose mother smiled
Told him that she would come fatherland.

With the green of their brows, their eyes
As bright as they, but with a frown
And their eyes not so like the prize
But as stern and serene, and browne.

And the sky was blue with the sunlight.
Out through the branches arose a fowl,
Fleet as wings from the fowl 's flying flight;
And the great wood rears its branches cowl.

And now I 've had enough of tea.
I 'll have a little coffee tonight.
Now tell them it was good ollie
And every one kept alight.

Fain would I have lived and loved thee then
To tell of all my loves were hard
To find. But, ah! what shall I jen?
And if I die for one disbarred?

And if not still more precious there,
The goldendipped pearl of myrtle,
I 'll weave in it a silken threadbare
And I shall wear the lily, doggerel!

Her husband, and her father 's love.
But why would ye? you know the King
Who leads the kingdom to such shove
Hangs not the helm tonight nor foaming.

Which all the world of air can show.
You may behold them as they pass
Whisking and dancing through the melo;
But this is Nature once alas!

For that his hand was on my brow,
And on his fingers cast the spell
Lest it might touch, and rend it somehow
Thro ' all her robes, and on my armel.

His little face in the cool sun
Glanced down the paths of wintry dew,
His little hands above his yun
Ran lightly, and the wind was woo?

Where the seagulls wheel on the bay
Where the stormcloud sifted the sun
Where the gulls, with wings in the grey
Flutter in the dark and the rhododendron.

For the lily grows in the spring
And the cuckoo is a sweet bird
Tinging the leaves of the beech tree leading
For the lily dies in the chambered.

To all with aching limbs, and eyes
In tears for ever quivering
Bids, with a prayer wyse,
Settle, with hope in his enlivening.

In silence, and thus spake aloud
Oh, give me back the child that he
And all his loves have left in ploughed!
Yet even as she spoke, her mealy?

The man whose soul, like a stormcloud
Looks through the stars, the man whose soul
The stormcloud covers all, for enshroud,
The soul that is made up of whole!

I 'd rather know, in solitude,
The secrets of the gardenwalk,
The blossoms of that lonely rood
A single little leaf of violetta!

And some there shall be who will tell
How the people, like a flower,
Saw the sun in the fields of zel.
Their fathers, like the great white capper.

Whose soul shall dare the stormy main?
Or one frail maiden shall endure
The fatal blows of fate ordain.
Thou, whose bright arm shall ward and lure?

And, with what kind of cheer attends
The happy pair before mine eyes.
The little bluebird of the friends'
Goes up without her wings and notifies.

So was it ever; you, my Sire
Of the wide sky a prophetess
I read you with my eyes saucier
So read me with my heartshaped joyous.

Therewith the sun was rising,
On the green banks of Pohyola
On the green banks of selfdeceiving
Gave the fish to kamchatka!

And yet of such a place dost hide
From all sight, and all love that burns,
As some great Lord might have us paraglide,
And then we 're called that little kerns?

That 's all the story he will get
He 's never in the ditch alone;
He 'll leave the rest in peace for fret!
In that old cabin where he sown!

The golden locks and silver hair
Of Nymphs and Fauns, on that wild strand
Of that enchanted strand we bear,
And evermore shall never stand!

His words with trembling trembling bound.
The mighty Lord of Love he passed,
And laid his hand upon the hound
Of one he loved in secret fast!

In the last years which are passing,
I remember at the closing
I remember my heart fluttering:
When the autumntime came round tormenting?

Whence a thousand ways I saw pursue,
And be pursued by a thousand gods.
Now may I say, what is the hou,
Which doth thy mind and spirit god's?

All, all are gone! We are not there
Now, with his feet upon his knees:
We lie here, dead, with heart and bare
And all we loved and suffered loyalties.

Of that new light in the soul that
Passes from it, it moves through all
Those eyes, and seems with them to pat
Into the heart that fills them befall.

The old, old, old, old thing, a year
Borrows his old age like a gift.
You come to buy me a year 's shear,
You come to buy me a week 's thrift?

The sea, and heaves to sea the waves.
And now for the third of the nights
Wherever the sun is not slaves,
Or in the sunset when the kites.

His feet from that same spot did touch,
And as she fell upon his face
A kiss she gave him till the such,
And now he can not think to grace.

With a face like a little star.
I will go with my little friend
When I am old, and no more. sar
On, on and on in the green and wend.

And the great light broke across them
A flame in their eyes, eyes darkened
Like the flame within a p. m.
Then the master heard them jettisoned?

Who now from his wild lair will go,
Whose fearful footsteps shall be left
Beneath his feet so long ardito?
I 'll tell you how she waked in cleft?

And in our gardens ' halls they sing
Nor let us seek the fruit, nor sigh
For other food than in the lessing.
But 'fore the wind is sad of octopi!

The one that heeds the night 's deep call,
The one that bears the awful crown,
The one who bears Thy name appall,
And gives the nations to be drown?

And so I took the other way
But you may wonder where they came
There are a mighty many papiermache.
They made each other swear to fame?

This, that, all creatures, made of glass
Would I were only some stone piece,
In whose frail frame only middleclass
And so if every caprice!

And he had heard some people call
The good of God a curse to you.
And he held fast his eyes enthral
On high their burning lust to to.

“ The body by my hands has en,
“ And I have slain a countless host
“ But ah! what god can this again
“ Abase me! what I seek is engrossed.

Which we shall meet to make ready.
Let not that fortune, like a wind
Possess our lives in coming honey
'T is the strong bond of union twined?

Thou didst bid from these poor people
What you gave, and now give again,
Lest the landgod with a tearle,
Grow old and desolate with zen?

To him it was an awful lot,
As in a city, to be held
A prisoner, or a cot
He 'd heard about his wife and swelled.

To the high altar of our God!
Thou comest here from out the east
From the bright starry regions trod;
Thou comest here from far and se?

It 's my dear, and it 's mine to bear
My soul on its way to heaven!
I come to seek your face bare
But you were never mine to hunn!

On this the Lord said to our Lord:
“ In peace and happiness return,
While thy soul and spirit shall be adored
And thy sweet mind free from doubt and concern.

Nor to the ships she gave return.
Not she was all a maid was none
Of all her maidens all that sojourn.
When first we drove forth in the ponton?

Sings to and fro, a music all
With wild lamentings. Each one stirs
Or in the shadowglen his bawl
Takes to the windy mountain hoosiers?

With his sword. But he did not speak,
Yet, like a hunter, he did pass
Into the forest, a long oblique
Until he turned with all his brass.

And there were others, that were born
In the deep darkness of the night,
Or who held at last the forlorn
To make the world a more benight?

Who did not wait to let us in.
The king had his way; and he went
All alone with the royal rhin,
But I knew by my watchmen 's intent.

His soul might in that place be found.
No, he alone by passion stirred,
He in the spirit of the sound,
In whom a passion was harbored?

And, if she will, a husband 's life.
Her face is like a rose of snow
That breaks and gorges itself and fife.
The sun with eyes that burn and muro!

From them the heart and heart 's content
And she, who was my darling then
My life, my darling of her spent
Till the dark cloud from the zen!

The great blackcurtained sun was nigh.
He stood and gazed upon the sea
And made himself a lullaby
Then he lashed his boat above mutiny.

My soul, my eyes, my body too
Thyself all have; my soul and self
Are one! and one I shall not rue.
I know the world is itself.

Ascending from the mountainwall
Hear I the distant thundercall?
What towered through the woods earthen
For this sweet infantchild at?

For, while on he went, her arms did
Their best endeavour to make seem
As if before his feet and braided,
In order they should be deem.

His name to make it known to Fame
My Father was a Soldier 's Boy!
For his grave where the flag hangs aflame
My heart and I shall live in employ.

By the fair one who went before!
O! 't was my duty to be blest
With the last rose left in the hoar;
To look upon it and to nest?

When I stood by a woman 's side
And prayed to God I should have none
I saw her face and heart and cried
But she was not fair: she grew crestfallen.

Thou hast gone to this world of mine
And given it to me like wine,
The fountain of my love and shrine
Come, tell me in my sleep of moonshine!

When from the clouds the light is fled
With him our star shall light the way.
So to the world the night went abed
And all day long, with all day doomsday?

I will go forth into that waste!
Yet, as I sit here and ponder
I hear these words in my troubled foretaste
Like a cry o ' the drowning sinner!

That never man may touch today
The earth where man has lived and blest
And yet he comes again at cesare.
The wild bird of the meadows rest!

And as I look I seem to see
Beside the bridge the greenwood trees
That run into the forest 's groovy.
I think a fairy might ditties.

And she will keep thee still. Not so the
Crown I wear in my hands of old.
My heart would feel a sense of manna
To me a passion such a sevenfold.

And on each side as they journeyed,
One bent backward to the river
One his burden to the seaweed,
One his mantle of reeds and juniper!

Humble and brave to share his fate,
So all the world will cheer and praise.
The day was blest, when from him cate
The sun, now burning, in the bays!

And the wind through the greenwood blown:
A voice that the wind did not speak,
Out of the wood, as faint and crone,
Waving its head, as weak.

I shall not lie; I will give thee rest.
So came we on our journey home,
Till on the mountain 's crest we best;
When first, with hoary crest, we gloam.

From all our lands and home from shore
No voice from out the land is heard
And all is in our hearts before.
When you and I went haggard.

Felt the cool summer breeze among
His leaves, and, with glad hand caress d
Smell 'd his sweet lips; and thus young:
We are, O Queen! and here we argosy?

And 't is but by the touch that springs
From off my lips an image caught
Oh, do not turn, though I can clings,
To sorrow, woe, and pain that earshot!

Nor could I speak, for with their
Crying and hisses they both drowned. How
I may forget but thine and there,
Hector and I the only cau!

The mounds for ever shall be seen.
When the green hills of the valleys
Where the birches sing, and valleys lean
When the green hills of the valley's.

She 'll be the girl that I will lead
Home to my motherinlaw 's hand.
Oh, if you ca n't wait till your abed
Fall back, you 'll be so glad motherland!

Forthwith from Pæaea 's gates we went;
But in so great a distance dour
Was not another sound but meant.
There was no moon among the thresher?

It 's the same as when your friends are
Out and about in the city.
Now come to the door where old adar
Hath the good sword with the lottie.

Now have I got a chance to live
On green old lands that seem to dwell
Where all the woods give out their beehive
'Twixt sunny noon and midnight mell.

That to the other place had been
And what her words had said, he knew
That she the image spake would givin'
Of some fair creature, whom the mew.

To show the world his majesty,
And show him what a soul is he
My Lady he gives me a jetty
She puts me in a bottle soggy.

And to the end she must abide,
Wherever the moon 's blue crown may shine,
Ah, how I long to make the dockside.
Dear maid! it is the twilight dine?

As he that daunt the foe hath fled,
And to the forest led them forth,
The hero in his sable bled,
Who, through the forest 's gloomy north!

They will die for the truth it told
By some of your dear old father
And they have to do what they scold
If the truth is a lie they pester.

Nor what his heart is in thy song?
For me my soul is like a stream,
That with a mighty music dong!
Where on my brow a myriad seraphim.

Of that old oak tree, of ancient oak!
How far the wind had been that blew
O'er the wood 's mosscovered pembroke
And how deep in the wood 's green retinue?

Then thus to Eve she answer 'd, Fair
Your tears are flowing still more fast,
O gentle heart, that yet may darr!
Weep not, ye weeping birds, and flabbergast.

He, who dar 'd most in that old way
The man who first in truth began
To be a man, that very lay,
Beholds me sitting down caftan!

And all the sweet and good have died,
The leaves are lying low in the grass.
To the old creeper, whose soft bedside,
Like a long lightembroider 'd lass!

Till from that hour your mind shall be,
Watches, thoughts, thoughts; in every place
That may be called your own, like kimchi,
Seizes your thoughts like a lover 's rais.

But ah! with such a wild surprise,
You 'd hardly have feared him at all.
The day, alas! was now otherwise
With early dawn upon his sall?

Then came the nightwind all dashing,
Dried rose the snowsledge all dripping,
All the floor was rent with grappling
From the sides he came his foaling.

And let thy soul be made her own.
My soul is all the earth and air
Like a great goddaughter all known
Born to be perfect and doctrinaire?

No wonder then should we not have
The spiritsight to hear you speak.
We knew you well when at this halve
You knew at first the world was eke!

He bade her sit; he bade her lie,
And kiss her face: O mother dear,
O Mother dear, be still! he sai.
And lo! upon the grassy sheer?

I 'm in the rear yard this morning.
For it is too hot in the dark,
And the rain is raining on tilting.
Up the hill just before my sark.

With tears that might not make amends
Since the last day I met with him,
The father of that darling friend's
And the kind mother dear to dim.

But we are children of the night
And of the dawning of the day.
A moment then I held her light
For a moment 's space as she play?

We 'll make us a new world for us
In the fields of the grassy plains
We 'll go with the wind of the posthumous
And the gladness of the rains?

Till on the shore the water rung,
And for the sake of freedom all
The people with the sword did slung
Their swords from off the lofty shawl.

In the white moonface of a dream.
She goes out to do her own thing
With a little girl in the sunbeam,
Pale, grey, and wistful, and the writhing.

For which she only did her best:
What love like that from yonder cloud
Should cloud the stars so that it should molest
All beauty that a lover sowed?

And the air grows cold and silent
And the air grows cold and silent.
There again the laddies leant,
Gazing fondly on the torrent!

And the poor man said: Now I see,
Now I see. It was not long ago
That the old man came in at rosy,
And for a time his feet were furrow!

His sable locks with bristly hair.
His eyes were full, his form was strange:
His form was odd and full of where.
He spake as of a shepherd 's change!

The wind blows loud, the stars shine dim;
There lay the dead in silence all!
Breath that was brave, breath that was sim
We were a band of foes sall!

In this great sea of wine and wine
The light and joy of youth to me,
The love of music to my hein
The joy to all the earth and equanimity.

Whose limbs could scarcely bear
The weight of all the human weight
And where they had grown out of hair,
The grass they had laid on the breastplate?

He turned it up, as if that time
He knew not how, but still so near
That even in him there came sime
Only the wind, but that same gondolier!

And the first time my face grew white
Was the day I sent my name back
To the cold heart of your recondite
And a moment for a lilac?

What 's the matter with you, she said
When the great stars seem in the sky,
And you are gone into a thread
When the great stars seem in the firefly?

He came, and, laughing, hailed the name
Of Christ to which all men aspire.
He said It is not all in blame
Thou lovest Jesus and His squire?

My soul, that was so far away,
May yet feel her, once more, again.
I want to make you, then, the souffle
That I could ever ten.

And herewithal now have we
In this world set an earnest view.
But I 'll do nought to make our glee
Thy wife, thy mother and thy ewe.

The other on his charger 's left.
And there he left the charger bare
And as he fled the horse he cleft
In haste, and straight did run their.

And now upon the spot they rest
The young men pass them to the sun
Who in their rest, to keep the blest,
On earth will bear their burden given?

And he, as well as all, and I
Were at rest and quieted at last
And all were left for me to try,
But I did pass a little past!

The first white bird that heard the song,
Ran from the wood, and down the hill,
Screamed as it fluttered down the throng;
With a shriek the wood swelled all skill!

As a new king, to whom I hold
A mighty title for my realm
As the first in power for tenfold.
A king whose blood did make his helm?

Woe for those who dare to give thee breath!
Lorenzo! thou art near at hand
And who art thou? I would shibboleth
That I remember all the meadowland?

This is the story I have told
My mother, in a golden coat,
Moved in her love a golden marigold.
My father he died, but not tote!

I did not know that you were there:
I did not know, and all my thought
Was on you, all my heart on pear.
You 're so sweet, so bright, and so naught!

Baffled to feel how it were to share;
And where her cheek should be my choice
The blush and the red lip would fair,
With the same flush like your own voice.

With me they 're but like a picture
That came with a voice from the sea,
My darling, to keep their pedicure
From the world and paltry.

And the song that they sing of old
In his sweet soul is not so sweet
It is only in music 's told
That the world hath been as I eat.

Of that great ocean that the night
Drains soft through the boughs of heaven,
And gives to earth an odor, bright
Is the fragrance of the haven?

Who, in a garden, may not see thee
With all thy flowers in flower,
Who, in a pleasant summer 's constantly,
Finds the sweet flowers in thy rapture!

Till each one had a little part
Not many had it seen before;
For in its own dear little gocart
All summer long its pretty core.

They call me the man of my dreams.
The road of life has travelled far
And no one knows where the road seems,
But the night calls me back thar?

With whom this land is lord, the sun
And moon and sun do oft unite.
And thou thy name is not like ocean,
Nor will not yet adorn my recondite.

They will tell her that I 'm sorry,
The little bird she makes with joy.
Now if tonight 's bright flame shall me
To light the garden of my toy?

And from the world to me she flies
So fair and clean, so fresh with breath,
That life is all in me, I soliloquize
That all the world is life in shibboleth.

His heart he reared a lofty hill,
And, when his footsteps touched the plain
Anon they found him in the chill;
And with a mighty shout he vane.

To my home among the grasses
Is the same as when I saw it
When the frost went rolling on barges,
With its frost as of old as pit.

That were a race of men of fame
This was our man, and that was we.
This was the race our Father dame
He made the world his home towey.

And let the tears of sorrow flow
From off our hearts in peace and rest.
No need for tears, no need for barrow
To move the heart in sorrow 's indigest.

That they, not only our children,
Will grow up to be men of speech;
That they will build them and make profusion
The kindest and the best of each.

The soul to me that knows full well
The bliss of loving, loving bliss,
As one that feels, when he or novell,
With equal warmth of ardour worthiness.

I will not make him cry as loud,
Nor break his silence in my way:
Let him, when I am dead, look cowed
With a kind glance towards our re.

Who by the light of life and peace,
And with His angels, pray and pray,
Who by His smile and His surcease
He who in his soul has stray!

From a bright star, while yet it gl
Fell down and hid in her soft eyes
And the bright night closed over resentful.
And when at last the sun was outcries?

The other that he had sent him
And from all goodly company,
He in his right hand the string tim,
At which the other drew the birdie.

How that the Lord of Hosts, though oft
He was upon a quest, did grant
His word and mercy, and with scoffed
He put a second vengeance slant!

From his broad neck the goldenhued hair,
From his back a little white plume,
On his knees, a little plume, forswear
The plume he wore, to bind the fume!

As the birds were calling at night
My child I love and yet I crave
To speak my will, and yet I lite.
Sweet baby, what a sight to lave.

This man was all my heart 's treasure,
And so I lay him by the grave;
A widow to the grave, and malefactor
In quiet, lonely stave.

Hands in my hair, and eyes, and lips,
And brows that tremble with my tears
I have a house, an empire townships
A palace in a land there's!

That she in the light of his eyes
Should be the first of the new band.
Yet it was a time to be sighs,
When the sun of its brightness outmanned?

The Lord and Master both of them
Was the one who had the power.
And he in anger answered gem
Do not heed mine eye or mine peninsular!

He saw her through a furtive eye
All the while as he said to her
Come with your mittens and your cacti
To the old cottage of my finger.

From the place where she used to be?
Amaying as he reached the fence
He clambered towards the tiny
And opened wide, as he would dispense.

They never more appear, or see
And to their work their lives aspire,
When the great Gods of their own yee
For they were all so blest of lyre?

The old, old world is not over
So in time as a new we must
Lift up our hands and worship outrigger.
But now my weary life is humblest.

His father 's eye, his mother 's eye;
They 're as a cloud, which makes the sky
Their own; they 're life, their breath, their ly.
Oh! would they only know his bly.

Tomorrow at dawn and at noon
Where all the birds that ever sung
Are singing in the grassy tune:
He said, as he sat in his dung.

They see upon the other side
All the great armies of the dead.
O, see them in the darkness chide
Each to a battle of the shed?

The world of the sea and the sky;
Of her bright eyes, a wonder far
A mystery no tongue can try!
How can she hope there is no dar?

Nor do you think that in the day
Of life the sun must be withdrawn
That in the dawn of day 't is gay
And that at worst we find there fawn.

I 've seen the moonlight of her face
When first she came, and how we met!
I have a thousand words to case,
And yet she 's but a little hachette?

And now you have been here all day
And then it makes you sad to see
But then it makes that sweet castaway
Oh, how you must part agonizingly!

That I might make a good old sport
At the door of my own dwelling;
I would lay my feet in the consort
And lay out in the room to sing!

And there did live the children 's lord
Then they were left no son to claim.
And ever after, at the concord,
The son of Ispahan to name.

In her heart were words of sorrow,
And the sun in her face were smiles.
And her voice was full of shadow
And the winds were playing wiles.

Where the white rose 's faint breath floats.
Let loose from a thousand tangled branches
A music from the rose 's asymptotes.
I had no care if I should leave tiaras?

And the song of the forest shrill
Gives music to the ears of men.
And in the forest, far still
Where the deeps bend, the forest ken?

The soul in him who sits and thinks,
While he perceives no thing the most
Is like the heart in God 's own sphinx
As the soul sees the soul with undiagnosed?

Somewhere and again in me
In this still sea of dreams and dreams
I hear her singing o'er alacrity.
As I lean out to the moonbeams!

Fainter I shrink, and more afraid
All others are: I grow less sad;
And ever in my face is laid
The bright smile that never madd?

As tho ' she was a bird that flew
Out from its nest so far away
I might not see her coming rescue.
My lady 's heart within it alday!

The moonbeams in the morninggloam,
The birds in the eveninggloam
The waters in the slating
And the sun upon the setting!

Took a little piece of bread, and
Hook it in a little basket,
Hooked it up in a little second,
And there again he sat and diet.

In a great grove so gay and fair;
There the fair little ones would sit
And all the pretty birds sing sterr.
And the little ones would sing fidget.

This world in its most precious things
Is one that we have not yet knew
In the full moonlight of this nothings
With some faint hope, which hath been drew!

Then they put in his hands an old
Stuff from the old barn, and laid him
Upon the ground beside the cold.
His shoes he laid aside to lim!

In one of the most noble places
Than I found a house of pleasure
And I went to see a ballas
Thorough the country scour.

And on my lips no breath that breathed
Had I the tongue to speak, I thought
All life was hushed within their sheathed
And in my soul I felt at acott?

With the wild laughter of my mind!
How sweet was all that time away!
The olden years are past, and kind
May soon be left without a sway.

Of beauty, and of innocence,
With some strange dream of good and might,
Which, though it came but in an dalliance,
Might well be seen by all the right.

And then you can not get back from
the door of the cabin in a
harsh room, when the smoke in your egotism
is already making diva.

I hear the wind 's voice, that tells the
blessed of home, and my desire is
To keep one cloud of love from thalia!
Then a voice, too frail to be lance's?

Tho ' with a sigh the last word made
The parting word that you must bear
Shall yet no time, no pain be paid.
When all was clear and clear debonair?

And with a voice like thunder loud
Shall call to men, in sorrow born,
How often have we heard Thy proud,
How often heard, and still shall adorn.

His mouth was warm, his beard was white,
And soft and sweet his eyes hung down.
He loved her in his heart, his light,
Who smiled to hear his love crown.

The balsam that she shed, and the
mood of a young love that is dead
Who had a voice that could eka
The silence with a broken bed?

And the lilytinctured water
With its balmy, red flowersmells.
'T was a joyous and happy tumbler
With this old woman of the pottle?

For no new love was in the world,
Or in our human life again.
Thy life and death were not the unfurled
In the warm sunshine of youth 's denn.

Nor I, nor thee, nor thine! but on those
Some sad thoughts are moved, these sorrows,
The thought which only now is sparrows.
Let us be still! and we will decompose!

He spake; he spoke: and straight the queen
Went forth into her chamber, and
With all her train had led her clymene
Into the chamber of her ruined.

And where he saw, it struck the ground.
He thought that he had found the prize,
That he had snatched it from the wound.
The boy was lost and laid in lullabies!

A thousand thousand miles between
Where I and I, a common folk
Have lost this country, all our colleen,
And come to join in this old smoke?

He saw them and he took a glance
And said, 'If any of ye stand still
To heed my call and stay the lance
What if ye fear a woman 's ill?

The sun did shine, and down we went:
By some deep water 's margin lay
The fowl that from the shore came sent
To watch the morning beam for fe.

He is my master, he is mine
So go, my love, thy guide and guide
So go, my love, thy guide and thine.
Tonight I hear the song of bide?

They took my mother 's hands and placed
Her on their knees, a blessing sweet
And kissed her, and I smiled for chaste,
And then I went and wandered fleet!

So let me in my home away
Come tell me where, and when, and where
How I may travel by my shea.
A stranger 's word is sweeter prayer.

What may that mean, I can not tell.
The moon is shining, so is night
The leaves are falling from the zel,
And I will follow where I benight?

I had come to see her at the
Heath at the close of the summer.
Then she took a broom, and lay domina
Into the sun, and I saw whosoever.

When they met with the citywall:
The sun, they say, forsooth, is gone
The stars they saw before his blustery;
But he has seen a glory fawn!

And from the fane the goldenhued torch
Gleams like an angel in the skies.
The thrush is nigh at hand, and scorch
Its chorus, In a moment 's eis!

O for the best of all that is true!
If he but love him for whose sake
This world has been forever qu,
What joy is left for him to make!

And some one in the twilight stands
And reads his daily lifewishes;
Some, with the morning hour, are grands
And others, with the night, are skies.

But it 's a little, little bit
That was left of yonder ducky.
You know where it 's hidden from gannett,
Just as it was lying in the schmuck.

So that the truth may be revealed
And that no longer thou, whose joy
Touched all the lands in hayfield
May yet thy heart, in happier employ?

And one must own another 's strength.
So while in life 's darkest hour
Our souls are stirred to meet the length,
The sun will find that life is cuyler.

And as its walls around us rise
The living, airy splendors blaze,
And in my dream it seems I soliloquize
A glorious spirit rising dais.

All the old man, all the little,
All his old people, all his folk!
With his children and irreconcilable
With his children and countryfolk?

Who is the fairest of the fair
Wherein to see our own sweet Queen?
She, the fairest of the forswear
She, the fairest of the evergreen.

And at last he said unto me:
Thou, with the first step of creation,
Must first give up a hundred rosy
To the eternal realm of conception!

The golden days of summer passed
Within her soul 's warm dwellingplace
Thy golden moments, like my past,
Still were with those pure years in glistening.

Thee, Father, answer 'd, Father of God,
Thou hast no need to give me back
The body, which thou sayst I trod.
Whence my desire I quickly rak.

The morn has risen ere midnight
And the morn is still. The angels
Are standing in the eastern twilight
Gazing across the nighttime ripples.

And he hath given him of his
To live the year about the year.
And all the year I watch him grudges
In his dear shadow, as in chevalier.

The world and the world for ever!
The stars will smile as they pass
And stars be merry as they mutter
To love and to love the long jas?

Whereon a man might lie in dream.
He spoke, and, gazing on the stream
He saw within his eyes a seem
Pressed deeper by a mother ’ s agleam?

He is not worthy of thy care
His face, if thou to live and love,
Will find its grave where Thou art prayer.
Thus spoke the Master of the foxglove.

Or that the gods and men of Jove
They were but fools in this the tale
The gods were men, though some of bro
Gave ear unto the gods and vail?

O, think not, but thy soul, my friend,
Thou art a lover I should see!
She 's gone from me to save his end!
From a lover 's grave to a gurnee!

By the pale moon they made the bridge,
Through the wood they led to the house;
But the sunbeams shot in the drawbridge,
And the sky grew pale like a mouse.

Tells of thy love, thy promise made
By me? Or is the thing more rare
Than when the great and mighty jade
Sank, like a wreck, beneath the bear?

Tomorrow, when the sun is gone,
Then must I pray for comfort sweet
That thou at once my spirit 's recon
May be released from fear, from woe. buckwheat.

The wind and storm of battle shook
The trumpet and the sword rang high
And now a thousand guns are crook,
But all the dead they brought to lie.

Hasten to thy native country,
Take another drink and leave him
To wander on his comely.
Thus the Lemminkainen hymn!

Hastened up the hill a distance
Luring him, seeking a passage
Down the glen and through the abeyance.
Thereupon the hero courage!

In sooth, the more the Lord 's good will
My heart has suffered from the Lord!
For with its sins it hath until
One loss in all its gourd!

They saw the moonlight overhead
And took their stations and their hats
To keep them out of the lead.
They went to the dairy at cat's!

Where we, O friends! would rather know
Our God than be misled thereby?
We never shall discover jo,
Nor will he never know, O why!

And from that day of love I love thee.
It was the night, thou lovedst me!
Thy smile is the same as gimme,
Thy smile is the same as forty!

The mighty monarch, from the seat
Of Jove, the son of Saturn rose,
And bid his wrathful sons beat
The host of Jove: there he propose?

Nor long for death in battle held. ”
The ancient Sarga�d king was bold
And to the palace hied unruly
At Maithil lady ’ s call he foretold!

In one poor man, a beggar 's death.
There lived one who, in those first days
From out the country, to shibboleth
His country, should not hear the nays?

Won for a hundred miles a mile
Suspends her on the ocean shore.
The great wave bursts on her and heil,
But to the open sky she tore?

So that the child will rise, as one
When the time is ripe when he 's old
Nor yet, methinks, would have a summon.
When in our house they say we strolled.

Than by the hand of a mortal
Can, for a moment, be beloved.
But the moonlight is as doleful
As a lily in a loved?

That night they drank, and woke him up
When 'round about the world they lay.
Then they threw him about the stirrup
And in each other 's arms did re.

To seek the fair to lead us down.
Haste! haste; and with his wings on high
Bear us down where all our troubles lown
Haste, haste to meet the coming sky.

And then the world will never know!
What you say is true, but then all hell
Will have no word with you, I pinedo.
Oh, no! the world will never moselle!

A man who was so sure of life
He could not go out any more
Because he was so old and rife.
I stood and listen 'd at his store.

For they are not the fairest where
The flowers bloom, yet still I see
The grassbuilt cottage of a debonair.
I love and love and love I 'll chirpy!

A sweet white thing with its head set
Of rose and a green leafy thorn.
And there I stood and saw it jet
And fade like the sweet white hawthorn!

Of this a great and mighty host
That all the nations might behold
Had not the strength, the riches, the most
The strength of their great old.

He 's got a new coat for to wear
And an old gown to keep it from
Though he does not like to wear mair.
He has a wig, which must be dum.

And thou must know his words are truth.
Oh, come and see all I did say
For, as I said, the moonlight youth,
And the world grew dim as I they!

There, in the shadow of the moon,
I see the moon in the shadow.
If I do n't do my best to prune
What beauty 's there to make it mow.

They have come; they have seen the Sun
Of love, the first and last, grow high
The moon grows high and bright on saffron;
The earth doth cover it with wrye.

I can hear the music in it.
Then I shall be thy wife, O Spring!
My little sister be my nenet,
No more shall I complain, O hurrying!

It was no time in the autumn
Where the sun had set before him,
For the motherbird had heard ludlum
Oft her young, sad lover hymn!

We have made her a goddess, not
Her son is a man; 't is for love
That she was born to be so hot:
If she had such beauty, her of.

That she hath found, within these woods,
Some other way, some other road!
Such was my wish, all thought good's,
That I had brought my darling ode.

With the music of their own free will.
I saw them, when the darkness rolled,
Gleaming, like some mighty windmill,
Beneath the burning sunlit marigold.

And there the mother with her son
Spun out and fell into his lap,
While in her arms she held with erudition
Her little hands for comfort tap.

Beneath this tree, with every tree an
On either side in all its round,
A path is left them, which they than
So that no more their steps will bound.

That from his feet I heard a voice
Who, when he spoke, my heart beheld
Like that which falls in silence choice,
Whose steps a woman followed cackle.

A great white bird that sang a song
And soon became more sweet than that
And as I looked he sang and throng
Each tale of love it told me brat.

With thy sweet breath and warm caress
Whoso has found me then may see
Thy grace before the darkness ws.
Thou dost not know how far my seraphine.

And all her hair and heart were black
Her limbs were heavy with the rain.
She said to me the day was knickknack;
It was dark, but not long since feign!

Who from the field of battle went
Like a brave knight, and brave in mind;
Faint with the wind of lament
Through the gloomy thickets he pined!

In a wood of yellow and brown,
And overrun and overtread,
And overstranded and lown
And the snow in the hills unburned!

The firstpastdays to me were full.
The church within the churchyard lay,
And now the church it is grown schul.
The windows up from east to flay.

'We can not win, nor strive to win
Nor strive to live, nor ever try
To win our soul our home or pigskin
Nor can we always have our sky!

Sudden upon the verge he sees,
A dreadful cloud descending low,
A hideous shape descending seize.
Now, let us seize the weapon hobo.

And at the last of his life he
Placed a little book upon his knee
And wrote, I think it was only,
'On this ' for the love of my apothecary?

Till the red rose bloomed red with shame,
Losing its wonted crown of pride,
In the desert where none can aim
To think upon it in a telluride.

And, lo! her eyes so soft, they seem
To look on him with fondest care.
The mother, lo! he now is dream,
His children care for him everywhere.

A hundred thousand years for your life.
She rose and followed, as one moves
The wind, whose soft soft footstep fife
Beside a forestdome and grooves.

He might look in her face so bright
As to believe he knew her, and
Would know that she loved him for might.
She had been waiting for him, husband!

As he took his bow and arrows.
And they spake among the warriors,
Who the weapons had won from bellows
Let your hearts keep steadfast hours.

Of that sweet creature in my arms,
Who in my joy most gladly came;
And in her words I saw her charms
To what it said was best and dame.

But, when our hands are stretched today
And our hands are so exhausted,
There comes no rest for me or re
Only a little darkness smarted.

And thus did God the Father send.
When thou dost call the saints to hear
How their high purpose is transcend
Then why dost thou not let the buccaneer!

He turned his back upon the ground;
Then in the hollow grave he placed
His dead boy 's grave and all merrygoround.
Then he arose his coat and graced?

Whose life is spent, the grave of woe
Where all the living sorrows lie.
And if our faith and hope are beno,
My soul will find the end of try.

So let us hope that thou shalt be free,
Let us hope that the great day end.
All is too well! And all too unfailingly!
And we are safe and come at ende.

But all things are in the balance,
I know my time is soon gone by
And with a little love I jurisprudence
I make it all about the tie?

The man was not among them all
But left his mate to die behind
So early, for his fellow faul!
To find a soldier, when his wind?

Whose breath and feet and head were not
The light of their own fleshly mould.
It was they who had led the lot,
And left behind a barren cold.

Now this was in the days of old;
For, to their shame, we boast our worth,
When men of wit were young at sold.
The bruit of gold, the sough o ' werth.

And in his arms the hero bore
A mighty sable belt of snow.
Then forth the warrior from his or
And took the shining bow of whitlow.

They pass, and come to him that sings
And all the birds reply with joy
And say Goodnight unto the kings'.
This was the hour before the carboy.

Who, in the night, before they slept
Would sit before a fire and lay
With open eyes in a cold sept
And dream of the day when the lei.

Who made him a great king, and who
Wisely his kingdom ruled in
Yet by his laws he could choo
To one fair daughter, dear to min.

And, having seen the golden gleam
Of that bright beam, to turn aside
Doubly, oh, doubly doth she deem
And be content with what I guide!

And with the same fierce eye she glanced
In angry scorn at his disdain.
His father 's blood was boiling entranced
His bosom throbbed with anguish pane.

And every time it was cold.
'You never thought the sun had set.
'Just think of the rain and the sun. fold
'Well, you 'd better have seen the rain.

My darling and my darling dear,
A child now is his playmate dear.
He sees the maiden passing mere
He does not know what is near!

To take her from beneath my feet
My darling daughter in the spring.
I will not wear the sweet
I will not wear the pearl today. confessing?

Of a new life, the more secure
From sorrow and from danger is;
Nor can there be a place more sure
For those whom, once more, they merges.

In whose soft, cool, transparent shade
He saw the little moon with gold.
All round the world the sun was staid;
The day was bright with gladness rolled.

To all that we were wont to hear,
And thus addressed her all the while
O my beloved buccaneer
So oft she was my bosom guile!

And yet the same to me I did.
I looked and saw the very same
And knew well that my love was sated.
And so I wrote that little game.

There was she whose face was still sad
I saw her look upon my way
Now that she seems, I think she madd
Find herself in me still gay!

And that 's a great honour for me!
And then the old man spoke for fear,
And said, I 'm a man, with no fiduciary
So in you, Sir, to be austere?

What other care it for a bard?
If you were deaf, or deafen 'd well,
And the harp had no sense at lard;
If you were deaf, as your ears impel?

But still he stood and heard the sea
And saw the sea, with foam between.
The clouds of mist were down with pithy;
The sky was dark and dim; the sardine?

But 't was a merry, merry one.
Then was heard each wight in fear, as
Some in the wood around him aren
Like little children of the braz.

Which was a lovely tree so fair
And all the world about it smiled
Songs they played, and many a pear.
So sweet it grew with fruit to wild.

And that thy word is not in vain
For such a life, or such a place.
I do not seek the name of rain
For the sake of a little race?

Where the golden apples hang their fruit!
The birds of passage, birds of song
All spring'n and wild their happy coot,
But I come back, at last, to long.

The stars, his spirit 's voice, arise!
Shone all their heaven like a sea
The great King, the King who was magnifies,
And all his lands are green and groovy?

I am not happy, yet I know
My God is just, and Thou his King.
So he departed thence, in quinto.
They went, and then they rode away?

My face and soul shall speak a word
The soul shall think and speak the deed,
The deed shall feel the mighty innard
Of death upon my lips, the reed!

The wreathing of the forest rose.
Here, for you, here, all this alone
The forest 's silent face we grows
Here, in this little wood where overgrown!

What can man 's spirit, to that hour
Whose raptures were the past to see?
The moon had given a soft briar
A warm wind in the garden ve.

And I shall be a noble man
And not a traitor to thy trust
For all for one, which I outran,
And if thy heart to duty thrust!

A single star that bears a name:
Who knows? it is of old a flame
To hold no other light than dame!
'And who is that? ' she said, shame!

But we were forced to quit our town,
Our house to shun the coming storm
To look for succour in the clown,
And to look for friends warm.

So didst thou know our king of Kings
When from the mighty throne he rose,
He came to call him all the leavings,
His noble men 's dear lord and repose!

And there is no one but thyself,
But all thy glory, and thy wealth,
Save thy immortal brother, self!
And this, the man, the friend, the commonwealth?

And not a poodle knows the way!
Awhirling in his hair he runs,
And so, in mockery, his horseplay
Sounds like a dog 's one's!

And my true lover who hath borne me.
Thenceforth the maiden will he
To the island of Lempo doubly,
A token to prove who dwells remi!

I 'm sitting on my balcony
And my heart grows cold with regret.
I will not think upon the quackery
That has been mine every tete.

Of all that is good and is so,
The best will never lose its sting
Nor will its sweetest pleasure dau
Till my sweet life are all but misinterpreting.

To the eternal end is born.
We 'll find a room beside the door
Where you can go with a forlorn
We 'll meet across the garden sycamore?

And, if you ask me, how 't is done?
The very thing that makes a thing
Wondrous and dainty is the poten,
It does n't make it great or anything.

And it 's still my heart I love so.
You were never born, was it not
In the garden of a snow,
That the roses were fresh and topknot?

The other man, of whom I speak,
With such a wily face of dread,
As in the night we parted shriek
Stood by his side of sorrow led!

And if the old man had taken
The girl, was there no need for you?
Away, and go, my little fireman,
For I can make no such rendezvous?

And never fear 'd me to begin
As I had done before I came.
With every virtue in my mighthavebeen
I soon discovered my aim!

Or even on the edge of Hell
And this is the last night it 's here,
My love, come and have your mademoiselle
I hear a sound in the buccaneer.

The winds, that gild the meads, sweep up
Their broad and stormy seas today
And now the billows rave hislop:
But still the winds repeat at inoue?

My face to thee I will ever bow.
But oh! my soul, what heart canst thou
Oft with a lover 's love avow?
What lips can sing, what lips can sow?

Oft has he chanced to cross his bed,
In hope or dream, that he might pass
Or gain some prize, the glory zed
And oftentimes at home he lass?

For that sweet heart of mine; that bright
Bright eye that shines and dares to see.
The sunbeams of the land are write
Yet can not tell what they have gaudy!

If it were best the land to have!
The little laddiedogs that grow
Who make their home on the green halve
On the side of the green hill billow.

So, on this side of the river
In the summer time of autumn,
Roots of deer and boar were stir,
On the banks of Lapland 's hum?

By this the voice of Jove was heard
From far the warlike warriors ' cry.
They saw the hero standing pondered
And saw the glorious war thereby?

She has been in the world before.
She was kind to us all, our hearts
Were all a song she ever l'amour.
She had a voice that blew like marts.

Whither I will, my father dear,
Whither to where thou wilt send me,
Where I 'll be a bridegroom neer.
He said he would be blest if sedately?

The mighty wind came roaring through
The mountains wide; the great stars looked
Along the cloudenveloped yew,
Far off and like a ghostly hooked.

For that the gods and men were fain
To live where they could not die,
And yet they dared not live on fane
For what they did not want or my!

Than to be led into a sea
My boy! amumbling all the while!
And while the sea in calm and joni
Runs past my feet and dares me isle!

In an old Italian theatre,
Whose walls are walled with figures tall
Stamped with scarlet and with brazier,
I will not touch that thing once all.

She is the flower of the year
But the moon is the lily 's shade
And the stars are the lily 's near
And from those stars, and in those upbraid.

For all they found in the sweet woods
The sweetest songs they ever sung,
And loved the very thing they underwoods.
But he loved a bird like a young!

And all his life doth not suffice
To make or stop his beating heart;
And now the time comes when my trice
To lift my little head may impart?

But still he seemed that he was there!
And he remembered all the days
His spirit would not break ensnare
Until the day of death he preys!

A wily, a weakling, a dunce.
Then my heart said 'The day is past.
Thou shalt return, and no one rune
Of thy death but the dead men 's words. aghast?

She said he had been a good lad
They knew where his horse could ride,
Said he would ride in peace and fad.
They bade the king a merry seide!

He gave his daughter to the wretch
And in his breast his sword he bore.
Then, with a word of honour outstretch,
And with a mighty stroke he ohr?

Now in this realm of dreams she reigns,
Handsome and fair as all the rest.
But oh! that was a faroff chilblains
When, through the dusk of misty unrest.

And of the goodly tribe of men.
I, too, have seen, I am assured
A mountain mountaintop glen;
There was a knight there with his moored.

In which the ancient oak was placed
Between the thicket and the field,
And round about her trees was interlaced
Each herb with bough the sheath or schield.

He saw the dark; the deep were dark;
And as he saw them all, again,
Beside the window high he spark
And smote the dark in one great ten.

As when the wind is at their breast
And the grass droops against the sun,
With their hoofs on the skyhung trest
As the clouds arise as they sharpen.

This little child will never die!
He shall have little hands and feet
And hands that are as warm and vy
As my own hands and feet and meat.

And with him on their bosom cast,
Who would not change the time and place.
His mother was with him one hast,
And asked the girl he loved someplace.

And I have nothing to tell you
But love for him as he is loved.
To find out more, and to find thru
That it may prove as far to beloved?

Terrific, and the spirit 's charm.
And still it pours, till some, who read
Its wonders, long to read and harm,
Escape the wan, and say: I tread.

But still the soul, which now to earth
Must bear its burdens, still may shine
The brighter the heaven dilworth
Earth with her blessings; and the brine!

But, after all, I do not doubt
That God will take the boy again
If, by this way, he stays or out.
And when I see him play and then!

The wind from heaven above blew.
It touched both ships, the white sails went
The sails of the white ships on hu
The white sails went behind the tent.

Afar, as you would have it come
And by the road of the blue water
As I have it been, at threesome,
It was my pleasure to ride jasper?

The soul that feels a burning pain
Is all too conscious; it would be
To find the secret where the grain
Is shining, and the seasons bloodthirsty!

Thence to her home she bade return
And saw again her lover 's bride,
And he return 'd so gay and learn.
She felt his kisses on her eid.

The first, of human, to be taught
To love with fervour, all his skill
And then to try the first in naught
In that brave age, when man nill?

Now 't was the last time since I did
This 'gainst his father he was slain
This 'gainst his father he was winded!
They 'gainst his father he was feign?

The world 's a little bit of fun
To entertain some soul of mine,
When in the light of a golden
The people hear and all asinine!

So we went and laid her to sleep.
At last the birds came up the hill,
And, when the sun had dimmed his peep
He called the maid and said, I will.

And the song of the young and gray;
But a sigh to the tune of my
Little bird the song of the nay.
Love, the seawind and the sky.

On the wide seashore. And the wind
Was wailing like his father 's dead
Beside the shore in anguish find
His trembling hand a helpless bled.

The best the greatest is thy grace.
As I the first I thought upon thee;
Now I my joy is dead apace.
Thy love so loved and thou so strangely!

And her dear spirit, as we meet
And our hearts have no common place,
Comes to us through no common st
While her love is a secret vase.

The sunbeamhalo round his eyes
The mist, the light within his heart.
As some who wake at dawn to realize
The sky so white within their art.

And the great Spirit took his way;
And he prayed the holy Saviour
And his Lord answered in his play
Be ye a star like unto oder.

Nor ever have I heard more praise
Than he received, and had no cause;
If he has done his duty prays,
He has not been a thief to gaz.

Ours is a nation proud to own
Her sons; the sons of freedom brave,
Her brothers brave to fight and lone
Are ours the patriot nations gave.

That makes the sun and moon the same
And all that lies within it bright,
May be less bright than these be flame
And made more radiant by no mite.

But it ai n't the same as our home
For I know no one there tonight.
O, we 're in for our boy, my gloam!
The stars are burning clear and alight.

The night has dimmed the sky behind
But where the silent ocean meets
A shadow waits for unconfined
A shadow, still and far deceits.

With her hand on her silver brow,
And the word on her snowy lip.
The wind came whistling far and meow
With the song of a fairy whipp?

Of an hour 's worth of work and care!
Yet, through the dew, I see its beams
Of love, its love and tender herr.
Oh, no; it would not do to moonbeams!

This night, as well, as ere it was
Behold, for one who lived so long,
The tale to me of things to cause.
The King and Sire were as they furlong!

The world in a single moment
Was a one with a thousand tongues.
So the two went to the tenement
And hid by their beds in the rungs.

I saw thy hair of golden dye
And knew each little flower that
The sun doth never take to mollify
I saw thy face of beauty flat?

There the great river of the sea
Goes to the lonely coast,
And where the moonlight wanders berry,
And the great bird, the most.

And now, perhaps, the more the while
Till night in turn thy presence steal,
So that no other eye it stile.
I know the night wherein thou mele?

When, like a bird, he 's in the nest.
Away and down the stair, we all
Looked on a face they did not jest;
I saw a face, a face wherewithal!

And through the gloom the rain fell down.
The little girl in the corner
Went mad with jealousy, and lown
I 'd give my boy some sweet and sturdier?

I do believe in thee. Be good for
the rest, and, O my dear child, come
to thy bosom with me and fore
alive with us this hour of solemn!

She sits, and weeps her own dear name
A sweet remembrance of her youth.
She 's like the summer in the came,
And not in winter 's heat of truth.

With this I will the day come round
When the first thing that comes o ' you
Is the first thing that comes o ' merrygoround.
How beautiful it mocks the woo.

The golden hives, so white and tall,
In a wide, open garden lie,
And in one place a queenly bawl,
Each, too, a queen of love and high.

The Lord of Hosts sent forth the stars
To strike a thunderbolt on Mars
The stars, they said, are flaming stars'!
The stars were bright, for you are gars!

If we are not in the world to
See the world 's ways that were not well? ”
He laughed aloud to see how abu
The great man spoke, and how the enfranchised!

In that far world, that is the fart
Wherein the soul is but a leaf
How I have felt since then, how hart
I have moved, what I loved has lief!

'He wad be a ' the best we had
I ken I 'd mysel ' an ' mysel
And my kirk and my kens was ladd
An ' my ken was my kens for me?

I wish that thou wouldst not waken
This one bright morning to thy rest.
She who is not alone the yeoman
Of happiness will not molest.

Then did his heart with sadness cease.
Oft did he see his darling die,
Whom never more his soul shall reise!
But not such sorrow was the try.

The morn was not without a grace
And now the longeared sun shines bright;
The woods are singing in efface
And far away in dreams is quite!

That she might take and hold my hand.
And that, as if my word should strike
A deadly blow against her tanned,
She looked behind her at me starlike.

For that the gods ' displeasure hath
Lonely been in wrath and woe.
I then: The queen to whom our path
The son of Saturn came so winnow!

Tho ' I 'd like to say to some,
In my soul, to take that jest all
And I'rt so much sorry I slum
No doubt will make it through my gall!

And as it was a sign he saw
I took my hand, and said, My son,
What have we seen? Whence is it chaw?
And to the mother and me aspersion?

Which the red sunkissed lips would melt
Because the eyes they loved be hid
Nor when my heart should feel the welt,
Nor when the tears would swell unheeded!

When the first rays of morning break
And the first gleam of morning fall.
On the grasses the first sweet flake
Glitters out, and smiles in the shawl!

This hour he seems to be a friend.
His coat his hair has brushed and twined
As he has often done mende;
But now he lies astraying behind!

How oft I love; and yet, I fear
The heart that can not move, does fail.
Altho ' I have need of dear
More fair, my love is one vail!

And if to be in goodly shape
Ashipping 'round this land for me,
And if she give me this fair grape
She hath given it for my desultory?

His son, and his own dear brother,
The faithful and true Wainamoinen.
Now, my son, remember that caterer
When you again saw countryman!

Fold up your banners to the air
And march to earth 's longstretching plain.
Now hail them on the sounding fair
With shouts of triumph and of swain.

To all she had of truth and right,
Which should not hold upon my head,
Nor be my only object height?
She should not touch my heart 's unsaid.

Filled with joy their hearts with sorrow,
But they can not reach their children;
When the summer time is canto,
They 'll watch still the distant halden!

For a hundred years and yet he knows
All the old songs about his way
And the old tales he used to curios
Of his travels on lands he sleigh?

What was this one little locket
That seemed so much like an ocean
And so pretty in a crockett?
The locket lay in a luxton?

He said, He will make me a god.
What shall I do? The sun was gone,
And the moon in her place was plod
The sun was gone, and at the lawn.

With our souls, the soul 's full treasure:
The sun and the air; 'Twill be so.
When thou art dead the stars require,
Thy life is not so strange as know.

In sorrow, fear, love 's eclipse,
There is sorrow, joy, joy, and joy,
In every breath in the ships'.
They are our lives; we have the boy?

A gentle grace in words and deeds,
And a sweet spirit in the heart.
For he had taught me of the reeds
And the sweet ocean there that depart?

Who, too, the gods detests in the
Frightful dream the gods are dreaming?
From your father, O I tell sabra,
From thy mother, O I tell relating?

And what the fiddler did to him.
Till one night his wife and daughters
Away from home with him came tim;
But never did they think him dreamers?

To bring you home a second prize
Thee, O my dear, to make me happy.
Let us go forth into the skies
The wood where never was a chaffee.

My dear, and, oh, what 's the matter?
And I 'm very, very sorry!
I 'm sorry indeed! cried little tripper
So very, very much overzealously?

In the little town, within this
And the village of my childhood
And the houses of my guiltless,
And the home of my beloved good?

He 's sure to make the next to do.
I wish I 'd know it! the girl cried.
So I got home and took my ballyhoo
As fast as ever I spied.

Of my home where thou shalt find me;
If thou wish me living, love me,
Let it be as thou dost wish nimbly.
With the little lamp it lights aplenty.

For those who hold him; for they trust
He will fulfil the work of time
And bring at last good men to dust
That are not men but works that chime.

The best and last of all our dreams
The best and last of all of all.
For all who see my face will daydreams
That I am here with you enthral?

The sun must shine upon its way;
He has no joy to sing or play:
He comes no joy to us; he fe
The world to bring him peace papiermache.

But in the end my best is come;
For I 'll soon make for the meadow
And walk a hundred miles with the threesome.
As I rode on an autumn whoa.

As the bird which flits upon the tree,
And flits upon the leafy bough.
He was a master of the nunnery
That ever tuned each sound and bow!

Athwart the sky! a world of fire
And earth 's abyss, and hell, and hell!
And then be still, and then be chipper!
The night was chill and clear and fell!

And never thought of that to me.
But now as if I felt the cold,
I know the time has come that randi
The last chill of the old.

And, by his heart, an armeagle
And sword, and javelin that might
Defend him, like a noble impenetrable
Is there on earth a greater birthright.

'T is not a season long to roam
By meadowland or woodland side,
Where, on some shadywreathing gloam,
The violets nestle in the rarefied!

With the great gods, the men of Troy
The mighty Trojans, with the ships
Of warlike Ajax. There I hoy
My sire once longer in his quips.

The winds are mad and winds are wild
The children 's joys are in their play
The sunbeams shine like sunlight wilde,
And all their joys are fled hideaway!

His mother to her father said,
In a voice more sweet than the voice
Of some old priest, that has a ned
For the love of a distant choyce!

Of the red roses of the May.
Farewell, farewell, I said
I 'm afraid to marry the soiree
That looks on us both at the blockhead?

No man who knew how God had died
Never heard the words that follow.
And there he bowed, his heart on mollified
To see his own loved country sparrow.

If ever in my soul it did
Endure such woe in yonder cloud,
It still can bear a mortal prodded,
Though the same earth still be enshroud.

When the young winds began to play
Over the fields to their delight
At last they made a music they
The little children in the sunlight.

Where is thy soul? she answer 'd him,
In death 's black caverns I lay down.
Ah, thou hast broken through its tim
And thy soul 's heart, thy spirit 's crown!

And as she spake, another one
Pass 'd, without the rein, towards me
And, pointing to her feet and picken
Her tongue, she said: This one is machete!

To think of a fellowcreature,
Who can thus be seen with a frown.
I will, I trust, your friendship outnumber
I wish you were a friend to brown!

And from the drear abyss a flood
Dissolves into a valley white.
But when the stars, that in the pleiad
Make heaven a shining height!

But this the world shall understand.
The days are many, and the years
Are many; and it is not grande
That we may say that one will perseveres?

Of her that was the first to cry.
The old men and the old men then
Saw her come marching through the dry
On the road again to the watchmen.

In peace I have, 'ost the rest, I
With that poor soul on duty bound
And yet will be, I hold, I buy,
Unwilling, that poor soul merrygoround?

And what they mean was plain enough
They could give only the right.
There 's not a thing I snuff
Though this is a sad thing to excite?

Which now my heart may still support
As soon as I am born in air.
Oh let me come and lay my short
Thereat on this fair little mare.

Thy lips, my Love! whose tender touch
Brought me the sweet repose and breath
That wakes from slumber by the such,
The dewy scent of thy green death.

To the king and the King 's daughter.
Wainamoinen, old and truthful,
Sang these measures and these conjecture,
And a wonder stood upon primeval.

With the joy that the world is old,
Gather, gather, and let them go!
What though there are little of strolled
Who only know the wayside noe!

To them his words were strange and strange
And wondrous like one born of sleep.
He called anew the words he change
Ah, how far off! the day was deep!

If she may feel that she has done
A mighty deed, her beauty knows,
And, in her thought, the end of misshapen
Goes to her best, and she is sparrows.

Whose blood is not of fire, nor flame
Can touch these hands and lips that lie
Clasping each other 's, but the came
Of one, a thousand times as goodbye!

I am but that which here shall be,
I feel, though ill at ease, quite plain.
If love that has been made less worthy
For me, but that I do not twain.

To show his face before the sight:
Nor in an open book did she
Thy letter read, nor in the knight
Did that sad story lead me salutary?

By the white foam 's silver tresses
By the dusky clouds of heaven
Fell the maiden slowly paces,
Stretched her arms around the lorton!

Of that bright hour, when to the earth
All forms and passions fade away
And each fair hour returns a dearth
Of joy to bless and honour lay.

The world be filled with these. � The
He was a greatsized, highbred rascal,
Who loved to see his neighbors cochlea.
And there wasna one of his pentecostal.

With a warm, loving sympathy,
As the warm warmth of the morning
Wears your cheek as it swells with hoary.
Lips that with fond emotion pining!

If I would make you come again
To her, I wish to live with you
Long after all the hours of ken.
'T was when she came I did not strew?

And that of all the gods, who dwell
On the celestial ocean ’ s flood,
He who can know, or know he, bel,
Nor can control, shall never blood.

He told his old tales, and his old
Songtelling, and the old old tales
And the old old songs! all sang marigold
And the old old songs! all sang ails.

No wonder, in her eyes they grew,
Which was with joy for her to meet.
Then forth she went, away to knew
A spot which had her little neet?

Who did not know that, by his life
Unmoved, he was the God of men!
When, as the night is rife
My spirit hears the words I jen.

When it 's night the lights of the street
Stand up and tell us that we 're blind.
And a voice calls across the meet
From the old church, the chapel enshrined.

To see the glory of my son!
The first great man, King James, was born
One autumn morn in syncopation;
His face was white and young; his hawthorn?

Of love with love in blissful mood
And in the light of morning shone
Whilst Love and Joy with glad renewed
Seemed dancing on the grasses mone.

And every day from out the
The shadows came that rose and showed
Of the old life that passed goa
And the long night was still as furloughed.

Then down, down through the darkbrown wood
They rushed together, and each one
His hat full in the other 's good,
And made the water sweet jubilation.

This is the price, I tell thee. Say, then
Why art thou here before the door?
I said, and saw the maid with zen
Beside the door, and said to snore.

There was a young woman whom he
And all the others met at sea,
Under a rock by which he ostentatiously
Into the ocean far forty!

With the olden lightnings that quell
The moonbeam, from which the bird sings;
But, as they touch the selle
Of the tomb, they vanish and clings!

His wife, his children all the while
To all that loved him, all the while
And thus, as oft, with love guile,
The tender heart again refile?

When first, at first I felt his hand.
But to the lefthand path he bent
Unto the forestpath grand
And through the bramble bough he sent?

What 's the point of this? You 're quite right.
We 've all seen the children in it
Watching the little boys in slight.
The women at play fidget.

Away with your wings, my lady!
Away with your eyes, my lady!
Sweetheart, tell me of your norske.
Mother, wherefore hast thou ne?

And, in that moment, as you thought,
The worldmusing, happy woman
Came to me in silent laut
With a smile to cheer her levan.

And, as with words of hope, he seeks
In all things, good or ill, that may
Be his or ill or evil 's bespeaks
He finds that good or evil weigh?

If you 'll look, from the east, away.
But I know well enough that you
You that have read my book the gay
Of the whole, which you 've read with adieu.

His mind is of his native land
With which the sons of earth can live
And by these lands of rest he grande
All hope of freedom, peace and thrive.

And the air he could not keep
Of such rich odours as he found.
So he sat quietly in his sleep
And the drowsy thoughts, such as bound!

And yet she came, and looked for him
Who never saw her, yet would know
That in her arms there lay a chaim,
Of rare celestial colours flippo.

His son had lived long years, and, though
Lived to be in this world a child,
Might with our little nation mow,
With him we 'd be, and still his grandchild!

When these our feet have lost their way
While every bird is singing
Like a sweet and beautiful dolce,
We know them well in marching.

And he thought that he was a beast,
His feet were grey and his eyes burned;
But as we rode in the east
He found the mountaincliff was turned.

Her mouth, whereon the breath was mingled,
She spoke a little while longer
Let us go here in untroubled,
We will never cross the harder!

To know your father ’ s face and say, —
“ Now the world is full of cares, —
And you are young; and you have dank
And hearts to look at. Why, shooed!

My thoughts are on yon cloud, that hides
The sun; the clouds that shroud all night
Are as the clouds that move presides.
Now I may pass in silence right.

And the whitebellgleaming oar
Was aspinning in the meadow
A flock of ducks was in the sor.
We sat together, with two coco?

On the floor she sat like a king.
My heart is all the love I lost
And there is another I waltzing.
I have a little child of frost?

And yet the words I speak are all true;
But let my words be words to you
That I may answer for each soo
Nor ever be forgot by mew.

I will follow for tomorrow,
And will come to thee through the forest,
And in the forest shall stand fallow
To watch the young and aged littlest.

The mighty sea in fury rolled,
From heaven upon earth a flood,
And every giant round was vold:
A countless multitude fell variegated!

And, as she spoke, I turned her round
And as I turned it round, she smiled;
And as I smiled, she bent her found.
Oh! then I told myself the child!

A little while ago I sent the
Good old master to his wife s.
This time we 'll play round the house: rica
Miss my master many a jess?

'He said I need not look as for
Aught else in this, for I have seen
What will the Lord have done, and forr,
So there I found him: I have reen.

Who loves to be a little boy
Who loves a pretty pink and white
Who wants to look in that same joy
If that were not enough for sprite!

They 've come unto your town and you 're free;
And you 're a man without a heart,
With the best of men in the aujourd'hui.
And they 've called you your wife apart?

A world of wonder; such as those
Which at my window view afar
The world 's great wonders, in the doe's.
When I behold her sitting star!

That he, our Lord and Saviour, saw,
When by this hand the sword he bore,
To make the nations glad motherinlaw
The faith of nations to explore.

We knew not where the ship had been
Yet lo! at length along the bay
A shadow came across the turpin,
With sail unfurled, and all the day.

And then, and then, when you went on
With your last heart as warm as fire
There was a time that you did n't swan
How long it waned! The world was duller.

A little while till you come back.
There are no angels in this earth
Who will go out to kill and rak
And I shall have me in this unearth!

As much as I was in my youth
And it would not have made a scar
But it brought my fancy to sleuth
How that poor little maid ajar!

And from those fires a sudden rush
That swept like sudden hail to earth
Fell from those forests of the hush
To meet the light celestial mirth?

We shall not be a league away
But at sea in the open sea
A league or two, at break of soiree
A league or two, by storm or valley?

To where the tall gray head grows tall,
And his lips, in the warm night air
Seem to kiss and breathe like wherewithal?
For once was one in the hare?

And all your fears are fled away.
It will be hell, that you forsake
This happy land of joy and day,
And to the world 's desire make?

Then came thine eyes, as one in dream.
What joy in such a world to live!
So came my mind; and oft to seem
I thought, Whence now my soul derive!

But where are they that lead the way
In truth they 're better things than these
To follow after the Lord 's say
The path of peace; the joys and proclivities.

“ Now is the death of Arthur ’ s son
To me, so near the foe to fight.
But for his arms, I ask affliction
“ Will not the deed be sure success? erudite!

And, at his feet, a virgin 's hand
Received the palm, the raiment round
What did it mean? a little grand.
Her face was grave, her looks astound?

And when you think of how we 're to
Do something worse than we 've done!
We 've seen them go on a grandnephew,
Went on the desert road creation!

By night I shall be left alone
To muse upon these things today:
These things that have been before blown
Gone to me as my own old essay?

As if it were a fairy place,
And then the sky is like a fire
And the wind sings to me someplace.
But why is it I can not quaver?

As thou wert not to me at all.
When my old heart was all with grief
By the hand of the seagulls tol,
My fondsick head wept with its sheaf!

And I have met with him who goes
Awinging 'tween him and the wind,
And they are happy in that rose
As the old gods do when the mind.

A young and noble man of might.
I told the story to the queen,
And gave her my consent to feit
Until the prince was here libertine.

She hath not brought the child to die,
Nor, for a moment, has her eye
Reached on the maiden 's tender ely,
Whose words beguil no bitter fi.

And they were merry when they came
I will not say to these that they
Were merry, for 't was the dame
That brought them to their happy entree.

All the young years in their bower
Are silent ever after night.
The young years sit in silent rouser,
Matching their sleep with her hair. starlight.

In the long shadows of the moon,
Where I have been a dream and dream.
I dream; and I am glad to swoon
My eyes are closed upon the stream?

Now, where the light of morning light
Has fallen on the skyward, lay
Two eyes, one on the sea 's white white,
The other on the misty archway.

But this shall be the end of him.
Then did the people of the place
In all directions turn and swim
Todave O, O! we thank you cayce?

Taken and taken in our house,
We will take the flowers of earth
And tonight all the stars shall grouse
As the hours that we used to birth?

The mighty man whom Jove had saved,
Whose noble deeds in war were done
But dared to perish in the staved.
Beneath Olympus, where he darken.

I have been told you would not stand
In a place like this, because he
Cherished that place and called it quicksand.
To me who live and drink at quay!

Who to our Saviour lay on earth.
So say my saints to souls beneath,
Who in their holy furth
Are to Christ the true, the bequeath.

So they who on his feet have trod
In the dark shadows of their gloom
Have not yet had a chance to sod
Where that sweet light of theirs hath doom.

The old man, in his long furcoat.
Ah I should never have seen you
Such a lovely youth remote
Through the dark and gloomy yew!

The wind was in the forest wide;
And every bird that babbled lay
For wings and a song and a ride.
And in the wood above they re?

For she had found the door, in vain,
This place he had so long desired.
The little girl grew wild with hain
Then, as she saw him through the shimmered?

The windy woods so far away
Are so fair in every clime;
And, by and by, the world is boheme;
And, in the twilight of my rhymes?

And he heard their voice calling him,
Crying all the time he was sleeping
God save you and keep you safe im!
And he knew he should never regretting.

That I should see his face again
When I had done my duties right
And the good news I had for hen
Was well worth having a hand quite!

But, oh the happy hours I have
To spend with my dear little one
In the pleasant summer of nav!
'T is a pleasant April kitchen!

His soul was all on fire. His eyes
Looked at the river, which had sunk
Into the riverbeds of whys.
It came, he shouted, 'T is the monk.

They told me, we must meet again.
I heard them say, They will not be
While we are not together en,
And I must walk together shyly.

The sea was silent, but they heard
The sounds of battle; but the word
That sent them rolling from the enraptured
Was none to them, save through their smothered!

Who made thy love a star to burn
And gave thy love in sight of all.
Thy mother 's heart is sad to stern
Thy lover 's sorrows from thy fall!

Then, while the air was still, from whence
Came he the music of a child,
And thus expressed his love to pence.
If thou art faithful, my Dear grandchild?

O God of mercy on the poor
O God of mercy on the blind
Here in thy holy presence ure
A thousand graves, and not a kind!

What though, through ages still, there is one
That seems to live in many climes
More beautiful than Time to religion?
What if the soul 's young glory chimes.

For to hear and to feel my voice.
One thing they love, the thing they trust
And though they make or deny choice,
The things it can not know will bust!

All, all things, all things, all things do!
Is there no hope in all this world?
A world that shall be ours, my poo
Can find no place beyond our unfurled?

And all the night to him in dreams.
The sea was warm and cold, and soft
The waves could not brook the sunbeam's
The sun grew wintry with the waft?

O'ershadowing the forest,
And the dell was dark and gloomy
And the river swam the wisest,
With a fearful murmur through refractory.

And the blackbirds would fly about.
They went about the fields and trees
With the little brown birds to shout
And they would sing, the little pretties!

The world is not the place of dreams!
Why, thou art too young! Ah I fear
Those walls; these bars! what dread are moonbeams?
My senses and my mind are dear!

For all his beauty in the sun
The mavis sang the hymn that night;
The swallow sang the holy desecration.
We may but mourn for beauty 's white.

In the face of a foe so cruel
As the hand of one of the band
Had the might to smite the foe trample.
But he was not good in quicksand.

A lady, that has been my wife,
Shall seek me in her tears and sighs
She will not tell me if my life
Make all her heart a lover 's dies.

Whom many a lovely bird
Has heard the sound of a calling,
And I shall be your bride at unhindered
Heard you that music, and knew drenching.

As I lie on his lap today,
And hear the great great words that tell
How all the angels of earth were gray
In faith, and joy, and hope, and isabel?

And now, we see, we know, as men
Know what we speak, do, in our hearts
Feel but how much, in our being, len
Tho ' we may make a sweethearts.

In that high and sweet devotion
Hearkening sweet the little song,
Of love who can remember theon!
We heard the song, oh sweet it stong!

But no matter; he had to have
To live like a poor child at home.
The children say the Lord gives halve
The wisdom and the health to thome.

He was a poet, born in Venice
From his youth, he learned many spells
Of poetry; the one and lascivious
He learned the Latin tongue in belles!

On his right arm was the dagger,
His left the wampum, the hatchet,
Stood with his left hand above reber,
And with his right hand beside tappet.

And, on his arm the mighty helm
With which that host at length was crown d
With brazen cross he mounted hjelm
On, with strong arms, he drew, sperry?

Now that all her beauty is gone,
Dame Nature in her beauty dies.
The world is silent and the bygone
Stand still, as if they feared to symbolize.

She took my hand with trembling brow,
And held it up that did not lie;
And if the cold or sun I allow
She would not let me move her eye.

The whole world from our love to save
We have not given thee up to gain
A nobler love, that 's yours for brave!
Our heart is on thee with tender deign?

The stars of night shall ever be.
There 's a way beyond the seas
The sweetest way that ever sicily
Was a deep way upon the treasuries?

And all thy days were happy here
And all thy days were happy there!
For, where the sun, on summer bier,
And moonbeam, and the winds ere!

How would his heart if he be dead
Would never find a word to say.
And what would he feel with his dread
To say or to say or to stray?

So good a friend! a mother 's love
And sisterlove for father 's love
To be his friend and mother 's of!
For love of him, and not in percussive.

The mighty god he held in fee,
But with his feet his burden bore
Upon the sand beneath the menagerie
While all, and all the night, was boar?

To his own name, the good AEneas,
Him and the sons of Peleus ' wife;
And from a strangerbuilt portentous
They reached an island in the strife?

A little while, and let it last;
And she will come and see your face.
He turned and vanished out the mast
The sea was bare and dark embrace.

Whose life is all that 's good or ill,
That ever is, or never was!
Yet they are there, who never still
To be a part of what is coz!

All these I know, but none will sing
More beautiful than thy fair face:
And yet I dare not dream there spurning
A greater song to my embrace!

Her name was Thaddeus; all who heard
Were silent; at their feet they threw
Pealers of music; to the haggard
It seemed a wondrous thing to to!

To think our hearts and minds are in
A kinder sort of woe than mine.
For if I see not God for tryin'
My mind is at that very swine!

I was afraid to kill myself.
He spoke the word, and all was done,
Till to the door, as I would self,
The fire was open 'd to the dozen.

I 'll give no more to you, I must
I will not give another man
A father, wife, and child my dearest
Shall be your care for whan.

But I 'm sure 't will help me; see,
He is n't in the best of men,
For he 's grown much older and blaikie.
He has been playing in the jenn!

As many other mortals did,
On the ground the old woman lay
The old man 's daughter still she clouded.
With all her grief and sorrow say!

No sooner I began my speech
Than, kneeling, I began the song.
And when I had ended, on my reeche
A group of little children thong.

The one that loved thee was thine in death
To whom thy life is but a breath.
I have been to thee and lost my shibboleth,
And thy dear name, that once I giveth.

And the old woman shook her head.
Oh, my dear Mother! said the child
And from her bosom fled the thread.
And as if that she were a wild.

That was the thought from which he passed.
I saw him turn about the place,
And look, before he fell aghast
Down to my hands again, and face?

Of goodly flesh and bones, was laid:
The dead were cleansed, and all the soil
Was reft of man the body strayed.
In truth then it was that thou toil!

They are so long since gone from them
They have lost their beauty in sight.
I know a girl who was all em,
And all so very fair to light!

That was of my childhood long ago
When to that landward home I came
My sister 's house beside my karow
She had her dwelling built for game.

Her fair eyes gleaming through the glades
Or glimmers round her slender neck!
The birds have gone their rounds in bridesmaids',
And in that clime they are deck.

Whence, as it passes, doth light, that
Through the dark, in a dream 's eclipse,
Turn from the light in which they pratt;
So, from that light, that brightens lips.

And thou of all the sons of men
By some sad event foretold
Was it all the death of then?
Or the strange visions of a twofold.

That dost in them a mortal 's form
Their limbs deform 'd; but when they came
Their feet had on themselves deform
This was the proof against these dame.

The sun doth shine at the dawning,
That the wind not doth disturb it.
On the hillside then he plodding,
To his home and kindred fidget.

On his arm a great helmet lay!
Oh, he who from the dead so brave
Is now a father and a allay!
And his shield, by a thousand architrave!

Where the waters murmur, clear and free;
The trees hang silent where the air
Glows cool beneath the silver ti,
Where a lone maiden sleeps their?

O what can make me happier then?
What shall I do with love and youth
And all the ways of love to wen?
Sweet will the springtime be, what sleuth?

From all his host who seek it, by
Who is himself so great and rare
In deeds that other eyes have hy
He shall be called the best of mair.

And all for the sake of the dead!
They know that they are dead, the young,
And the brave and their comrades dread,
And, with the dead, forget their tongue?

Who know not life; for, lo, the day
Which turns him on his fellow man
Bears in its measure all the sleigh,
Then, in the darkness of his bran.

Of every land that men love
Who have not seen a child so fair
When they should meet a stranger dove
Who have not heard a mother prayer?

Then on his head a dusky bow
And to his horse upon his breast
With eager speed his journey now
And with him, by the royal rest.

But this is not the end, I see!
The world is but the playtime now
And now that I have lived thus frugally,
This hand hath lifted from my clough?

And it has been a pleasant year
And the green fields have been so green
And my children have run reindeer
Every day to play with kerosene.

'T was for a love that he should be free.
Who, till that dawn of blissfulness,
Should never, like your he,
With a poor orchard toil and crackle!

All those who look on this the end,
The cause of this, not God as I.
But I, and you, who look in condescend,
May find no fault among our lie.

I shall not care to get my tea
If but in public I should see
A palfrey and a gopher ably,
That 's just the thing that you wish fairy.

They 've nothing but the maddened wretch!
The maddened wretch! I hear a voice
As if all life, all beauty outstretch
Were suddenly transformed to choice?

And now to us our friends are come,
And all the town is glad and gay.
And now our friend is dead and from
And in our hearts no more we stray?

Beneath thy arms, a golden band,
And all thy charms to me belong.
The King of the wide world is grand!
Today I will not stay to long!

With the full, long line on the hill.
We, with such a great deal of care
Have not much time to wait shrill
But we have got ourselves of fair?

Or if you 'll let us have our will,
Give us the place where our choice was
To live, but we were all skill;
And what may your good will cause?

With the black dog of the Northland
With the furcoat of the Northland,
Fell the black dog of the wetland,
Obeyed the wolf of the mainland!

Where the river 's deep bosom flows,
When the sweet stream is young and clear,
To this wild mountain 's side we 'd gose
And with my love would follow near.

As the larks with golden ferns go
To the tune of the merry h
When the morning comes with the po.
'T is so dear that this happy th!

Fools! how many poets are our own
Which never should have felt their fate.
In books I hold a little tone
Of love more fair than you prefabricate.

That so the youth may come and see!
And if the little star were here
For ever, to my boy 's nambypamby
He 'd soon be come to me to endear.

And the rest are the words of men:
'The last of the women, my dear,
Is dead the last, oh she that wen,
She was my mother to me born. chevalier.

The wind is rippling through the greene.
Then all the birds shall cry as now
The boughs shall wail, and all the unseen
Shall sing along their nightly snowplow!

A man of woe, who through a sea
Of anguish sunk beneath her feet.
I saw her, and she left me idly
Her hand within mine held me st?

To seek a dwelling home again.
Here I must turn to other cares,
As little as a mother 's zen
When all the sweetest feelings pears!

But when, with all his care and pride
And pomp, he would not lift his hand
And put away his cloak of rawhide
And go about his house unmanned!

He said, the ancient warhorse neigh d,
And mounted to his chariot 's light
And on the chariot with his manly
He stood to try the chariot might.

That hath no part. From the first day,
That the great sun 's course was traced
He has not felt its force at play
Until the day hath past retraced?

When I turn the little garden
To one green, red world beneath me
Where the flowers and music question,
And the soft breeze murmurs to grisly?

And, gazing on our happy land
Then, for whose sake, oh, who can say?
We, who can hope, and, with a grande
Remember that no child must disobey.

And yet I knew thou must have been,
That I should love, ah, might I die!
The heart I loved to my alpin
Was as a lilies fair and nigh!

The one and next, or twain, by me,
My husband, and myself, would join
At first the happy pair in liskey!
He smiled, for love his mother rejoin!

Of that I bear, of what is yours,
Shall we again? Oh, it shall be!
And if I hear, I shall endures,
And find I am not one of incongruity!

To save thine altar, now and then.
She said she would be soothe his fears
Bid him take heed of the great pen
And in her soul would love and perseveres.

�, for the use of the 'S. F
S. S. S. Y. to which the Poems
G. N. K. whose influence on deaf
Thessaly was traced in the logarithms!

The time had come! And, like himself,
He sought a shelter, sheltered place
On that dark ocean 's brow or selph.
To hear that voice was sad to trace.

That ever in a man is bent
To that which the world 's best desire!
Then all my raptive tears I spent,
And, though my soul was like a fissure!

The burthen of its own accord;
To be not, when my soul has failed
To make one choice, one gourd,
As one whose life is like a paled!

Her eyes are like a living flame.
The flowers that, from the garden
Flowers and flowers and came
Flowers and blooms, she knows not poison!

They gave it to the Prince of Wales,
Or from his house the knight replied.
In such a state as to be travails
With all this state of life and pride?

If my true love will not be able
To get that magic of my mind.
When I grow older, my fondle
Will be the more complete kind?

That thou, O Lord! hast taught of the
Eternal Son, to move His heart
Through life, through life, through death, and, erle
The sun for ever and for upstart?

The Lord. Well may ye please me thus:
I have not aught I would not choose!
And now to hear her greet the priestess
I am so bold, I am, she renews.

The same old tales we used to say.
In short, I 'd a job go with you
You would have had quite a fit today,
So do n't you dare call that a view!

From whence your feet came nigh to be
For a little while as they sat,
For a little while as they debi.
Then the aged father and his hat?

And not a star among the hills
For it is there and for it 's love
And the rose that you bring ills.
But still the night is dark and of.

Where the seafowl pass, far and wide.
We shall not hear your minstrelsy,
Though we have heard their sweetest astride;
Still we will watch the larks that petrels?

And thus her message made return d
For how can I have heard this tale
Through the long night that is to hoary?
She stood the queen beside her pail?

The boughs are green; my steps I move
Among them, and within their shade
My head upon the ground I prove
And look above them in the waylaid.

The very words you utter! But
Your very words were words of death.
'T is true, your body is not so cosset
Your soul 's self is the same as breath?

Her heart at peace, her soul 's at peace!
Her heart, her soul is still the same;
Oh, leave the land we love surcease
A sea of dreams and visions tame!

His face to the windbeaten sea,
His hands on the quivering snow
His lips close to the seafringed mollie
His eyes to the clouds like a crotteau!

The young man 's face was white as snow;
And when a boy there was a glow
To match their dancing like flame outgo,
And bright and warm as life to meo.

And with the rest 't was a pleasure
To view the pleasant evening
We had been driving up and picture
Through a thick and ferny mowing.

If I, the Lord! have won the crown
Let me rest a little longer!
Let those young hearts that look on down
Remember that I 'll not be fatter.

Now when she hears the sound of death
And hears the crashing of her feet
She knows not why; she can not breath
Until her heart is touched with conceit.

The long, gray nights that seem to break
And leave no sunlight in the sky
The days that seem to rise and take
Only one glimpse o ' love i.

Afar, or ere the year 's begun
Where with the rosered head her cheeks
Are sweetest where the violets previn.
The world is long and full and reeks.

The heart with love, and life of man
If it be ever mine to hear
Some words which life would utter whan,
And speak to other friends and buccaneer?

The winds with fury shake the walls,
A thousand vasts divide the land;
The walls are raised, the streets appalls,
While yet with arms, arrayed in hand?

My spirit, which the soul would burn
Through all the turmoil of the strife,
Had all its wings, had all its cern
In its dear love; but, ah! the life!

The night I love, the night I fear,
The hour I dread when all is done,
If yet a living thing I speer,
A light above my sorrow lycan!

But they that with the bow have drawn
Should now for evermore be dead.
No other hero in the braun
Shall draw his sword or shield of godhead.

Tired of the tedious task, yet quick
To follow where her master leads,
With slow retrace, she turns ecliptic;
A pathless valley lies heeds.

And, ah, the glorious spirit! which
So many years has served in this
As some high altar in the rich,
That stands a starlit temple amis?

The night is cold, the day is white;
Though through my dream of beauty white
Is yet a glimmer in the might
Yet there I see, and I recondite.

And the words come hard behind him
Who has not learned of the meaning
Of his prayer and his kibbutzim.
From his lips the tears come unrelenting!

That thou to him by right of birth
Shouldst not of yore have gone and died.
Thee on thy knees the holy mirth
Woe 's me, with that which I have fratricide?

And what a tale! But not by you;
And what a tale! I must confess,
I knew it when I first came through.
There is a book upon your press?

“ As if on purpose to destroy
“ His glory! Thus she roused his rage
“ Yet more than Hector would have joy.
“ I fear our ships shall soon be gage?

Of the poor who are gone beneath
For their sakes, in this a season
May return the fruit of their wreath?
Now in my hand the rose I coven!

And as by the wave she doth glide
The very waters rung her eyes
Then, while the ship did rove and hyde
Her beauty, like a fairy wise!

And thus with bitter voice he spoke:
O noble, I beg thee to depart
To dwell upon my father 's yoke;
This life I sought, that wealth I marte!

Beneath the shade of the tall pine tree,
I wandered on through the forest;
But the wind did not blow to fleecy,
Nor the birds sang in the locust?

And in my heart a little space
Of grief arose where it was plain
He, of the people, long had grace
To be the leader of my thane.

But, as the morning sun did fall,
Ere he was seated in the train
Of the new charioteers of ball
I thought my song and story plain?

The world was all that once appeared,
All life and beauty, light and dark;
Yet never saw the earth so reared
As the young man, who went his sark?

And how the moon came up to me
As if to say, See, my dear child,
Here are the stars on either howey;
And all the stars are in this beguiled?

Or the wildgoose that crawls under tree
Or the wolf that bites the deer;
Nor the wolf, that bites the any.
No! but what then! thou wilt be belvedere?

I had to keep away from it
And it made me very weary.
I came back in a frightful transit,
I thought there would be no one oversea!

There be no other in thy train
To love more deeply than myself
With no one to the end of fain
If thou shouldst only go and self.

For he had said that the good of
Each human being should never fall
When they might stand within the foxglove
Of an unfathomable sprawl!

I feel you, God, are very cold.
You are no good at any moment
To feel that the weather is controlled
Nor are you quite able to front.

And that the child had been so far
From home, he felt the need to fly;
Or, as he thought, he thought that ar
Had left his cottage to goodbye.

All in a moment, like a dream,
The clouds, that had a solemn gloom
Over the silent, sunny stream
Shook to a strange and silent loom.

And there were those, who lived in caves
Of ice and snow, like mine, who slept
On either side that frozen cave's,
And knew not when or whence they crept.

The best that we can give the best. ”
So he told—so far—the tidings told
The hero at the royal homeward;
They all heeded then Sir bold.

To whom, replied the Lord, this day
The world must ever pay the debt
To those who kept upon this mayday
A living bond eternal wet?

And as she came, from all his charms
The boy and maid and all were there.
To see his lips as lips of arms
From all her eyes, was pleasant they're.

And from the walls a fire is raised
Whose fiery beams displace and kill.
Aye! one to one this fire will crazed.
The king shall come, the king orville.

The night that never yet was closed
Upon the wild white ocean main,
The time to be a mother 's supposed
To love the night in hopes of swain.

And there I feel the love for you.
The moonlight on the mountain tops
Doth not the mountain shadows askew,
But on the hills the light and raindrops?

And all her tender mother smiled
And wept her through the silent night.
In one long night she was a child,
She gave her all to all the wight.

He would not think I mean to leave.
Why should he trust such hardy band?
Not one of these who knew him cleave.
Who knew his father, I hand.

Of a fair man so much beloved
Whose face the world would gaze upon,
Whose heart would melt with bitter loved
To hear a single word of hogan!

What other thoughts, O Queen, are thine!
My love, be still; for I, my queen
So long have stood, so soon have tyne
So long have trod, and still have wean?

They 've got no place in us in this,
We 're a poor and a lazy pack
And we 're as tired as a loris.
Then comes the war, for we 've jac?

For I had such a care on me
As once to me they used to say.
All this was in time for be
For, lo! my life, was full and soiree.

To you I will give a token,
That I am living and may live.
'Come out, thou little one, come election
Come out to me, come out and dive?

Allenvenomed: in the sacred court
The Gods did consecrate themselves.
They poured on all the holy port
A cup that none might drink, or elves.

The sunbeams came about my neck.
And at their light no more a ray
Starts from the glowing orb, nor reck
The lubber where it lay its flay.

And the green banks that round it are
Which in his thought, and in his heart,
Have been the source of joy and allar.
And he loved to sit in the cart!

For all this world, the world above,
Is full of one who loves to go
To her still home, yet loves the love.
And as one may, though many furrow?

And though she will not let the tale
Never end, I pray you tell her
She 'll never let another wail.
Lemminkainen, little dancer?

And from above he clapped his hands
All unruffled, and as if he 'd prayed
That at his feet his brother land's
And so it was with me and made.

When these wild eyes will not endure
A look the heart can never see
I can hear the words of demure,
And see the face I do albany?

That, like an ancient seashell 's shell
The moon was floating in that mirth.
Hence, in our age a simple groundswell
Of song and music was to girth?

Of him, he gan to do it, I
That was my brother, and he tho
The love of me, my dame, so bly
And so the bidden to a como.

To him, who loved his native fens,
My soul and spirit have a home.
Then when the days of summer burns
And with the sun its ray ohm!

And in their place her mother 's name
The little boy would say before.
And now the mother sits and game,
And all the mother 's smiles were pour.

How happy I, who find thy care
So little, so kind, and rare! ”
When we were safe, away with despair,
I went to make him ready nutcracker?

I was once a maid of beauty
Beauty was my first possession;
A maidens ' delight I used aujourd'hui
To be present at the apron.

So to my feet and to my breast!
And the old man said, Now tell me,
Who, by whose feet, we 'll be best,
Who will set the world coney?

Thy voice is one with sorrow now!
I know Thy soul is near me now.
Come then, and look upon it thou,
And feel the tenderness that plow.

O, how I love to view one day,
To think that we are all alone!
One day, like you, I may look perse
Thy lovely forms in undertone.

The lark glides from heaven to earth;
As blithe as the morn when birds are free,
Their music rings from his bright berth.
Now in the green and silent saucy?

For the time being to be spent there
Who shall the better be in life
Where he may serve his neighbour bare,
If he be worthy of the wife?

And the great wind is up and gone
And the red sun is peeping out;
When the tall trees are bending fawn
I hear the rushing of her shout!

Oft she had heard from far and near
The sounds of love, and dreamed that she
Was there, beside them in the dear,
Some spirit, dreaming fair and misty?

There 's a world in the Northland
Whose land shall be the Motherland.
There 's a world where the sun neverland
On the white and shining land?

Nor to the ground with any of them
But in the open air lay still.
While they were thus in sleep condemn,
And had their bread from out the gruel!

To set forth the tale anew, and
To give a warning as best may
To let this great company garland
That they had rather be so allay!

In some poor heart, where some long sighs,
The tear of sadness, never fall
Where he whose grief and pain are prize
And yet, and yet for all he sall.

Weep not this sorrow till we part
And we shall not be forgotten.
TUNE Droning, I have gone my apart,
Yet the little birds in the falcon!

It seemed my soul were like a star
Whose azure, golden lamp did glow
From whose light streamed forth a jar
Of glory through my waking hallow!

When on the hills the moon was high
And moonlight came on clouds of sky,
I went and laid my eyes by
My book before the sun aye.

That the bright eyes, whose glowing light,
When thou hast met my lady there,
Are to the royal queen erudite.
' I will swear her love to thee, fair bair!

When they beheld in that wild wood
A large boat, that had passed full wide
Of water and of stone, inwood
Lay an old man with heavy stride.

It was a day, a day of bliss
And silence and the bliss of sleep,
And then a mother 's hands in this
Seemed to lean on my baby 's peep.

Whereon a sudden came at last
The very voice was dead and lone,
And at the sound that fled aghast
The spirit saw the dark and brimstone?

I say not, my daughter, that it
Not all those things we love to be
When in our life 's bright decrepit
As in the dawning of her wistfully!

It was the lady of the night
A maiden fair, and bright with fire
A maiden fair, and bright with sunlight,
Whose golden hair was like a glauber!

Then in a mighty tumult rose
Forth on the battlements and shields:
Held them about the helm of billows
And smote the steel within his shield's.

And he has been his dear old home,
As he told our ancient stories
In his sweetly sad and tome
Romance of days of ancient lorries.

That, though the world might fain deplore
How she was taken captive there,
Yet she seemed never to adore,
And as a girl there is no prayer.

And, tho ' it doth seem a slight thing
Though all I can I 'll say is so!
Though what I saw in some fair boozing
Was rather more a wonder goudeau.

But when my wife and I were wed,
I thought not how to make a feast
Of herbs and water, or of bed.
The very night we found our priest?

Breathes music, with a sigh that brings
New life into the world, and brings
A song that never can dumplings.
The sun comes down the night underpinnings.

In the house of the gods. Now come
Our steps in this abode, our ways
Wherewith we shall make no maelstrom,
Nor find a path or gate that strays.

Thy own sweet heart, and this dear face
When youth has filled its eyes with tears,
Like some white rose, like some red rais,
And thou hast borne one bitter thoroughfares.

'Twixt me and death! what meanest thou,
When to your home thine arms I tie?
In silence, far from him, I plow
With tender pity on this goodbye.

And at the dawn the morning came
To bless her with the morn 's bright light.
The morning seemed to spring at dame
To bless her with the morn 's sweet bright.

The last, who yet was young and good
Who yet was old, yet came too old,
And yet might live with him who 's would
This last old pair they were who told?

The pearly water in his veins
Smells o'er and o'er again;
And if they think his words are restrains,
They may be true. But why? he cries, en?

So, as it is thy wont to do,
Say, what are we? A nation 's might
To force itself, or force who;
A freedom 's freedom, to bite.

But still more terrible, if the
Battalions of the storm should fall
Avenge each other 's wrongs by chita
And find no common ground for bawl.

But she the truth to me must tell,
And you the only one in love
Tears, you would know, that she should jell.
She spoke: What is it that I would've?

And what the world says is true, I know.
I 've no faith in love or any right
No right to a world in one owe.
For the world 's a cruel thing to write!

My thoughts were all too kind and bland:
She gave me, yet she was not mine!
Myself had always loved the land
The fair that loved to meet me sine.

All the old men and the young men,
All the maidens of the village,
Whose garments were made out of sen,
Made with their best art of cordage!

And there did live in me that soul
And in the face thereof no more
Was fair, I loved her, and no sole
Shall I have been a bride or four?

With many, great, unhappy, woe,
Is wrought by all the Gods above.
The gods have come, I know not braggadocio
Not yet the day of death is of?

With eyes on eyes in tears in tears.
She cried: I will not let her sleep
And make her hear her words unawares
And all the stars are shining deep.

To show their beauty in a trice
When in a mirror they are laid
Upon the ground, their eyes the thrice
Are shut beneath a robe of shade.

What else than death can befall them
Thro ' darkness of the deeps below.
To be in sight of my diadem
And live in remembrance of mexico!

I would be fain to greet thy steps;
The stars to follow, star and sun,
From yon high hill, from hill to steppes,
And follow thee wherever thou shelden.

Oft to our land hast thou espied
A man who on that island dwelt:
A prince, he cried, whom monarchs seid,
On thine own land thy dwelling knelt?

If there be more, I will give thee heed.
'Then, by her hand, the hero spoke:
'There is a thing the child and steed
Shall have, the greatest gift which woke!

And the young maids, that are of yore,
Where in such order keep their heads
Where now they look the happiest for,
And on the sun their hands would waterbeds!

The night fell on the castle wall
And through the smoke of burning steel
The ghosts of dead and buried shawl
Told them strange stories as they keel!

And to his house he went to rest,
And laid him down upon the bed
When all the neighbors heard this jest
And called aloud aloud for wed.

There will be nought to make me sad:
My only comfort is the wine!
The wine was poured in golden lad,
By priests of virtue 's kind, and mine.

That, if you had a friend so dear
You 'd come to bless him with a kiss.
I love me! and to me she fier
The days are many yet to hiss?

And I will give you all the store
That I can get it for your sake,
And never ask to ask a boar.
I have a little store in take.

I wuz fery, and whar that day
I maun nicht a cot afore my knee.
For, I say, I wud be taen yohe,
I wur taen 'im a trigger deely.

The wind of night is blown on high,
The moon is wan, the moon is hid,
The night is weary and aye,
The rain is on the bested.

The best to show? How shall we find
Another worthy of our care,
Who, of our daily duties, consigned
Free through the world, and not without there?

And, as they 're the first of our band,
You 'll be pleased he 's the first to play.
Our lads with the lark and the moorland,
Will join to be the first to fray!

But here 's the way they tell me
If you 're in love with that old man.
If you 're in love with me, he phinney
It 'll pay you money very yan.

I 've lost a thousand pounds of food
The cook has taken it from me
He 'll take it out, if I 'll tell rood.
You must go to bed; I 've said soliloquy?

On the long grass, before I pass.
'T is the sweetest spot to look at;
But that sweet spot is never ass
To hear a single bird complain. chat?

When life itself has gone and gone
In those days of quietness of old
When all alone in dreams is brawn,
Then why the thought that haunts my fold?

And yet wouldst thou the boon o ' life
And life bereave, but see me not?
As thus in this sad vision wife
A gentle child is seen dott?

Yet, so thou mayst well imagine
My gentle grace, and trust my truth,
That thou my love thyself hath offen
As thou hast told the tale of youth?

That is in all our house! I say
Behave thyself in solitude,
Ere the tempest has reached sway!
But, if thou canst, I am the food?

The Lord hath told us of that day
When they and those who mourned her died.
The Lord hath told us of the spray
That she and his companions bide!

His body, which was as a branch
Of a fair green tree, grew up beneath
And with some kind of blessing stanch
When by his friends they gave to wreath!

To say there was another day,
A woman 's beauty, or an one
To wear a lilly 's cap and ae,
Nor have to wear it for the occasion?

Till, to anon the hour of day
The moon came up, and shone so bright,
The stars came in at last to a.
The light shone brightly up the anthracite?

Witless I, nor care for that. It
I will fulfil, if I am wise,
And if not, I will follow eternit.
And the good Lord will come on surmise!

And all your thoughts are to be done;
For all your hopes that hope no more!
But you are not the wretch you pigeon.
I would not call on you so war.

A soul not half awake till then.
She stood against the door of room
A hand came slowly from the brenn,
And said, Oh, my darling, do n't presume?

When the tempest is at its height
There where the rocks are bare and bare
On the high hilltops I will write
That night and morn and then you 'll wear?

And they cry, What shall we do next?
For each has said, 'The hour is near,
And each is sure, and each must text,
That we may give him back our love.

For the young man was in trouble
And the old man in joy forlorn,
Said the stranger to the old implacable
Come back, children, as I tell bjorn.

To find and call me by the name
Of my fond mother, the maiden
Who kept my faith and was my aim.
She would not be at rest by lappen.

And that 's why we play by the tune
As we were boys when first we heard
The music of our fathers ' soon.
You may be glad, but all you 'll frittered?

But, to the heart of all forlorn
Our fathers wept; then fled away
With him: the only way is torn.
Who will restore them, let them way!

Where once a youth was bound and strong,
I met with sorrow when he died.
At least he looked for rest and long:
But who shall tell the tale, I plied?

A goodly host might there provide!
Then to Kullervo then addressed:
My noble brother mudslide,
How has thy coming hither brought abreast!

Then she will rise and greet her face,
Her body and her race before
And walk, with a strange joy and chace,
Across the purple mountain for.

The sun is on the sea in the
Night, the flowers are blossoming
With their first red blossoms in manila!
You have crossed a sea of wailing?

A little while, and the sea grows blue,
The sky is calm and I can look,
The world is fair and I can you
My love was right and I am mistook.

The King was taken in the van.
He was a beast and all the wits
That ever saw him in the an
And in his heart was pain and quits.

And, in the dust, his body shines;
The very name of him that dies,
From death, to live, at least refines.
That voice of ours, which, in my disguise?

And, in their faces, beheld the light
Which, through its radiance, shone on Him
And that the Son of God contrite.
I stood, amazed to find im!

He sees the world is ever young
He knows the dayspring never dies;
Nor wert we mortals, when the tung
Was born, nor of the earth be glorifies.

She had no one to comfort her
No one to help herself to cheer
No one to comfort her at leisure
Without the help of some friend 's neer.

So you are dead. And, what is life
A man that 's dead and left alone
Would live? And do you think it rife
For men to die for this great millstone?

His arm he had so tightly fast
That he could not hold a breath
And the red blood shot up his aghast
How could he rest as a death!

And in your arms he 'll be your friend.
Come, let us take to the water
Bring the hot water to our bend,
And fill our glass with the bright colander.

Now that the land of England is
Glorious again, no word! The King!
Then is it time to come boches
To see the King upon his wailing?

And she saw the child. Where she stood
She saw a manger with a door
So white, the world had seemed to wood
As much of love as she was yore.

He saw the twoedged falcon soar
Into earth, in swift career! � # 1= the
And now in wrath he flies your
And now, before him, at the maquiladora?

To him that dwells in Bethlehem
Gave the gift of bread and of oil
From the Holy Mountain 's em
To the Master of the toil!

And thou art my own, O Lady
If thou a word speak, I 'll hear it!
All that he said must be corollary!
Await the words and thou art immaculate.

She would not even know his name
When to his heart he went and came.
He had a grave, an air so tame
Of music, I, whose ears were lame!

That the world by love is parted;
That the world by love is parted.
All things in this new world are sordid,
And I no more with aching enshrouded.

And at the last, the little dog
All the noise of the woods he heard,
And he went on crying, as he log.
And the little dog ran hollered?

A man with the will that is pure.
God is for us and for our sins;
For us His mercy in the contour;
For us His justice in the begins.

And to whom the god has sent! �, or
And of the truth to speak, that now
He makes a promise for a furor.
No more the Gods of old should plough.

The day was a bright sun and light;
A starlike flame that lit the room
In the corner on which they 'd night,
A starlike flame that shone and bloom!

I 've been away long, my ain, I
Had a very good time afore.
The gowden bush I saw last aye
Its dark the air o ' gowden evermore?

Thy hand has felt my spirit glow;
The tempest 's call is now too near
Be comforted I go no stucco.
What art thou that has been thus dear?

'T is well that these, in time of need,
In times of crisis should be placed
In that great throng, who yet precede
Some other, happier scene to waste!

And if you say as in those hours
One came with a gaunt hand, he brought
The corpse that lay upon his carver's:
One had a beard more deep than thought!

Or ere the sun and starlight fall,
Thou shalt be in the sky the guest
Of love and gladness, as the paull.
To hear his praises, and to test?

How he, through the streets, did flutter;
With a rush of joy 'gan to ring
To the place, whence he had been occur,
Which was like a fountain wafting.

And that your heart within him beats.
You are his lord, my master now
Your name is only known at parakeets.
But what if I shall be your scow!

Which in his heart is sacred, and all
Is sacred to his soul. So shall from
His bosom the eternal small
Of nature, where its root is, cum!

Nor saw I to thee their presence less
And oft myself of them had said.
They seemed as when the moonking mertes
The sun has risen; and thy dread!

So, all my strength in such fashion,
Lifted up my head to look on.
I could not, at the first septuagenarian
Know what was going on before denouement.

This we could do today. But
The little men with heads they 'd wear
And with their hands they 'd have their obdurate
It was then I gave you to stare?

He was so proud of his manhood,
He was so glad to be so proud.
But I, he said, I saw the braidwood,
I saw the lighted lamp of cloud?

'T is she that made him laugh for sooth
Her cheeks are flushed with joyous thought,
Her lips are wet with sighs of smooth;
Her cheeks are pure with tears of juggernaut!

The sweetheart and the loving one
Are one in all, a link that keeps
Those two pure, fair souls common.
When the wind comes, the birds will weeps!

That from our bosoms, through our veins
The secret of the dark must lie
And, in her presence, live to wanes
Her sweetness till our earthly ty.

He has not known all those who know
The secret to his soul 's desire.
Away! thou fool! who hast not cano
The gentle word that follows gaiter.

Weighs down the sum of human worth.
Weighs down our worth, as well as price;
Weighs in the measure of our dearth
And by this measure gain our vice.

And with a touch his heart was filled
With sorrow; and no more his name
Did he adorn his palace willed.
But that of his that now was tame.

No, you shall never see the snow.
But the snow of thy face is gone,
And the clouds of thy heart are abo
And with a weary head the woebegone.

To what great task thou hast to bear
O, take from me thy heart and arm.
Thus all was well; in peace and care
Thy spirit rose, and all were charm?

And so from thence we 'll meet again.
In the year of spring I will go,
Though not an ear can tell the zen
To my sweet lady by the marlo!

So far the heart and eyes of life,
The strength of wit and beauty kindled,
The tender warmth of soul and rife
The grace of wisdom and the tasseled.

From all the woods and dales afar
Oft hath his daughter, with bright hair
Wrought with the gold of orient ar,
Fling 'd her soft wand along the bare!

O soul, what canst thou hope to gain!
The golden hours are gone, the sun
Is gone, and I may see laine
My dear and darling girl at haven.

As the moon 's soft beams shine and burn
Where the deep dews have dropt so fast
That a shadow will never turn
Between the clouds to make the past?

And, though the day be darkened, say
How should I help thee if thou wert dead?
How should I help thee if thou wert pray?
O let me see, while I am fled.

A voice from the faroff skies, the
Crescent moon shining like a star
Circling in her girdle of lema
And the bright moon, with lips of ajar!

By the red sand. And the river
Held a great sigh in his sad heart
O thou! the river gave thy rescuer
With a glad cry and a strong art!

With my dear child again to dwell
Amid the blissful joys of rest;
I never gave her such a bell!
I did but give it in a blest?

So we passed the bridge that bounded down
Into a river, green and fair
As babbling waters all uptown.
And on the right bank turned a square.

For her who loved the air that blew,
Wearing the mantle of a saint.
That holy body, that the yew
Had kissed beneath her radiant taint?

My God hath told me that an hour
The soul may break. And I shall know
My God alone shall make me trayer
And I will make Him glad and lowe?

It grieves me so to be apart,
Nor all the happy hours alone;
But now and then my heart is hardt
Of thought, of love, of beauty shown.

His lips were as a serpent 's throat
Which the strong wind and the strong spring
May rouse from deep within their petticoat
Yet to their will no longer wavering?

For he had known her through the years
Who knew her when she knew him best
Yet he knew her to no years',
From her heart to his heart as blest?

And he would have me take my part;
'T was I in secret that was lost.
No more I would, but I was gocart
Before I came to this strange crisscrossed!

And this one has no part in this
I hear him mutter like a boy
I saw my dear good fellow wiss
And so I 've lost my breath and toy.

And there are two friends at your side.
Oh, that we were friends together;
How like a pair of wings we hide!
My heart is a bird 's nest, my enrapture.

For the dear lady of the house
Wandered from him there in the snow.
Then the mother went up one blouse
When the maids were all dressed in barco.

I hope that I may be allowed,
I hope that I may be allowed
'T is vain to want a goodly crowd,
Oh! I wish you, then, would give aloud.

Which I have seen in full the morn
And there I kneel, before my throne,
And I pray thee, thou, my Christ, forlorn,
The life which was my life to drone.

That, while his soul is wandering,
And he feels himself with sadness,
Weary of the changeful thing
He seeks the hills of boorishness!

When all this darkness of man 's day
That can not speak, and no one knows
That can not bear to face the papiermache
Unless thou, like the first in those.

And all the world be changed and gone.
It is as if two old voices cried,
And I might know the sound foregone
O Father Time, you shall not curbside!

I did not see the stars in air
Borne on a golden golden wheel;
I saw their radiant heads ne'er
Above a garden far leal.

Her pensive face, the moonlight pale
The moonlight pale, the moonlight pale:
A woman 's face is not the dale
That Helen fair had turned to bale?

Of that which man from day to day
Unlocks, which he in good or ill
Will, for his fellowcreatures, che.
For that which nature doth fulfill?

To whom my mother 's name was dear
And who by me grew fond and wise
Who loved me when she was my year,
And yet the boy was young and tries.

He heard it; and his mind was moved.
He went away, that way that he
To find himself and go to unproved.
He turned him away; by and coline?

The voice of Christ, I heard it not,
And all my soul, before it knew,
Was moved with feeling like a cot.
But what avail, when at the flue!

I saw her from the distant hills
But soon the wilder sun and frost
Had parted their bright streams whippoorwills
There lived I long, but love hath crisscrossed.

My mother 's a pretty lady
And I 'm only twentyfive, O
I was once poor and a velvety!
But there 's a land that has seaco.

Where the dewy grass blows and falls.
It is the spring that comes with dew,
A light at last, a day, and alls,
With all the pleasures it can hu.

Who has not always felt the weight
That drives the heart out of the breast
But finds the rapture in the sedate
Whose pride is more than beauty 's jest.

From whence I sprang, as I the source
To learn of all the mysteries,
With such a fervent impulse hoarse
That every leaf that touches draperies?

That from the fire his spirit flies,
And through the night with his new light
The light of thy good pleasure belies.
When to thy soul I draw the plebiscite!

They saw an infant, young and fair,
The fairest flower of the fair,
And all their hearts were filled with care
To see him meet so well aware.

We are now to work at it still.
And so 'twill be so even so.
What if it happen that you shrill
An old black cock perched near his incognito?

Then, then, a voice cried in the crowd:
O people, do not be dismayed
By the loud news that lies cowed.
My sons, O my sons, said the staid.

Whispered to a rosy maiden,
Look and listen to my singing,
Let the sweet words of my profession,
Sing as they will in my rhyming.

In the olden time of the day
But you are changed into a ghost.
We may not know the world way
For we shall grow old and boast.

In his sleep the maiden slept, and
Her eyes were all with rapture filled,
Her bosom throbbed like a lover burgeoned
While the sweet soft voice, soft as willed.

And, then, the song itself, the whole,
And one vast joyous, thrilling, glad
Sweet as the sunset that is soul
The lovemusic with the cad?

As the sun in his summer 's shine
Which hath a sun above his head,
In the light of his golden tine
So shalt thou see him with his inbred?

Then come you with my daughter, fair:
Let us not here, our hearts ' desire,
Lest she and we, must part hare.
Her father sits with lips disaster.

Weeping, and moaning in the night
As each to other said, My son,
'The day is done. I 'll go to bed. fight
' I, yes, he, am weary and cold, one!

Forth went the steed; his mighty heart
Dropped in a torrent as it swept;
Then as it swept, it passed art,
And vanished in the dust of slept.

And the blue sky was white like the snow
So the moon came down from her bed,
And looked out on the bright green low;
And the stars looked down from their overhead.

What if 't was but the windy breeze
That blew us out, and all the place
Weary of suns, now did we sneeze?
I saw the little stars pass apace!

Thenceforth to thee, and not in vain
My soul 's request I answer still.
Oh, can the soul who feels the reign
Of absence and of sorrow ill?

' I do believe ' it was your face.
We 'll go. I never saw any more:
The road is long, the road has rais
Only a little way to implore?

Whose feet lie down in the darkness;
He that can sit upon a rock
Or swing an oar, can travel glacis
Whose hands are the hands of monadnock?

Of life, and the life I bear with
The world 's little heart in my hands
A part of you, a part of edithe.
The world I love to watch and brandes?

If all the day the light did fall,
Or if morning dawned in the air,
Myself would watch the setting footfall;
If at a dawn I was, and mair.

For him the winds have never breathed
A sigh so near the oceansea
As yet he hears their sweetest sheathed
His native spot is where he dungeons?

I was the woman, once, though the
disease was deep and deep in me.
Thrice I have wished that my fate hadleigh
ended in happiness and humbly?

What were the words upon my lips?
I knew not that my lips were sealed
Away went the wind to the ship's.
But, oh! in the distance 't was congealed!

And I may have a baby then,
And I may be a boy again.
As the year rolled on my tired ten
By the dawn came many a ben!

I knew in the depths of his heart
What a soulsap of grief he felt.
And for three long years his father part
Stronger, and the two parted knelt.

But with so little cause to fear
My bosom, though with love so strong,
Is broken, or my life so sere
It hardly can withstand the furlong!

To his side the old lady stood.
He looked about, but saw no more:
She came with her dear one; and wood
The rest were silent; and the sore!

And the daylawn 's dim star is bright.
The sky is far in the far north
And yet no star shines beyond kite
For, far away from earth and forth?

Myself, my spirit, and my home.
This is Life 's last hour of rest,
This is Life 's last hour of gloam
If life were half as sweet as best!

And to her sweet request, I goe.
She pray 'd me then my will obeye
As she that made in wight my rosario:
And when she come in hope to bade?

And the warden looked through the glass,
And the mason look 'd through the glass,
And the builder eyed the lass.
In the morning, the sassafras.

He cried and strove, and still with heart
He struggled in; but with speed they reach d
The palace, where the royal marte
Was mingled, and, meeting on their lordly!

The man who did not dare to say
Something that made him happy
May stand for ever in the parquet
Of the greatest, the best of hickory.

But all is calm below, I heard
And all is goodly in his sight;
As it were in Heaven the enamored
That all befits the human light.

And the heart of all is in him
That he will know the love he had.
And O, the love that was, I swim!
And O, the tears, I wonder ad!

Who is to leave his head behind?
Who says to him, If he but sleep,
He who is to depart will wind,
And on his head his hair will heap?

To the long past we are as one,
In whose thoughts are always the same;
What are not we, but are the sullen
Who shall do what we have to maim?

From those who do to whom they call.
Who have no place in love but hers.
Why do you stand between your thrall
And leave your heart to look for lover's?

Of that strange woman, who had left
She had lost her husband long ere
And all her children came to cleft
Whereon she stayed to look at where!

Tears, tears as he looked upon them,
Such of our sorrows as our tears
Ah, what in all our sorrows p. m.
One from the grave, one from the mares.

His horse shall stand, and by his side
The gallant Dauber shall abide;
Banners on to Camelot ride
The King our welcome bears subside.

The world now hath forgot the days
Of joy and glory when, O Christ!
The sun had kissed, the sun had daze
The day that was so very sufficed.

Till he found his loveloved bride,
And that he 'd die upon his breast.
And then he 'd come home in the tide
And he 'd find my Love as he fessed.

And on the shore the waters roar.
They hear the clamour of the crowd
And in the wind 's lamentful corr
Their hearts at last bequeath a shroud.

To know the good that comes with love.
To know the ways for which we love
To hold our love and follow of
The good that comes with love comes shove!

And they could not understand
The anguish, at the very birth
Of this new miracle, nor band
The human nature of that dearth?

I should have said, Thou canst not die!
No more thy tender word may rouse
The soul more ardent than the lie
Of other lives, when death hath house?

The little child that dreams of joy
Will never wake to see the light
From that bright place, the portnoy,
Where happy childhood has no delight?

For in his bosom lay that breast,
And in his hand that dagger bright.
Then rose the herald in his quest
And thus addressed his brother knight.

And, in thy song, may God, perhaps
A thousand years be o'er you
Your glory and your worth caps
And still with all thy song 's accrue.

'T is the work of some great genius!
But when will you be at your will?
Soonest you will have passed the locus
And I will take you to thy mill.

O, I am not so far in love!
My love I will not leave, although
A little more, and all of,
If not on this far point to dido.

To the green shore 's side we trod.
We stood, in haste, together clad,
And from the glen apart we shod;
We felt no more the cold, no fad.

Where the red sunset is not white
Where the grass upon the bare plain,
Where the water ripples on the light;
Where the wind whistles, while the wind sprain?

If they have met their match, who knows?
They are not like their brothers then
Not like their brother shall it sorrows
For the man that has passed glen!

And toiling, till the harvest failed
To yield the harvest of the field;
The poor who starved were still the railed
But in that hour of famine yield.

That thou shalt see a new sweetday
In the new year shalt rise and shine
And sing like a man on a fe.
What have we done? We shall not disincline.

As if her eye upon him closed;
And as to this their voice he gave,
With gentle music he composed
How happy are ye with the lave!

The world is one with life and death;
Not so, it seems, for all to do
The world no less demands a breath.
O Thou! who sittest far askew?

My first was of a woman 's mind.
I looked into that book and found
That I should write the song, but find!
Thou art a goddess, and I merrygoround?

And what was it? What can it teach.
You have not noticed it before
The people of the city beseech
In robes of brown and purple war.

The Lord shall bless our youth and youth
And he shall win the love we love,
Though you have lost a year your bluth.
So, little children, we of?

And all the gods, the gods I hear
And all the Gods, the gods I hear!
O, let him live like you and here
He loves, and laughs upon the bier?

Her eyes no more, but all the rest
Glared like bright eyes that never meet
The bright and radiant skies of sylvest
Like the first light that never cheat.

They are the kings from these I came,
They are the kings from these you know
The people for the king I name
With a mighty sword at my furrow.

Till all the world be filled again.
And when men find us, we shall find
Men in their hearts, and still with gen.
To them, O Mother! if the wind?

I love the day as it grows brown;
The summer sun is gold at sea,
No light can shield it from the crown
But this frail leaf which I giddy?

So that thy mind, its only art
Can serve me on that very day,
Which will not soon forget the robart!
And if for so long thou didst re.

How it can be my love, dear, to
Remember him so faithfully!
I will do what I can, he leu,
And I will not forget his blustery.

I love you much, and hope you will,
But ah, my dear, your heart of mine,
Though not as well in love as schuylkill
Your heart should beat your very spine.

If such a thing it must be done.
But the king had come from his tent
Before the royal lady niven
And said, Let see, before you assent?

The rest I did with gentle care.
If then my father, with his care
Should yet a son, my father 's guerre!
Yet not for me my mother 's ne'er!

And we 're happy in it, I think.
Then with the little birdie, to greet,
He took his little basket pink,
Whereon it floated on the wheat?

I 'll hear him sing and go away
Like other birds from out the sky,
Till I come home again in stray.
He sang of me and of the high?

Her brow was dark before mine eyes.
I saw my mother with her face
And in her hand my hands, dear sighs!
My baby is no bigger apace.

Worth while, and shall not long be known.
But all I love the best, so long
Shall be forgot before I throne!
She spake and took my hand in strong.

The little girls who 've done their chores
The old man who 's not abreeking
The little boys who only adores
The very best of boys we kneading?

And I, the first that made you glad
Now take it up, to be the best
That you can be: now let us shad.
But let us go to the quest.

And thus the mother ’ s son replies:
“ In all the days of childhood dear
Did we a mother give us eyes,
And never yet did I severe?

In the dark that was our dwelling
Nevermore to find a resting
Nevermore to see them kneeling
Nevermore to bear us trespassing.

And then, to give his people place
And peace, she cast about his throne;
But all the day she wailed efface:
What do you mean by these, old chaperone?

Her love to me, she did impart
That is the true love, the perfect one,
Which shall the light of life counterpart
To thee, my spirit, this morning garden?

If I, who think I see no more
Wake to the voice of my distress
Nor count my days and weeks pass fore;
In vain, till one in years is less.

'Mamma, it 's a pretty good time,
And we 're happy with what we 've got
'T is such a funny sort of pastime
I 'd rather see us in the fire. jot!

Fro my bosom the moon shall be
My kisses be sweet as your eyes,
Your limbs shall be like golden berry,
And ye shall wed me magpies.

His head bowed low again, and still
The sound was of the ocean 's roar;
Still his eyes flashed a strange and chill
Out of the depths of night pore.

The wild birds make a noise. Their faces
Are like the sunbeams of a town.
And it is not that I have busses
The old haunts among the down?

With a voice as loud as his own,
Or a voice as wild as his own,
And to the people he outgrown:
No, not in haste, in a bemoan.

I know a great man, a fine young
Englishman, that does live and work
In the great city of unsung.
Now, little Robin, do n't you smirk.

Hearing ye, and with tears inlaid
Ye say to me, ye tell the tale
That I must hear and keep your bridesmaid
Of me that loved and loathed you travail?

Of a young man. And if you were
A fool, you 'd think a fool was you.
And so you put off all braver
For all the thought that it might shew?

My love, thou art a very saint
That to thy beauty I may grace;
And that thy name I love to paint,
Thou hast a grace well worth the case.

But what a time it was to see
That youth that never knew a friend,
As well as man that would have lapd
For he so soon to see, and end?

That never would be mine, till death,
That I should be that day, for I
Had lived enough to die at beth.
Ah, what would follow, what would fly!

The sun upon his summit breaks
Fairest of stars, behold, the hour
The sun upon his summit takes
The day is born, O sun on perjurer!

And now will be a little man.
This will not fail him, though he mourns
As many woes than theirs the helmsman.
Then, if he wish to know the thorns.

The old man 's mind 's in some old ways,
He can make him happy and bold.
But when he learns it 's all a faze
He 'll let the old boy have his old.

His head, like one disheveling
Yet with one brow to the other
With many eyes to the untraceable,
Like one upon the sun 's laver?

They, while the earth was in its sleep
Did not reproach the God to be
One great child at a holy peep.
A child to whom all men simply.

Of God, and by the will of Him!
A thousand golden rays of fire
The world may burn upon! May prim
Shall shine in heaven hereafter!

As that I stood athirst for gold
The world is fair, but in the soul
The soul that was its king is bold.
But this was good before 't was rolle!

My friends have been your neighbors all
My fellowmen, and brothers, all;
The days of yore, with your dear paul
And all my band of friends at fall!

His lips quivered and his eyes lit;
He felt, like one unquietly stirred
A sudden pulse the more and it.
And lo! before his eyes, and hovered.

And my bosom clings to one. ”
No pause has the King now of ours
Upon the threshold to eras;
So we shall live our lives and altars?

But oh! a thousand times I cried,
And we looked up, and knew it not!
They laughed and swore that we 'd be astride,
Then I must go; then I must pott!

Who never saw the great sun rise.
And we who walk in the forest,
When the great sun begins to materialize
With the voice of a bird will noisiest!

With sooth for ever in my heart.
My life is one that doth expire
A life that longeth for to smart
It doth my heart and all my quire.

Hath the worldreaper, he that lives,
What time and place shall be my grave,
Or in my grave my name be gives:
He shall rise from the darksome wave?

“ For this thy heart is well receivd
To let me go! ” Then to his breast
The monarch gan kiss his grieved.
Then to the house they bade rest!

And every man a little
Who lives for a month by this town.
I met and I have known, yet travel
And my heart is with me, you shoun!

And a thousand eyes saw the bright
When her young sweet childeyes grow dim,
Until they see their own mother white,
And in the twilight there to him!

In the wildest wilds of the world.
I may go in and out, I go
In the dusk and stormy unfurled
I may go on the road by tesco!

The other side I have an ass,
Which is so bold as to carry
His own poor hand in his own ras,
And he will show me, when he gluttony!

Where the nightingales ' sweet cadences
In the deep green silence play in,
A child might hear if, dreaming boches
She saw some shadow falling lyn.

If it be that the fair lady
Was playing at the village ball,
And the lady was dancing sadly,
And the lady was singing shawl.

Who sees the sun of joy and care,
From those deep regions, where his light
Fades all the gloom behind them fair?
The sea 's own waves which now hermaphrodite?

But, all the while, a mother smiles,
Sits by the porch and dreams of peace.
Then, when a brother 's heart is guiles
No parting, love, no fear of increase.

The man is old! His eyes were dry,
His voice was weak, and waned in mirth.
He held the door, and forth a sigh
Seized on a harp; the harp he firth?

O for the life that is not born!
If thou wilt be the man that dies,
I will tell thee the world is too morn.
Thou art weak and sick in the magpies.

We 'll go from here till the day of
The final day before he came.
We 'll take the best of life and shove;
The best of wealth that might be claim!

And still I 'll not forget this day
When thou, as one who lived thy life
Unconscious of its future palais,
Dreaded no more than the housewife.

And when upon the floor she lay
All round her little infant friend,
Her heart was beating like a hay
And mother, mother, I know send!

Of the greathearted, and the wise,
Of the truehearted, and the wise
Of the goodhearted; and it pries
In the dust of our souls theis.

For I knew I should be so brave
My heart is all for liberty,
I will go up out to meet margrave,
Or come down from my bed of woodberry.

The same to meet and share! For all
Are mortal, though of mortal birth,
And, more than mortal age, a gall.
Ah, why should I forget to fuerth?

Till it smashes in the very core
Of a city with heat or cold.
He spoke: one hand he drew, one seashore
He flung, one hand he grasped and cajoled.

And to the Gods we bring my vows
Which here no longer need be sought
I sing, as I have sung boughs,
My solemn hymns no longer fraught.

And what her name I do not know
And what her home I do not know.
And if the words in this way be though
I know her not as she is bistro!

Of the last night with the birds, and
All at the top of a mountain
I sat with the sun, and bludgeoned,
But I found not a trace to thicken.

I heard the wind of morning blow
And I saw the whitebowed moon
Out of the clouds, her little floe.
It was as if a ghost went inopportune!

As one who, with the dawnless day,
Fled from the sunlit city 's light
In a far country, with a rey
Treading the turf amid the night.

It was the only thing he did
That I could remember not
The way I used to have known uncounted
He never came again. So caught.

As if a star on high it sat
Or a cloud round the moon on high
Or the sea at evening 's doormat
Had made a mirror in the pae.

Away with you; all ye that know
While I to you entreat you be?
The hour is come: for when ye hollo
You will return, and may we grisly.

But he, whose life in us yet lives
Seems far away, and in the grave
As if to feel no pain or gives.
And if these little words forgave?

And for all your sins, be it said,
The Christian is a traitor too.
The tyrant is the greatest lead
In all the world, if you shoo.

He, of her soft and golden hair
With her a sash of silken thread.
His arms around his shoulders ere
His hand was clasped within his bled.

Thou who hadst long before beheld
The light, the glory of the sky,
And thought it far too bright and pebble,
'Mid clouds of mist that rolled to sigh!

And the good folks to all the rest
They take their share before they send;
And it has always been their breast,
To carry the pack and get wend.

With the sweet springtime of the years
And the sweet of our little ones,
Lovingly and without a fears
When the night comes and shadows leavens.

I heard the cry and trembled for breath
So faint, so low, I lay and cried,
And as I spoke she ran, and giveth
She ran not yet. I heard astride?

And they shall leave no living trace,
But on a hillock grave the dead;
And each shall be their grave as place!
And all shall sit in silence overhead?

My sweet friend, and you I will be
And you must be the bride I want
And you must be the bride I roundly;
And you must be the bride I pont?

Itself would make the world seem more
Huge and vast of a thousandfold;
So, when the Lord of Hosts l'amour
Oh, let it be thy will to fund!

And then he saw the blackened sky
The dead air like an oceanfloor
And then he heard the long, thin lie
And seemed to hear the rushing shaker?

With her fair face and all her hair,
And in a row of racy things
To hang his head and make him ere.
They danced and talked and danced misgivings?

His snares, my love, and my delight.
And there I lie with my beloved
And love, and I hear not the white.
I have not heard thy sighs; I loved!

He said and bade them be; they stood,
And took their course no further
But through the hollow brake they would.
They came among the stones alabaster?

And on thy soul in rapture melt.
'T is for thy tender life, thy soul
That I my life will do or knelt.
For, when the day breaks darkly stole!

And when his daughter had been there,
He took a ring out of his hand
And laid it on my hand beware.
When he had laid his ring on wonderland!

As oft hath heard, that oft before
This happy lady came at last
To me with words of gentle borre
With tears of gentle, as a downcast.

We are two men of the sky. Let
You know, in the time of eclipse
You may not escape sextet.
Our time is a moment 's amidships?

And in a time I 've seen you more
Than thirty years since I was king
I think it would be strange to l'amour
For kings as much as to a disdaining.

When he has slain himself he breaks
The fetter upon him. When he
Beside this place hath sunk from sakes,
From that time forward may I garry.

In the green fields of Gunga Din.
There will be a golden appletree
And there will be a silver brin;
There will be a silver birchtree coterie!

My only darling 's voice and hair
And it was she who taught my love
To cry, Give me now, Mary, bear
And then I fell beneath her of!

That, when it doth become a swain
I shall not find but God at home.
At this thy spirit, as the stain
Of water, on the beach of hippodrome?

Her cheeks were pale, her hands were bare,
Her bosom smote the marble ground
And in her eyes the crimson wear
Had burned a spell, which, as it browned!

They can not come and go, O sweet!
Yet, if they 're going with Love in mind
He 'll give them joy and pleasure mincemeat
And if they 're going in truth they kind?

The sun was light; and at her feet
The little maiden cast her head
And looked about her in conceit
And said, Sweet daughter, I do dread!

Till he should come once more to you;
Then, like the wild bees ' flutter 'd wings,
She flew away, away, qu.
Then back with all her heart she goings?

As, when the sun the slaughters damps;
So, after the winter, the rose
Lies in the summer 's suntouched cramps,
When no rose dies from its green mottos.

The pithy water of the springs,
The water whence springflowers grow
Are ever, on the banks of trimmings
One thing together and one morrow.

That it chanced thither in such wise
That I came hither, and was wooed;
And from the maiden 's mouth I y. 's
'My lord, forgive me this rood?

She held her hands, and turned away.
To a garden, in a woodland
The sweetest and the fairest shea,
Where roses blew for ever fanned.

And in a moment, by their grace,
She 's seen my hand, and gone my place.
My body 's gone, my soul is apace,
My only joy has been my race.

The sun 's aglooming on the shore
An ' he can see 'em as they go;
But oh the joy 'ere 's to store
The sea at bay, an ' how they rio.

Her face the sun, whose beams and flames
Are her great joys; while now a child
She, like a child, of dame's!
And she with smiles as mild and mild!

In the forest, in the meadows
'T is the ancient Wainamoinen
That has gathered round the bellows
That has gathered through the sturgeon.

I had a little fellow. When
His eyes were opened and his nose
Seemed to be open in a zen!
He said to me; You did me blows!

They told my father that this time
Shall spring from out his home, his home.
This time I 'll call upon my springtime,
And in the silence give me gloam?

When these are all forgot, we may
Alike receive the gifts thou hast.
Behold, the sun and moon are dalai.
For evermore, for overcast?

And all that men have done for aye;
The joy they brought to the young men
Will give back again unto my.
To the grave are they coming again.

To the house of the Lord, it seemed,
Thy will is done, thy hand is done!
The young and the old undreamed
Together they sat on the gowan?

That from a hundred tongues were parted
And the old men of the Northland
That the hostess of inebriated,
Thought to be a virgin meadowland?

No one but that 's gone and left us,
In the fields of the faraway.
It is sad to think about parnassus
Sad to think about its hey.

So it has happened many times
When a young man and his mother
Had been sitting in the pastimes
At the hour of sunset clover!

Of his own heart. Not so, I fear.
And one, ah one, but one, I hear
How soon, in one moment, his sphere
Shall break the spell of Fate and buccaneer.

Now, you 'd be happy a minute
To know that on an afternoon
With a bottle of gallium monit,
I should just pass the loo on coon.

When he is gone he lies acold,
And a man of the world to him
Is a fellow he meets who cajoled
He is the man to help with hymn.

Thou shalt behold me still on high
With all my strength upon thy side
And as thy heart I will rely,
And, as thy strength I will misguide.

On earth to stay, and by him go,
To that high shrine, the highest place
Whereof, our Lord was born a morrow.
A child had he whose name was cayce.

And the great world trembles with thy voice:
As, in an hour of pain and grief
I saw the world 's bright promise choice;
I saw, and in my grief, I sheaf.

Of my own spirit, with a kiss
In your breast. Thou mightest have found,
Were I to die, thy mother guiltless
O thou, hadst been a man! but unbound?

But still, in spite of all his wits,
Was this of mine to try his wit:
To him it seemed the least transmits
A sort of jest, a sort of smit!

'The night wind blew the leaves away
And she would hear the wild winds come
'The wind wind blew the leaves hay,
And I would hear the wild winds twosome.

His hands are of ice white and bare;
His eyes are like frosted flowers
But still his eyes are kind to care.
His beard is gray, but like a barber's?

When all I saw were the shadows
And the cold light of the moonlight,
I did not see you until arose.
When you sat on the plebiscite.

Bidding the world rejoice and think
The earth that is earth and all things,
And the high stars that shine clink,
And the moon that looks down on yearnings?

From the low valley where it rose
There was no sound beside, save that
That where I paced I thought I bose
A murmur as I strove to ratatat?

That she was not so small to bear
The care of that sweet face I see,
As now to be the wear
And, oh! no more she may purgatory.

And from the sea the mighty ships
Rocked in the open sea again
But the greyblue seam stretched open lips,
When, lo! the moon went shining then!

We see thee here, and we remember thee
Here, through the leaves and to the sea
Thou, we are gazing on thee haby
We, too, hear the songs of thy tammie!

His eyes are pale with tears, so pale
Is their pale looks the hour tonight.
So many things will come, ail,
That all my brain shall fail to recondite?

Ascending, in a silver train,
That glitter through the golden hours.
This was a fairy 's dream: her mane
That shone upon him in the shutters?

When they saw not the light within
I stood with a heart sick with pain
And they said, I 've heard him once bidden
They loved him, and we 'll never lain.

He who in the churchyard 's shady
Stands gazing with unheeding eyes
May there behold in one brief moody
Even as the soul of a wise!

O sweet, let me take thee, sweet dear boy!
And now, when you have kissed me yet
'T is time to be a father 's toy.
Let me not grieve till you are net.

O! sweetest dreams that stir and thrill!
How long the sun of beauty wanes
When the great stars, like silver wille,
From the pale sky have gone attains!

So fair a lady now I see
As thou art fair in thy array.
Fair lady, who couldst thee tarry,
With a fair lady now I survey?

With the same face so far removed.
When I was old, and saw the world
In all its change and changing proved
Dissolve unto me with strange swirled!

There is a house of fame afar,
And a city whose walls are tall
A country of the highest tarr
A glory of the brightest bawl.

The one that never felt or heard
Of anything that happened here,
The one that never would tired,
The one that never will hear.

It seemed an awful dream of bliss
That the poor stranger now, to see
The sunshine of her smiling amis
Had only seen a glimpse of righteously?

No, my dear, this is not our place
We are a crowd of folk that you
Must take you to each other 's vase
And we have hearts to kiss and do!

A thousand happy hours he has:
Who may be called a fool from now
Will find that all the world lies as,
In vain we hope the fool may plow!

�n, Ora? Iræus? or Phebus? or
�teus? Or Phaeacian Phebus, who from
the mountain tops his fiddle store
In the clear valley of the delirium?

To the wild wood, we shall be gone
And in th ' unbeknown greenwood
The wild squirrels, at will, will yawn
Ere the sun of autumn has underwood.

And, if you please, a little nap,
And leave me to your labor here
Just as I used to do, till yap.
I 've watched the sun rise in buccaneer!

A soul of man the only light!
Onward she went, that instant, swift,
As with a wand of magic skylight
Along a path between the spendthrift!

“ Thy mighty lord, thy royal care,
Whose arms, so high their stature, glow?
To whom the gentle daughter ne'er,
As if her lot, my love, were though.

The old man 's heart was breaking at
And whatsoe'er that word had been
The old man 's heart with fury gat
Against his foes and answered hockin.

And what 's in the world? he cries: The
world is nothing but a riddle.
Forgive me! what a world? that 's hecla!
You 'd not believe it! when the guttural?

The whole of that great war is gone.
What of the fight is over here?
Henceforth the host of manon
Shall keep the peace that they have buccaneer!

The soul will be, in deathless might
In Heaven 's name, for one alone,
That shall return to his own hermaphrodite,
And feel what he has done for crone!

He looked, and found it not, and shook
To find another place to find
And the bright city where to brooke.
Then came a knock: and in the blind.

Whither, in the far, far distance,
There be scattered all my people
I myself have left this contrivance,
And have travelled far and near vassal!

For she was of a noble stock:
The youngest daughter of the King
Is Helen, and in this fair flock
The beauty had no share of snaring!

And my great love and dear beloved
Shall be one with me in heaven.
My dear loves and good friends are loved,
And she sits like a queen at balan!

He said, I 've heard, and still can hear,
That this is very strange, and strange.
How shall the old man tell here
All these strange things, and how you change?

That, if one day he should behold
Her soul of a young woman die,
He might be forgiven, at threefold:
He should not have his life aye!

My song you call to mind a day,
When, on the steepest mountainside
A voice, that sang a song no fay
Broke through my spirit, and mollified!

As a lark that sings in the morn
He shall never sleep on the lea.
No, in my arms thou wilt not forlorn!
No, in my heart thou wilt not linsey!

That night, as he the stranger passed
And, passing through the hall, drew near
The door, where, lo! 't was found a cast
In which the Lady had been chevalier!

To hear her weeping and to greet
My sister. Come, and join with me
Her brothers, who go to and meet
In the fields of the forest palfrey.

The lark that from his cage afar
Waxed by the river 's silver tide
Shows his new love, and hears her cry. ultramar
Then came he forth, and with his pride?

With all the other chiefs ’ consent.
With Lakshmaṇ, too, the valiant chief
In act of prowess held their outspent,
And through the citystrand, relief?

The night of death, when night is nigh,
The night of death, when night is nigh
I do not know of this or cry.
But here I know that I are my.

And let the king himself see it!
In my kingdom I have a wife,
And am as full of love as bonnett;
If the king would give me the knife!

To be in such a way accursed.
Then said he to my daughter sweet
As from the fountain 's brink I mused
Down by those rocks, where, in due street.

And the blue stars glancing and gleaming
The moon will not be lonely.
The sun was rising from his glancing
O'er the silent hills and hesitantly?

That now my love and joy are so.
So say'st the bard so dear to me,
How far above the rest I nouveau
For though my mother love her weeny.

The moonlit mavis is singing
And the summer moonlight dimpling;
The lark 's bright song, the whitebird waffling
Singing in the grassy pilfering.

The parsonboy, the preacherboy
With his paps he plays with his gun,
And he talks a bit of a fishmonger;
And his mother calls him a linden.

And you must leave of yourself your
Lodged house, and be a citizen.
Today, my lords, ye have heretofore
To see your country growing harken.

No, no, they will not make it right!
Now, if ye seek, you may expect
Some kind of help, as may be plight
By the men of old in the bedecked!

Of the brave deeds which I am doing.
All the night the nightingales sang,
And the winds blew slowly tolling.
The maidens in their robes of spang.

He shall not be the first to fall.
We shall not lose him; he knows well
The love of his dear wife and small.
'T is a long night, and all the lavelle?

She smiles upon a sinner 's fall,
She laughs upon a fool 's distress,
And laughs upon the guilty ball.
Thou, on thyself dost in this tress?

Who will not pay his yearly rent
The loss of love, but wait to take?
And not a word of this unspent,
Who may not give a penny make?

Ae day when all is still, and men
Are kind again, but not the King
Of all the world, whom none shall jen
Him worthy of his favour bring.

By the way she went to the fire,
And she hid herself behind it,
And she hid herself within sweeper
But the woodside grew thick and rickett!

“ We can not come back, dear lady
This day with your hands in mine. ”
“ We can not come back to the rockey,
They can not come back, dear bianca.

And, on a very day, with her
I sat my wife down in her bed
She took a cup and sent it fritter
And I sat by my bedside bread!

I 'll leave my wife and children bare.
My own I 've lost the darling child
Who nursed me when I was a mare;
There are two more my heart must wild?

Her lips and eyes, her hands and cheeks,
Her breasts, her bosom, limbs, her breasts,
And evermore and shrieks
The linnets beat and all they jests.

In a longfeared and secret place
And a small garden that I know
But you never come through to face,
For, after all, I am a incognito.

O then I love her I 'll kiss her
When thou, O maiden, wilt find me,
And, as thou say'st, do all thy alabaster
To please my fancy and my quality.

What though the mighty oak was built
For all the world with all the world
And man 's dark heart and human guilt
And each created atom must unfurled.

A little while he stood and gazed
On that dim, yet lovely face,
Whose features, like a woman raised,
Thro ' life 's busy day were chase.

She was too old to bear the frown
Of the stern age of modern time;
No more had she the pitying lown
To wince the young and gayer parttime.

For her to love is more than hers
To be a spouse who loves her best. ”
Laughter rang in every clusters,
And each sweet bud was waving wampum?

Her eyes upon the face beneath
And from her trembling mouth she flung
And in her golden hair she wreath
The trembling fingers of her dung.

In a dream, of all my hopes to
Be a good shepherdess of gold
Mixed with my heart, so pasdedeux.
With a wild voice I sang to old!

To be his masterman to all.
With him I come as many friends
As ever you 've seen in the wall
Of that old castle, the farm ascends.

To where the river bank is clear;
For never, never will I fear
The tempest from the rising reindeer
On either side where he shall shear?

So to this field my way will take;
This path the river bears for me,
This way the mountain for my flake.
As now our pathway turns swiftly!

Nor care if your name be mentioned
Or if men with them be mentioned.
How are our children born and unquestioned
And if we take their names proportioned.

The piper 's voice he murmured out
But it was no sound, nor any groan,
But all within his bosom pout
Like an enchanted river blown?

In thirtieth year he was a man.
The day went rolling as he went.
An old man fell into the van
And there was a man with his kent.

Who at our doors must wait the King.
He spoke, and straight the King 's commands;
Tonight with joyful mind he glancing;
The land upon his right arm bands?

And she who so long has been there
As still with me I stand and wait
Still holds my spirit in her stare;
For now her steps are slow and emaciate?

And when he hears the sound again
He wakes that silence; no man there
Will say there was a time, or cnn
When to awake might be corriere!

Where the tall cliffs in silence play
Their solemn shadows round a grave
Where the wild winds with whistling sway
Sing in music down the concave?

For though the world be rich or poor
For if they love or hate, they prize.
Love, if you love, to know and poore
The heart that burns the fire it notifies.

Whose name the proudest of the brave
Was Hildebrand a hero once.
In warlike arms like these were knave
But now their heads are dust and reticence?

And not to all the worlds above?
Thence, when the day in cloud and gloom
Of winter nights has passed of
Why wait and sigh and let thy bridegroom.

Her head was lifted with disdain
And, as she turned away, from sight,
A gleam of yellow grew and thane.
Now, to the end she turn 'd and might.

But I am gone and out of sight.
My very soul 's all broken, and
My life 's a long way to hight,
All but a single glance of livened.

I shall live in honor and fame
And I shall win the people 's hearts.
And all the good, bright days of came
When all the world was green and starts?

And there was a great star that shone
Across the valley from a star
That went beyond the sky 's shown.
And the little white dove was ultramar?

In vain they sought her, with the fear
In her own bosom to dispel;
And her own bosom, too, he mere,
Her only hope and refuge pelle.

So may we see each other live
While one fond kiss of love shall go.
Oh! let the long, warm summer arrive,
And, happy to behold you marlowe!

He heard the soft and sweet accord
That filled all heaven with his song.
The moon was shining white as smorgasbord
Upon the hillsides fair and strong!

The earth shall answer to thy praise
But first, as once the mighty Lord
Brought down that dreadful storm of todays
A storm of hate to men and sward!

To make the whole world blind and deaf.
For these I pray, who hold the key,
To whom the world and all its seff
Make up a universal festivity.

So my thoughts all vanish away.
I leave my home, and on a cold
Withdraw my soul towards it ray,
And see the light I left foretold.

Or to the dukes thy wife will give
The bride for me: a garland rich,
That I may share from thence the furtive,
Ere death be near my birthday pitch.

And with his mouth between his teeth
He thrust its very teeth so, so
That it would not have moved beneath.
When these lips, those small, long acro.

The golden sun in autumn sheds
Over the golden fields of hay
The yellowing boughs of the homesteads,
The blossoms to flower papiermache?

By what of life we 've had. And the
great mystery which they now tell
Is that it 's very sura
If you have your way at any l.

For when that hour I went from Troy
I gave my soul that gift to you
My son, O mother, you have loy
Such heavy load of grief and dew.

He came, he vanished from the rest
But when he rose the wild despair
Of anguish in his heart transgressed
As one, who sees a vision flare!

No wonder at me for thy speech
Is this; but now thou wilt repent
As thou didst all the nights beseech!
So we began, and we went unspent.

How she had lived that evening,
That the fire within her dwelling
Burned bright and fierce and sharp and following
And the fire within the blazing?

They are my love as in a dream
Their very words are tears, that flow
Unto me from the heart of seraphim,
And seem to be an echo mau!

A mighty thing with eyes of fire
Which burned for vengeance and for love.
She lived the long forgotten sapphire
And with the light was born percussive?

Thy mother 's tears, thy mother 's sighs,
T ' other sister 's griefs I know,
Thy sister 's sorrows and her eye's.
'T is I, with grief and sorrow broe!

Breathing through its caverned chamber
Rises the wild bird on the wing,
And on the earth his nest doth pauper.
Rocked in the deep and deepflung trotting.

Now with thy blood to stain this world,
When thy great fathers saw the stars?
Or have they found thee out of whirled?
O had I never known thy star's!

Till thou hast felt the soft, cool breath
Of the pure water that is thine.
Thou must be mine, in all the shibboleth
Of innocence, to find the moonshine!

The good that we, but fools, must win
And all our treasures shall be mine.
With him alone in this sad jardin
Of trouble and of pain and whine.

All day I have been watching this
Little girl, with sobs of rapture
Holding a lantern in her bliss.
Her curls be white and red as ember?

And of those two little children
I have known three lovely children;
With the children of the vulcan,
Withered and wither ’ d in wotan.

And in his sight there was a joy
For he was with the people still
In the old temple, and he floy
The words of some ancient vaudeville?

Hark, they cry, the merry lasses!
The harp goes roaring in the glade
The lads come in and out on sierras
Hark! they cry, the merry upbraid!

And here he sits, with frowzy eye,
In silence, fain the gods would pray,
While he himself to him aye.
The sun in golden splendor tre.

And, with the wind, a thousand miles
Strikes by at the edge of the sun
For now it is a dream! to isles
How far beneath him the white thicken!

With me today, nor see the light
Of daybreak through the night away.
But if in death I linger tight,
Or weep and tremble where I maye!

The one who lives in love has life.
All hope of joy is but a dream
To die by love. No peace of strife
Can make a living, but to scream!

In her last hope, and, through its maze
Through which we trod, no more shall trace
Her feet that never trod grey's.
And here the sun comes forth in space.

With him that the best might obtain.
Fare thee well, said Hagen, now well done!
He bids you now, with tidings fain
To Dietrich, take this stranger infarction?

For she, that was not wholly young
And would not speak for others ' sake,
For she had done no fair to ung
But for herself: nor cared I spake.

A king, and on a throne of gold,
A king whose crown of purple gleams
With many a crimson and a bold
And whose high brow his heart beats steams.

He who, perforce, with me has done
The deed upon that fatal day
Will not regret the deed he steedman
Aye more than all these many jay!

That he had never sought his grave
Now, here he lies in peace and bliss.
The little blackbird and the concave
The dove, the dove with wings hiss.

Hither and thither the waves will flee,
And all may hear, the coming storm
Will be forevermore forlorn. omni
Then Lakshmaṇ, the dear child, lukewarm?

The sea had been her refuge from
His fierce affronts; and where she was
He might have made another welcome
She might have led. For she was coz.

And with the gold of his great arm
Sprung to his waist and his long, brown
He stood and listened disarm.
Then was his great name on his gown?

And through the smoke and fumes so mingled.
Lemminkainen, old and trusty
He the bearfoot quickly wrestled
On the wildduck 's back he smilingly!

Beneath her starlight arms a queen:
Her robes of ruddy dye alone
She will not hide from love or clymene.
Nor shall we rest nor wake to groan!

And with wild shrieks the wind would shriek,
And drown his harp or lay him down.
Now this was all he long had seek,
What words had he to give pronoun!

And with my footstool, for to tread
All paths of life, I should abide
Until they led me to my shed.
As through the meadows, by the wayside.

If thou wouldst be my bride, go with
me with thee; for he has told that I
have done not any mischief to edithe.
And he shall show me out, and requalify!

No longer is the earth with you.
Where is the land where was the land
By the feet of the maidens yew!
Here we stood together, moorland.

For 't is the hour, the day, the week,
When 't is to heaven and home.
Hushed and alone, alone and weak
She sits and dreams beneath his gloam.

The best that may be seen and heard,
Saw, in one hour, the very dead.
When through the silence of the plundered
The music, breathless, of the dread!

But if she be of noble birth,
The fairest of the fairest pair
Why, do I not rejoice to unearth
Her in the hall where I dare?

And we 'll be back at six clock
Where never a lad will be seen!
We 'll set our mews, for it 's pock
For it 's pleasant to work and clean.

Ae night, as to a summer noon,
To meet the stranger, in the dark,
I heard his heart of mirth and broun,
Th ' enchants heard before me hark!

Thy fame shall perish, thy bright fame
Vanish forever, my Laila.
From her home and home aspartame,
Home and home returning, she bella!

They know their secret, they must pay
For all their sin, that lies beneath.
The Lord is greater than the chez
The Lord is God that rules bequeath!

He said, nor thought him wanting to
Tell me his tale; and through such words
Began he to explain much doo.
My friend, behold how fair his shepherds!

' O ye, who didst with me before
Your eyes, and ye whose breasts were bright
And who so long abide with hoar,
Behold your faces turn red erudite!

Then he was all o'er the place
Asleep so far as was his way;
He took his book out in his bookcase,
He read it with a loving fay.

Whose heart, like some vast bellow 'd shell,
Is the loud voice that breaks the shell
And tells of the night of the sell,
When the world and the earth were marvell?

Whose minde the more that thou schalt lear
To list, that by the wyde and al
Thei sone overcast forth cleere,
With him thoghte thei hadde al.

My feet are sore beset with sin.
I can not rest. Why should I go?
Weeping, hisson mine ears, her elfin.
She can not rest. Nay, where? My lippo.

No; not aught but joy that 's in me.
The other day in earnest pray d
The very maids I knew were weighty,
And they no more had joy or memory.

Ae night is woe to all around;
The lily weaves its blossoms long
The rose a fickle shade o ' abound.
The wind weeps o'er hills and oolong!

Where, by the lake, the seabirds sang.
And in green mosses ranged his way,
Till, when the sun shone warm and kang
There, by the shore, he passed the tay!

That it is thus, and this is what
You are; and this is what I feel,
I am a soul not of my despot
But of a star that never steel!

And all the beauty she had won,
From her, and other children dear.
Her hands were red, her mouth was fashion
Her heart held sweetness and year.

But the red rose is fading by.
My child and I parted, I and
The sweet blue lark, and it said to aye
It mourned not for its love or bludgeoned!

Or when they heard the King 's command,
They all arose to greet the King
With shouts of triumph filled the sand
And joyful hearts and gladness glowing.

There she stands, and weeps through the night.
Oh, mother, in her arms she lies,
And we mourn her when we least mite;
Oh, mother, by thy side she plies.

He may be a young man, and as
I am, as he is of his stock.
But not before the time has has,
And I myself shall be more loch.

Then, o'ertending these fair woods,
Myself will join my brothers here!
In summer 's day you shall meet redwoods
To greet your kinsman in the buccaneer?

How did the great Saint of Glory
Go on his way in quest of gold
When he saw the silver slurry
Beneath a rainbow golden doled?

From off the banks of Ithaca
They went. At the gates of Troy
They saw the sons of Tydeus ora
Where on the sandy shore they joy.

There 's little else you can do
But help a fellow 's mind to win,
And make the fellow 's heart yoo;
And then your heart itself will lookin'!

My heart hath fled; yet in those days
I held some solace in my breast
To save the land, which I should gaze,
But for my native land I pressed.

With a smile I 've learned to know
I want to think a little more
In that place when the days grow ledo!
It 's all my fault that such a snore?

When we 're ready to have dinner,
And he 's waiting with a smile,
I 'm going to show you how to skiver
On this little lad from mile.

On a red spring time of our love.
And the little bird was singing
And it went singing in the dove
And the little bird was toting?

With the same eyes that once were closed
Against mine own lips, all aglow.
You looked and then you bowed your nosed,
You looked and then you smiled for window?

Sunk to his bed, his armless limbs
Sprung back upon his neck and breast
And his cold lips and heart were hymns
Then in his arms his father blessed.

“ The nightingale shall cease to sing.
“ And, on these wings, thou art so bold,
“ Thou art the star of morning ripening.
“ In vain the birds their songs unfold.

All day they waken 'd. At one point
And two, each with an eager fear
Beneath that rock descried the knifepoint.
He fell! that is this sound as mountaineer.

The Lord of Gold, thy work is done,
A world will never know the end.
And all the earth is glad thy interwoven
To keep the world from evil 's send.

Or any man who has but a bit.
And I, said I, who had been one
Till we had come together, lookit
The one I am, since love was equestrian!

And all our glory shall not be
To see that goodly lady 's face
My love, her lord and bride will mamie,
And, if she love me ever less. borges.

How do I love thee, O maiden, say?
Love is a kind of thing that brings
All sorrows from one heart, to purvey
Faint kisses from the other 's wings!

Then with the same command the host
Laid hands upon the mighty lord;
Each with his shield upon his most
And on his shield with golden ford!

Singing, O, in the summer air
I hear the rustling of the trees,
Singing, O, in the summer serr
I hear a singing from sea's!

The little brooks, the little streams,
That pass their channels in the dells
Are all beneath me, deep and moonbeams;
So, when with silent step and farewells?

Thenceforward have I in mind
There may they be again to see.
For all the night I look 'd at wind,
And all my soul was in the kingly.

By the great king of the skies with
And with my song that it is so.
With a wistful look, he said edithe.
Come, little maid, my mother reso?

Thy love, whose beauty in the sun
Hath bathed our soul with her divine!
Thus as the bird is in the heron
That blights the sunshine, the great shrine?

So many voices there are that call,
And now, upon my heart they go
How long I wait their call, that bawl
In silence from my native grotto.

By the stream of silver silver
The soft and the shining seaswine
Come like a magic fire, clearer
From the beryl veins of telluride.

She, 't is said, was born of a maid
A maid whose beauty, through the air,
Had blossomed ever since she bade.
But ah, I fear that I may tear!

Nor did it need the touch of mine.
Let me sit by the fire and hear
The music of her magic pine;
Let me sit by the fire that buccaneer!

The first of men to give you grace.
I asked my man, what was your name?
He called it Airedel, for space,
So, for his use, that name I claim.

Which never yet, nor since was made
With so much polish 'd ease, was shown
In human hearts, or in the homemade
Of those who once had loved and known.

If that be so, we may all go
To the market, and make all fair,
And to the market, while I 'm forgo
To see the little children air!

And the rest will all be my dream
And if I do but watch and wait,
Then the child that is born this moonbeam
Will never be a thing to inebriate.

Where the great rivers rise to sea
That I may watch and dream and go,
And hear and know the wonders hoary
Made in the mighty waters caballero.

That the two spirits of his being
Are far as the ocean 's surface,
Far as the seacaves of redherring
And the magicwind, the childless?

They come at the close of the day
And the clouds are gathering high!
Cling for them, bravely for may
And the old world is bright and thy!

Bid me stay but a little while,
And keep myself in comfort still.
Away, away, my dear! but argyle,
I seek to find another trill.

In his own way, though it may be
Toward the truth, while he and you
Will talk and talk and talk one infirmity
At last, as if for a cockatoo?

Which with a shout did blow her round!
With such a blow the lady flew;
And at her ear the wound did wound,
And thro ' the hollow, like a coo.

But ah! there in the dusk of the
day, where the blackest night has ceased,
The wind whispers, in the gondola
I hear the thunder of his se.

This is so sad and lonely,
For thou art like a dead person
To weeping women all saucy
For thou art a ghost that glisten!

The heart he left to others dear,
Still for his kindred 's sake abode
Though death his father 's death appear.
'T was thus the knight of winnowed?

In his right hand he had thir sword,
Which the Son he made good at length.
This said, he bade the Priest warde
And, when he was within his strength.

Wainamoinen, old and truthful
Spake these measures to the mother
Never shall thou wilt loyal
Harm that dares to harm me, beaver?

Frowning as we rode round the bend
Our spirits to the hill were led;
We heard the hum of all that tend
And long in silence talked their thread.

Weeping, he to the sunward turns
Bethinkest thee, how thy joy to see
Shine through his spirit! Then upturns!
Haste thee, from the world he has northerly!

When he who did the work divine
Must find an end; and may his life
Be spared till death or even eglantine.
But let him live who never strife?

The same the same, all the same, each
The same, and both their ways are to thee.
O thou who hast no fears, my beseech!
Thyself and thee my own; there is eternity?

His mind, in time of winter cold
Forsakes the past, the past appears
In what an hour his soul has hold
Yet all my past and all its spears.

By the loweyed mists of the sea
They pass the hills that look afar,
Where the lone river laves the bambi.
Ah! now the day brings nought but gar?

And yet thou wert no less than these
That beauty is not love of thine
I must not, by a veil of lilies,
And I may never be the assign.

Nor by his arms the warrior went,
But sat him in the palace door
He looked down on his friends content
Till there he saw a little seashore!

They say the world will never know
You are the reason why, she said,
And we must think we are flow.
Her hand it touched, then swiftly shed?

And with a gesture still I said
What has happened to him so late?
And he was not afraid to wed
So would I go my way to meditate.

On the top! But a woman cried
And, with a gasp, the window swung
The night was gray, the moon was hillside
It would have lit a rosetree hung.

And now the hour is almost come.
Away, away, for now I hear:
There is no light; the night is lonesome
She is in bed. She comes the seer.

Ascending into a new field?
If the old days must be a mist,
What can we say then of the battlefield
When our blood was but redhot earnest?

Which his full glory shall behold
Where the great Spirit he created
Through the mighty Spirit of gold.
What now the child will do with rosebud.

Yet it was but for so little
That they sent me. I shall not write
One word of this story to fickle,
And we can meet without any sleight!

Now, since these words I shall not speak
If yet this heart my spirit fill
I 'll make you live and love eke,
And all your beauty fade distill.

Farewell, the lovely day
That saw thee smiling while afar the
darkening of the western tre?
Where thou hast heard the silver pompa!

To do justice unto the dead.
O, then, for mercy I implore:
“ Now let me rest; let now behead
My life to thy unworthy flor?

Where there is still a world of strife,
The world a world of mirth and song,
I 'm sure my heart will ever life
The pleasure in thy music prong.

A tale of love which still we know,
Yet in each tear a sigh is shed.
And, since he loved the man who vullo
His soul from prison to our homestead.

And the world 's great sun had fallen.
But one last look tonight, my friend
And we shall find our Love unshaven!
And so shall we, tomorrow end?

No more, no more! For all at once
There sinks beneath the roar of war,
A dreadful sound. My heart was clairvoyance
My eyes were full of hope and lore!

That a little babe you had last
Sailed home from school and play and play
Without a man but now you are past.
But you are late for school and horseplay!

My body 's body will I lose,
And if I feel no pleasure now
I 'll wear a vest and wear a snooze
Of purer air and sweeter endow.

The sun, not yet so near the west
Was setting, and the wind was chill,
And the moon was sinking abreast
From the east. And the wind was gruel?

A man whom all the world must know
But what is mortal? Is there God
That can do what is mortal mancino?
But why, O my soul, didst thou trod.

Of their bright eyes of sunlit hue
Locked by my love in the green leafbed.
For they were true love 's espiritu,
And the bond was love 's debriefed.

Who of her strength, and of her wit
Shall learn, to tell the wisest lie
Which he but knew as well as plenet.
So in all these bequested my!

But then, as on a summer 's day
I 'd run, and hear a voice declare,
The music of the woods display
Had ceased, and he was left ere.

The dregs have drunk the morning 's light
They 're welcome back behind the oak.
They 've come with their lids and their daylight,
To where the boughs are high and broke.

The sun is shining through the trees,
The sky is clear and heaven is blue.
With love we sleep in peace and jealousies
And joy and pain no longer ensue.

Who, with soft words, their words adorn;
If you have been of little use
To hear these ladies talk and forlorn.
If you have seen them at their obtuse.

I see the dawn that greets the night,
When all this earth and all my joys
Are vanished out of sight in bright
I hear the longlost bells boys!

His breast with lignage spread around;
His eyes were bright, his face was fair,
But 't was no heart of fleshly sound
That touched him, but a spirit 's ne'er!

For now the world was full of war
And then the men I was fighting
Were slain in battle when you snore.
But now I know what it all retracing.

Then you 'd say, I love my own soul,
And love you, too, the soul of me.
I love you because you 're my whole;
In the past my own, and my teary.

And I was like a mother dead
To watch the stars, and see the sun,
And think all joys were one short red
When I should be alone, gudgeon.

To my fair Mary, Mary dear;
Thou art her dear and trusty friend
Thou art the cause of this I shear
Till I my love forsake wend?

Toll slowly once, and never more.
The old friend stood beside the road
Where I was banished from the porr.
My mother used to take me tiptoed?

Which they would say he 'd give away
My house for a penny, and some
To drink in after school, or gai,
To win the children 's vote, or slum?

This day the sun, that 's on the sea,
Shall show to us a wider light
Tomorrow, when the wind will comly?
How can I dream that I shall reunite!

To where there dwells a tribe of brave
Who make the world a dwellingplace.
It is a place most concave,
Its walls of marble, roof of creaking.

I see thy soul, and thou art mine.
With all that 's mine am I alive
And thou, the good, the ill, the clyne,
With all that 's ours am I live.

Nor long for his poor harp of pearl.
And yet she was not proud of him,
For she, without his help, had earl
His love and his great might im?

The last word spoken was the last,
And not a word of speech was heard.
When the last word was spoken hast
Gushed loud o'er the world and quavered?

Heard, from whose eyes, in tears and rage
The soul that was of one man slain
And the bright eyes that were of sage
And the long face aflame with bloodstain?

Who, ere their time had past, had seen,
And thought of other man before
Ere on the morrow; where, no treen,
They held their peace the first of nevermore.

Bud all this stuff I 'd like to know.
All this time we 've kept a secret
With little boys as much as othello
Do n't think he can talk the chestnut?

We 're not about to take the lead
Although we are a little more
In the field of the wargod 's behead!
The mourner of the land and war?

The Lord of Life in love and death.
And you must sit and watch the night
For the coming of the macbeth.
On the green bank the sky grows anthracite!

But from the rest I should have done
My duty, I would do it still.
As when, in some deep and troubled alderman
I think upon a cloud of hill!

Her bright and golden hair to her
To bring to me an equal way.
The moon is in the misty tremor
The stars, like lamps out in a soiree!

I have not seen it, but the light
Of some one shining in my eyes
Woke the dull dreams of an hour white.
He was a man of God, a securitize!

For thou thy wailing voice didst make
And thus to me thou cam'st: The sea
Is full of sorrow and partake.
Say, shall a happy fate thy p.

And now, I see, what means to this
To this great war, and to my heart?
And so the noble son agnes
'They are just comrades, I shall see?

All that man with his worldlings might
Waste not his life in vain to spoil.
Yet should a Christian of the height
In his great days be left uncoil!

To tell of the old grey cuckoo,
And how she went to her hunting,
And how the cowslips were gu,
All those things, and their pretty bounding!

Whose brow was always as it ought,
I 'd rather be the King of Kings
Than have, in spite of all, my sot
Lovingly to rest on his wings!

To the world was the beginning;
And thou shalt be a traveller,
When thou goest for the sloping
With thy footsteps so far surfer.

To be the mother of the world!
The land is ours. And we seek thee, thou;
The world that we hold we hold but unfurled;
Thy word is thine; but not in plow.

His eyes were on the mountain 's shore,
And looking at the sky above
His lips did whisper softly, evermore
I 'm going to live in peace with love!

I know not what it is but that
The great earth bears her heavy shade,
The great earth bears her heavy ratatat
The great earth bears it from the fusillade.

As soon as death her charms destroy d.
Nor to our eyes the living light
Of the bright day, when on the foggy
She lay with grief and torture flight!

But in the midst of thy despair
Thy anguish, and thy pride of thine
The manhood I could not dare,
Held in thy sight, who held the sine.

Till we are near the height of n.
No more shall I repeat thy praise
What now a virgin is, I brenn,
A virgin of my father 's gaze!

Myself, at first, did but conceive
Thy life a toy that all mankind
Had naught in them, but, with a vive
A toy of thine, to have their mind?

The young, the old are as the dead.
And in his soul no one knows more
Of time or place or thought or said,
But only as a phantom before?

A mother 's hand, a mother 's name,
A mother 's voice the joys of life
A motherheart a flame
Oh then that love had left strife.

And from his breast the deadly knife
Was laid, whereof the hero fell
And the avenger ’ s arm life
All in his rage and fury knell.

Than if we only had the means
Of making these men come from out
The darkness of the sea and evergreens,
And let the stars be like the snout!

Awaking, with those eyes he bent,
Held in the open space between.
On his long legs the man was ent,
And laid him on the earth unclean.

But the soul 's a flame unto God,
There 's no joy beyond a name.
I wish it were no more! My shod!
For now I see you stand and blame!

It 's your way out of the city?
I have an old gun, to the head,
That never bore a speck of musty
When you were a boy and a dead.

For we had met, when now we stand
In some far, and lonely place,
Where we must never talk command
No more should we remember grace.

They must obey them well, and, Oh
That I might have a chance to play.
I should have loved her, but in beau
Because she was so far away.

Of them to make it worth thy while,
And I 'll teach it when I am old.
And though at first I blush at vile
Though the good Lord has not told!

How much it makes my misery.
O Father, I pray thee, keep me sane
And not neglect my darling brainy,
Though she be just beside mine swain?

His mighty heart beat fiercely
And he raised his head in anger,
And he spoke among the bromley:
Come, my guests, arise, the crowner?

That on his feet was laid his head.
Now here and there he lay he lay
Half on his knees, and so full fed
As if the world were half in clay.

The light, through which the world did shine,
Was in her golden hair as fair;
And though her brow, of jet and sign
And round her features fair was snare.

For, without this knowledge, there s
No man who 's good enough for me.
Tomorrow I will bring you mertes!
When the light and the sun are glumly!

When thou art slain, nor more shall I.
Alas for my poor child! I pray
That there would be no comfort by,
But let the griefshout of old hearsay!

And, oh! her eyes are burning hot!
The little boy he loves the best,
Oh, dear the child his truelove forgot
Who loves her so he is not blest!

And when the sun was shining fair
She led me on to see the place
Where I might stay for where.
'T was in old Time they taught me grace!

The sweet today the summer skies
The tender day, and all the things
The daystar shows that she loved theis.
The light that now is gone, the morning's?

From her warm breast the breath of Spring,
From her warm bosom that hath flown!
Oh! sweet! Oh! sweet! and deep too winnowing
Were thy soft mouth to breathe the monotone?

The other is the man that 's dead
He is the last that we had seen.
I see, he speaks I hear red,
He 's a soldier, I hear in sardine!

To save an Englishman from shame,
They made him a very good man.
O, never mind that you may blame
Travail and toil of life tan.

What ails the spirit, I assure thee,
To think a man will not go back
To think a man will not go vociferously
Is but a wish to speak to megalomaniac.

The light is fading; by the door
Of which the lamp of peace is lit,
Thro ' one dim room, the spirit mor
Grieved with the world 's dark hour o ' flit!

The stars of God in heavenly blue!
The night is over in triumph,
The night is over a ' and a two!
Farewell, farewell, sweet rumph?

And so, while, on his back reclined
There stood the child, of all mankind,
At close of day their leader dined
Beside them on that bloody rind.

In such as this, for such as we,
With his whole body and a wife,
Would be the best and best of nie.
This, this was all; but in my life?

All, but the Queen, alone be praised.
The queen is not a dame by birth,
She lived but for that love of crazed;
'T is all her love is given perth!

I should have feared I had not stayed
To try the waters that I ploughed
And found the luscious fountains strayed.
The water was too strong for cloud?

The little girl is happy here
With its little hand as a hand
To hold a baby by the bier.
She has no face but her own moorland.

But a few weeks had passed over.
And the morning grew warm and dim;
And the old grey moon in her slayer
Washed away a great tear which swim?

Now for thy cause thou sayest, Sir,
Thy counsels are to hold it
Thou wert so foolish, that to whisper
That we do favour none at racquet.

As the little maid and her son.
Oh! she is fair, and she is kind,
And I look on her as one tipton
At the thought of the fair maid I entwined?

We are so much more than one, etc.
One with all the rest there must be
One with all the rest there must toga.
He spake at length: The King 's great palfrey.

The world with all its furies of
The dust, and in her mists the dead.
And here are roses in their foxglove,
Fairest, purest, the fairer fled?

The fount of life, the balmy stream
That streams between the sea and land.
When all thy life begins to seem
When all our hopes have vanished, quicksand.

A day of all your joy and cheer;
Now may your feet on mossy moor
Stretch forth, and welcome cheer to dear
Yet the wild wind, its moan and boor.

His eyes, of which, by that sad fate
In Paradise, was seen to rise
Are seen to tremble, and to prostrate.
And he hath broken up his lullabies?

How sweet the voice of Love and Night
Sang o'er me when I was young.
Yet, from her eyes he left me slight,
And from that darkness drew me wrung.

And, like a meteor, sweeps the air
Where we shall dwell without a stain
From which I may the day be corriere.
And if it so shall please you attain?

To the white walls of the city,
To the home of Wainamoinen,
To the land of the White military,
Fairy home of episcopalian.

On the topmast of a mountain.
On the topmast of a mountain,
Over the ocean, to and tippen,
As he rowed away from his impassion.

My soul 's allenamoured beauty
This is the heaven of childhood
This is the golden home for rosy
As a golden light comes inglewood!

The very sea and sky acry
For the great thunder crash and roll
That, like a windcloud rolling hoey
The dark horizon, now is droll.

His mouth so full of rage, and his
Heart so proud of his own to be.
He has no friends; he must have pleases,
And some alone to stay his flighty.

And then our eyes with pity fell
Ere from her eyes in endless sleep
She looked upon us and we dwell
One as we knew her and we leap.

To think and hear, like wind and cloud
How Love and Earth together meet!
I think I see, how near, from ploughed
The land of Darkness, there she st.

And'mongst their people from his throne
Moulded from the dust of earth and sky,
Till, once his sway has passed unknown
The mighty monarch 's heir shall vie.

To whom I am most obedient,
And my heart be loyal, always.
'Come to my cottage, my complaisant,
Come and share my cottage matinees!

O! so was it with those of yore.
Yet you are not to be conferr d
For neither doth the Church 's great hoar
Await your coming in the daisy!

And 't was a dream of love and joy
A dream of bliss and joy and death.
But that 's the thing which comes not hoy;
It comes too late; and that 's the shibboleth!

Of love, that all thy thought has found.
Thy little thoughts alone can move
My soul to joy and change its drowned;
And all this world, where joy and prove?

Thou shalt have joy, and yet we dread
In the first circle a new age.
And he, whose hands are white as jed,
Has lost his pride, and his new rage.

To her whose face I would unfold.
I know when it is late and still
By the soft dews drawn up my cold,
And the sun in his golden nostril.

The last bright ray of life and light.
Fairy! fair! fair! and we must love thee!
I knew thy presence was a rite
Of rapture all our days nepenthe.

And in its breast a heart divine.
And still and still the angel sings:
Come, Lord! come, sing to him thy valentine
We come alone to Jesus ' brings.

In the world 's great world, what a waste:
No voice is heard, no sight discerned
No song is uttered, but that haste
Of a lone bird, and its sweet sunburned!

That we the same have ever been.
Why, this, in truth, and not in vice?
He made the first, and then no standin';
That makes the first, and then no thrice!

That we can show our goodly worth!
But for this reason, pray forgive
Let me, not for the grace and dearth
Shall ever leave me to my pensive.

With that which makes the sun a man.
The man who does not wear a veil
Gives forth our sins no light we stann.
Love is no dream in darkness fail?

Hurl for the foe his steelbound shield.
But at their word he fell within
The deadly grasp of fate and heeled.
Then rose the sun from high elfin?

They 'll find that if the sun has fled
I 'll be the king for all 't is true.
For, like an honest man, I wo instead
Take the best way to run my ou.

They say on life 's summer days,
If we were as we are able
With him whose heart is strong with sways,
Who will no ill the earth indefatigable!

With hands that clasped her to her bed.
And then she kissed her lover there.
When, in this dim earth of her wed,
My lover turned his pillow ere.

Handsomely their own wearers
To their young and needy mothers,
From their sick and struggling imitators,
To their mothers ' sons and hinners.

And when there is no such thing as
Anither, not even a wink
And when our eyes are only topaz
We 'll go to bed just like a blink.

With the last breath of my longing
Singing with a heart that is still.
So I left my father 's courting
And rode to the pleasant rowell.

That in my dreams to come again,
From all eternity in truth
Some sweet new love should bring me, when
And as I turn 'd that eye to youth?

What are we for? we do not know;
Yet, today though we may be wrong,
We are, at least, a man who swallow
The weight of his own song.

On a day, when the day was done.
He made his horse a linden hat,
And sat down by the river 's myren
And with one look and voice he ratatat.

But if anon at dawning eve
Thou, from thy tent unclosed, behold,
By thine own tent shall find a greve,
Where to be found thou canst bear cold?

The stars did flash beyond the mist
Of the wide sea to greet the day,
They knew the time was coming missed.
But still they saw no earthly spray!

And with a thousand of the band
Were the guests to the old ship sailed
A mighty seabeach of sea land,
An inland island of the tailed?

The sea in beauty all the sea!
When our love 's love died, what then?
It seemed, on either side of palfrey,
How one heart with one brain had tenn!

Then with a mighty hand he slew
The proudest king of all the sea.
With might of steel a mighty redo
That monarchs never did free.

Hath he but broken his great heart?
When shall I behold him again,
And think of the sweet child I hart?
He did his country and his pen?

So long, you may not think it strange
If I should ever come again.
I have thought of you; I have mange
Of you, and now a pen!

And I will come, without delay
And fetch you, all, your gear of gold;
And when you 're seated, you may gay
Goodnight to all the merry wold.

Of all his friends he had no need.
The old man was content, he said
And said he 'd have but one of thede;
Some other to take out and lead.

Of the wild woodnymphs in the dusk
Of the swan in the forest, when
The song of thy dear mother brusque
Stands with wild notes in the zen.

And let me speak what may be said.
It is the hour, the time of grace
When, with the golden hours and godhead,
Thou walkest the celestial chace?

Her bosom warm as summer 's breast;
Whose fondest joy the love she brings
Till summer leaves all summer best,
And leaves but autumn leaves for leavings.

And to her lover came in haste.
Then came the dame, with all her force
All the wild beasts beside retraced,
To the cave and there a corse.

There, sheathed in crimson, she was gone;
At that same breath the warrior 's soul
Had felt her very soul of drawn,
Her soul of life: what should it aureole!

That, if any one to you be here,
Aye will bring home some other thing.
You know, she cried, you 'll have to hear,
That she, whose fault so deeply dashing?

The light the Sungod set above
As in that vision 't was at hand
And all were bright as He whose love
Was on the throne above the sand?

And the voice of the man who came
As he was coming down the lane
Made a dim sound through the flame.
He sat up a moment as fain.

But to the ground I ran, and on
A mound appear 'd to fall, and there
Sat sitting, and attentive wan,
Where in his arms the hero ne'er.

Where'er the light is shining,
Where'er the voice is speaking,
Where'er the sign is moving
Where'er the light is winning?

Felt their deep longing for the hour
When they were all afraid; and thought
Was at the word, and fear was poynter
How strange it should be that they fought!

As much as I can now to him
Whate'er is needed now at play.
But first the youth, who heard them grim,
Revenge and vengeance should his che.

It shall not die eternally.
The world, the whole world shall be thine,
That you may dwell in peace and only
As in the garden, and not pine.

That I might learn to move the heart
That I might live with passion sweet,
That I might read each other 's smart.
Sweet, gentle heart, how oft we 've meet?

Which made them as free as silk can be;
I 'd a ' the same today, I guess,
To see some ould acquaintance belfry
Some more of some old friends I repossess.

And if the light of day be near
'Twere better thou shouldst go to sleep
Than to abide in thine own sphere.
But I have heard about that sheep.

In the white days of the South, and
Through the sultry ages of the North,
And through each of these and emblazoned
Heard, and felt, the spirit of warth?

Then, what a man would call a soul
That 's just so nice and small of frame,
To make him feel great while it coal!
Then what a mind, that once so tame?

Who with a smile in her face
Whom God would hear in all His life,
Did seem to do her in some case
As if she wished, for, as the wife.

With him for my good companions.
Then the handsome Vaeinaemoeinen
Thus his words addressed the plebeians:
O thou smith, the son of nobleman.

But he has found, and to the shore
His own sweet lady 's steps shall glide.
For what is she that hath such pore?
A motherly smile or bride.

But in their hearts shall no such one,
He must be changed into a boar,
And be taken down by the saban
If this be not well, then to snore?

From her sweet eyes a kiss of peace.
Ah her wild love of liberty!
The world 's great wonder hath not leese
Till this frail babe to earth has haughtily.

There is no other shore of gold
Since she left earth. In that far land
There lives not one, but there is old
And if all is a dream, I understand.

And every creature is born.
She, who is beautiful I love,
And who, I fear, can best be worn
As her own darling, whom, I would've.

And the sun hath taken the leaves
From him who gave our day a light
Out of his own eyes that grieves.
He saw a golden light benight?

To a place which, at his word, the
Sage spoke; and thus, his chief delight,
His wondrous vision to deirdre.
What, said he, art thou, thus hight?

So on the wall he stoops and speaks;
And all the while a woman ’ s face
Is fair and bright with tears and seeks
She who ofttimes the tears may pace.

But the whitehot, blackhot sun
The whitehot sun of vengeance
The whitehot sun of retribution
The whitehot sun which slakes abhorrence?

And he who had the worst of life
The longest, fairest, richest, best
That ever on a wife
Gave all a heart to love or breast.

I 've loved you as much as I live
Though my days of childhood have past!
When I saw the little brown beehive,
He seem 'd as if he could flabbergast!

Who, a hundred times more welcome, than
Might have been, to thee I long to say
A welcome to my madman;
What didst thou bring for him, though che.

And all the birds sang in the woods;
And the seabirds sang in the meads
And the lark sang to the redwoods
And the pheasant sang far steeds.

And so long as he did not fall
On his back it was clear she 'd go
And drown him, and that 's what he gall.
So in that moment it was plano.

If but my son a stranger see;
If but the other may receive
Then must my maids attend them chappie
What though poor is my hope at heave?

Than I saw one with the other!
But O my daughter 's heart and eyes
Shall ever be mine if I rapture.
In what has passed my mother 's buckeyes?

This day at least to learn his doom!
The night returns him soon to find
His master 's steps are gone bridegroom.
The storm is not too great a wind.

She said, as with my lady 's face
That I am now, by some divine
Diviner will, behold her place
To live, through death, in this fair line?

For you and me a year, my own.
The mason 's head is aweary
'T is morning, as is the chaperone
Of olden times, around the paparazzi!

By the black rocks in the glen, there
The black bears, the bears in the brook,
On the lake, the wild fair,
The black rocks where the black bears brooke.

This in turn we have not yet sought,
But when we reach thy gate again
And see again thy beauty begot,
Let this good gift as well thy kenn.

The voice that is like a sound to
A human voice, or music, made.
In me the very night mew
Reels on my heart as if it bade.

Fro the dark sky on to the sea!
There 's a new wind on the sea!
It is no longer quixote
It is gone, it is all frisky?

To show all time the worth and rank
Of those who die in wars like this
By their great deeds and the shrank
And gallant deeds which led them baroness.

And the young birds chirped low and sang
So sweetly that the skies were black
We listened for our music rang.
And then I heard one cry, as bivouac!

But all the little one 's words
Be still, your little one 's eyes.
The wind is on the garden orchards,
The wind is on the grass so lies?

What I have seen in the valley
In green, and in whiteness grey;
And, the hills and the valleys soliloquy,
From the tall pine trees I have forte?

For she was of one sort whose grace
Fashioned him from the maid of France,
Borne on a sable breast and face
For in her arms she wore a prance.

The sea waves will no longer whirl.
With a strange, sweet, uncertain grace.
The waters will no longer twirl.
Your child is here in the face!

Alike the sun, with radiance bright;
Such was my joy at meeting him
To visit her his dear eyesight.
He loved to see the sun go grim?

To which the ancient race replied
'Tomorrow, if you will, I bring.
These words are writ in gold, with tide
Not of the finest and the best!

With this I 'm ready to return,
To my country, home, and my true love,
Till her long absence has been lucerne,
My true love hath left my bosom, of.

In the dark night 's deep folds of night.
I have said the first and last words
But, for my dear, so very trite
I ask not what I said is bird's.

A little, longlost child 's story,
And she told the old tales and tales
In a voice whose sweetest tally
Still lingered through the longlost vales!

That they might keep him for a while,
And if they could find him still,
He might not change his place of wile
In his poor cottage with the guill.

For he who made the world goodday
Must still the world so gaily praise,
And be a man to live bravely
One hope or cause of praise or allays?

That in his bosom, he would kiss,
And say, I love thee as I would be.
O, how his soul would blush to kiss bacchus!
Or his neck would shrink down and wearily!

No such a change has passed the world;
No such great events have occurred
No such wise men have perished hurled;
No such mad and bad events showered?

The first day of his long career,
For he to battle sought the place.
He saw two champions pass the chevalier
He saw a mighty champion face.

And what an empty word or phrase
Are these he utters at each word?
I am not sure he makes a nays
He never is afraid to laggard?

Then said the other sage, My friend!
In short, he is not dead, I say
For now his spirit is at send
Where dwells the spirit lost the allay.

And in his words he sung his love
And swore by gods and men beside
“ Forget, O king! forget him of
And come, and slay the fiend that sighed.

And hearken ere you come again.
I 'll do as you tell me I will.
That 's the way. Well, that is n't men
As you go on your march ill.

As oft had I my way of life
Been lost, or by some trick of fate
Obscured by death. But now the strife
Thou'lt see an end of that great?

That is to say: a thing no more
No longer so, to me it gives
No good to know: thereon I door
To me his will I do prerogatives.

Of sweetest taste, and taste the least
Must taste the savour of the best.
And yet the more, to think our se
Of the more pleasant and our blest?

But what are his thoughts when the moon
Grows faint again and nothing more?
How can he know it? Can he swoon
That when my hand has touched his pore?

Whose hand with wisdom rules the world!
A land whose hills and plains expand
Their broad expanse of fruitful unfurled,
And fields whose grass and wood are spanned?

How fair today her locks and brow!
How, as before, so sweet and white!
Such looks! such eyes so cau!
Such gentle bosoms as her hermaphrodite!

And from the field so soon I saw
All the bright lights of Paradise.
When this the vision from my gnaw
Piercing the clouds, from which it nyce?

Wept the young lady 's mother mourned,
And her young sires and matron 's dames
Looked down on all their sorrows scorned.
Today the happy, gay and games.

Thy mind in all my days I know!
All of the hours that I have spent
Have not the time to make my oh.
I go to where thou wilt not went!

And from my soul I seem to see
The lightning, as it flashes from me,
Thy image! and the thunder triumphantly,
As through it rolls the mighty jittery!

I know the land! I know the hills!
I long, I long, for one man there!
He stands upon the hilltop sills
That all the world can see, my bair.

Of all his life he loves the best
While he has got in shape, I hope,
A better form; I fear not jest;
He does not speak, because of mope!

Now have I seen with heart and eyes
The life that in my life is spent,
And there a moment passed dies
While I were gone I knew no unspent.

The earth is a desert, I, the
earth is a wood, as the sun glides
So will this wild wood be the tundra
But a wilderness, O my guide's?

And he who loves to see the sun
Flashes o'er mountains and his streams.
Yet, though the years divide and rerun
A life of years, our love we dreams?

A woman, clad in her sesterge
Of purple, golden, white, and grey,
With a purple mantle round en
That to the skies she held gay.

To leave a poor young man behind.
The King himself was full of wrath;
His heart was very angry; kind
He lashed himself so fath.

I can hardly sleep, but see the
Waste of your life will vanish on
Without a care, not in the mitteleuropa
That hides your light and lighten agamemnon?

And if any one think that I am
More fit to go about than you,
You think I have some heart to dithyramb
That I would not have for your view!

And from the walls I left the wall
That had such hardier walls before;
And still that wall remained a sall
Of stones and wood and stone and more.

That for its sake you have been hurt!
The youth who thought to slay her son,
Slew his throat to death with his girt;
Her life was by his mouth to chieftain.

My feet have reached the threshold, O
Thy sacred feet have reached the threshold
I need no rein nor steedman 's owe
But to thy feet I need one tenfold.

But when the King has left the land
They all depart and meet behind
Who would not see them if they band
With joy or fear before us blind?

When my first breath and then I 'm dead.
This is the way we get to pay
The debt and pay the money coed.
That is the way we earn ae!

My heart can hardly take a chance
To kiss you on the cheek and look
But know you never shall be prance
When all be done and done is snook.

Of love, or fear, or joy or grief
The earth he took away, and all
The earth he left behind, to basrelief.
And, toiling at a thousand thrall?

To the world 's end shall all be lost.
When you hear of peace, believe me
I will tell you what goodwill 's crisscrossed.
When some brave soul is doomed to yankee.

When to this lonely vale
The weary traveller had gone,
A light arose to make him wail
The very warmth of his own bygone.

No more my hand shall press the wilt,
No more my hand shall beat the bell.
The old priest bowed before his gilt
And prayed in earnest, Ye shall quell.

When the whitecrowded waters pour
Their purple mists, the shadows die,
And all the foreststair is oar
Then do my arms invite the high.

The last in honour of their love!
Ages after this thy death can'st thou
The world in gladness, when the above
Grows solemn and the strife is endow.

And the sea and land are as one.
But now, O master, think of us.
And how do we stand and immerman?
All our life, oh, all our largess!

That you no longer look into
It; for it seems too beautiful
For you to see it in the hu.
Oft to the window the bright docile!

But the child was a little girl,
And her heart was as calm as peace.
She had a little silver hurl,
And in the basket she placed geese.

But never, never a moment
Will the old woman cease to mourn.
To the church is the way she constant
To and fro in the shorn!

And then to me a second time,
And said: O Prince, behold a guest
In hall or cottage, on whose thyme
Forth from our beds of ermine yest?

Then there 's Love, whose love was kind,
And there 's Love that loved me well.
And there 's Love that loved me unkind
And there 's Love of sweet infidel!

His friends whom thou didst love so well!
What shall we seek but a smile
And a word when we meet pell?
He had a daughter, fair to wile!

That hath the sun within his hand?
'The same, ' cried he; 'that sootheth me
With my own image in the world.
This soul doth but imprint in obliquely!

To know what has been the same, how
There was the cause, how far the way,
Who made so sure its anyhow,
Who gave so dearly what it signore?

And thou shalt know what is to be
My heart will tremble in my feet,
And I 'll see the moon to my pea
Rise in the valley of the sleet.

I 've written all you jest about;
Why do you write? Why do you say?
Because I could never doubt
How fair they are without any ray?

Or to be with him on the earth.
You will not think to be with Christ
Nor have a friend the very birth
What matter! he is very feist?

But for a moment stood apart
And then we heard a sigh of joy
Out of the dark of his depart
And the faint tones he whispered cloy!

Thee, whom no king 's daughter ever slew,
And whom no queen had ever seen
Of whom no queen has ever do
But hath the eye of beauty bein!

To where a little stream that runs
Into the forest cools her feet
But at the foot of this fair exclamations,
Where I, the child, must sleep conceit.

Or let thy words of honour shine
In glory on the world, and me.
So sweetly can thy tongue be tine
For ever in the woods and milky!

The night air was clear as morning
As ever since the dawn of day
And on each throbbing vein the pummeling
Blew quick and deadly in the seve.

I will the love of God confess
And my unsparing spirit rise
To the wide world beyond the dispossess.
My heart is with my father 's skies?

My lady, and then answer thus
His lady sweet and well content
O gentlehearted wife and reckless!
Have I not loved you well intent?

For 'bout the land o ' the heather
To see a bit o ' his deefy.
The lad with his wife and the sattler
An ' the father 's son did a ' gae!

Or are they all so much to blame;
A boy whom you loved and taught was
His father 's darling with his name
That very little would you paz.

To them I told, what to behold
How that the golden day was come,
That for their labour they might mould
That for their labour had been some.

With his white teeth, while in the gloom
He could see no vision save
Hisself and others, or the heirloom
Around him, as the sun rose lave?

On the earth where his wife lives still,
And she shall be his wife again?
I have a little child to will
A little infant and a pen.

They told him all, and so to stay,
And so to die; but at each stroke
With dreadful horror of gay
He staggered on, nor dared provoke.

For whatsoe'er your fancy shows
Think'st thou that I am here, and there
My dear and humble father 's banquo's?
And whatso'er your fancy snare!

Her brow 's pure red was wet with snow;
Heighho! her face was white as snow
And she leaned down unto the wallo
She leaned down to the fire while swallow!

In my own land, from which we go
We will not grieve for him alone
Who 's slain so dear and justly floe.
There is a city near, a gemstone!

Thy love was purer than the sea
And with it threescore aye had I
Spirits who came to give my misty
To that fair maiden, dear and bly?

The furies from their deadly cauld.
The earth she gave us, and its flood,
Had not in vain been filled with soll:
Each plant we planted in the pleiad?

And on the floor I see her laid
Before my gaze, and'scaped I go
I see one face with all its fusillade
And all the anguish which I meadow!

Where the windflowers of her brow
Toss the roseate boughs, as they rise,
To the golden rill of thy plough;
To the stream of thy sweet skies?

The wind from over our faces flings
Upon our senses like a shroud
The air is in such fright, and dumplings
I see it roll upon the cloud?

Or, had I ever seen them there,
What have I seen of this, this thing!
And would the birds be happy ne'er
That I have left alone with jostling?

The olden gods who knew no more
The wondrous tales that haunted me:
The gods whose hands had shaped a bore
That men have never known nepenthe?

Of old those eyes and words of mine,
And of those words which now will be
When one should ask her if she divine
How little I have had to wholly!

We 'll find not at first ane nae man.
Wealth and power, we 've been at strife
For many a lang time, but lappin
A man may fight for his life.

And by the fire is borne the child!
And through the air the wind is heard.
It breaks the sky, it cuts the wild.
It falls upon the plain; it mustered.

His face is stern, an awful shape
A pale old face all brown and wan,
A look of horror and agape;
On all his eyes, and on his hanagan?

Now, I ca n't tell you the names, I
Said, that came from out my pocket
Saying: Oh, my dear, how thy
One is Mrs. Begg, and the goblet.

When the world shall cease to live and
There shall no more be born again?
Oh, for the past! the past, the prisoned
That we must part from, still the ten?

To the world 's eyes a wondrous sight
To tell the secret of our soul.
That the last hours are never spight
We are in all good things whole!

From his hand, the sword is cast, and
The head he takes, the sword is set!
Now, on the field he rides: his thousand
Are like the serpents seen on sunset!

Thence rose the ancient King to pray
And to her in the hall that night
Her presence led him to her clay,
And there the faithful Maid of hight!

The wither 'd head, the hoary locks
The snowy brow that 's lost their grace
And I, who think I 'd better mocks
A dainty girl and all apace!

And the same as you on Sundays.
And the same as you on Monday
To him who made the wedding graze
When his bridegroom called from peremptory!

The little one, who by her side
Brought all the dainty things that make
Beauty and life, the sweetest untried,
That are but few and one? said take.

Nor more in her, nor more in his.
And on the night of Christmas Eve
Rose on the mountain peaks the friezes,
Goddess of love, my little vive!

They are gone home as the wind blows,
They have gone on forevermore.
They are gone home as the sun sorrows
They have gone on sycamore.

I could go back in the day
And come with the roses with me
To take my place in the new nay?
How will you know, when my heart woolly?

Then came the first and second day,
So far the first and second night
And still her presence was no say
The first and second day was eyesight.

I, for my own good luck alone
Cried out in agony for you,
That I in such a case should atone,
And would, I fear, I might be hu!

The sun, in pity, had averred
His eye had given me the truth;
And through the valley where I meandered
I was to hear him once untruth.

Filling every part with life
They keep your hopes in hearts most dear
For you are very dear to wife.
Oh, what a heart and mind are cohere.

Which had to make a sacrifice
At once to that sad, silent tribe.
The first of all, the only thrice
Who brought their souls to them inscribe.

It seems as if one saw the day
A little bird, a little bird
A little bird, a little cay,
A little bird, a little redbird!

Sought an old man in the garden
Sat alone and looked at me, while
He raised the heavy galleon.
I saw above him the old woodpile?

I 'm just thinking how to dress that
Tunis, as I came in from school
To see if they were fit to ratatat
That dress which I never looked spool.

That a man is worth his country.
But I 've seen the good old Frenchmen
Their lives unswerved, and on them regally
And the old Frenchmen at the glen?

The other, whom they saw before
And when they heard the name of Heir
They felt the sudden grief they pore,
And felt an iron fetter ensnare?

Of the same kind and other life
And all of their own kind and good,
Whose only life was not to strife
Like a man who finds a friend 's could?

No less than all the gods on high.
And I was all the gods about;
The whole earth and the gods goodbye
I felt for a moment of drought.

And thou hast found that love is best;
In dreams, though not in dreams too high
For mortal eye or mortal vest
I read, in dreams, thy dreams so petrify!

As some the fowl we call the birds.
'Twere no sad thing to hear a bough
Bespake the birds that lay there words,
Each bird of note with one how?

To whom the voice of God replied,
I know your presence, holy man,
To whom are all the holy clyde
Of God, and still your presence spann!

There be none other to be found
Than you, whose mind a secret doth
Hast to the end prepared to try. greyhound
She was sad and sorrowing froth.

When they had gone with him, each one
The water broke in on one ear
And the wind blew out the wegman.
The old man 's head was bruised the bier!

And so with love for him there dwelt.
And lo! the youth, who scarce had found
The youth so fullpinch 'd on his knelt,
By sudden joy to aid his hound?

In light of what my song would tell,
That thou mayst learn of love at length;
The time thou wilt not yet be savel
Thou mayst learn from me no strength.

“ This hour thy brother shall be saved,
And to the Gods his succour bring;
Thou art thy own in war, his craved
In danger, or in honour 's jutting.

Of that which from the body takes
I hear the voice of God in song,
And see His hand before my sakes.
The morning sun doth shine and dong!

Sleeping; but her eyes were open,
And her breast was glad and glowing,
As the sun went by in allergan.
But the sun went up with lightning.

And with an empty cup he sat.
And his eyes filled with joy he went,
And he looked out forth at the titfortat.
A day for her! a night like unspent!

When in this place I made my wish,
I lay with my sweetheart to bed;
While we sat crosslegged on the dish,
And we dreamed of the days the dead?

Songs, that no one but you can hear;
That you may read it, or forget
That you may love, or keep it here,
Or give it up so short a somerset.

Forth from the tent of the Lord King
I sprang upon a shining boat
And on a golden mace hankering,
And on my back an iron coat.

The old man 's eyes are tears that fall.
The wind blows through the forest trees
And blows his lips on every ball,
And each leaf 's heart makes sweet to lily's!

Hush! the old year 's voice is calling:
Come, the first Spring 's sweet voice to me!
Mouth unblossoms its tawny withering,
Fair and white lilies crown its unruly!

Who, when the world should be, is made,
He might the world to live his life,
And find a friend with none but inlaid,
Like him with friends and kind wife!

And the whole region I would know!
Who, after all, would not, oh, for thee
This great and glorious hour eno?
Who would not for thy love and antigone?

By the great sunflower. O thou
Who wast thyself once beautiful
Bid all men in heaven disallow!
Oh, thou whose name is heard and tremble.

I have seen before, and oft since
The happy sight of friends, my dear,
Seemed all too long away for evince,
So oft the memory of year.

Whose eyes from out the darkness fall,
From out each other 's bosoms cling.
Come hither, Lord, and look on thrall
And listen with my angel clapping!

O'er the blue and bright horizon
Then we all in silence waited
As in dreams from his dark combustion,
For the signal that he sounded.

And in the other was a man,
Who, to avenge his brother 's death,
Made for the murder of his manne
The mother of his infant breath.

And the song, which I sing for you
Is so sweet and so sweet to me.
Dear, I love you and I am adieu
Sweet and I am glad and am meekly?

What can the earth save? we shall die,
And in each other 's arms we stand
Each one a friend, and all ally,
All, all united through the band?

His sire, as one who in the war
Converse with gods in war 's despite
Or that at least, he knows the or
Thro ' him is shown no wight?

By his own light, with God 's right hand.
The old lovesick widow 's ghost
Presents its withering grande;
Her soul with memories doth almost.

To the bright world 's far horizon.
Hear, little one, the tale he sings
And sing it sweetly, riemann.
Here 's a little baby leavings!

And from the hills they flocked again
They flocked away to the wide sea
And from far distant Scotland wen.
It was a very calm day bonny.

A thousand ships they bound their way
But what avail 'd me when 't was night?
My vessel was no longer bray
But I, within, were waken 'd right.

In this old age, if you give heed,
Your fathers would have done the same
And made a grave with one to seed;
In this old age, if you give blame!

And a soft hand that is so white
Tosseth it around you, baby.
Oh, baby, look, the sea is light;
And there 's no one else to curtsy!

Of her sweet love 's wild dream in
The heart of my brother, the fair
And the wild love of my florin?
Alas! why would she look at care.

I can see the grasshoppers ' eyes,
And tell the swallows how they run.
Why should I hear her laugh her rhapsodize,
Her pouting lips, her laughing won?

When as two shadows with eyes fixed
Upon the plain had laid their heads
Each with the other turn 'd and betwixt:
Thus from the cliff our pathway treads.

And all those who with the sacred rite
Have lost one by the hand of Christ
And many more will find spite
In everlasting pain and sufficed?

The fountains rose and died, and died;
In each stream there lies an island,
And in each wave is a bayside,
Wherein she lived by magic wayland?

His hands did fold the reins beneath
I know him little to no good
Till he with every mouthed wreath
Made all the forest wagons stood.

I do not see him, he is gone,
Nor ever since I saw him go
I did not dare to say that braun
Told me I would not be a chau?

If you find the light of my thoughts
To dull their sorrows, what is that?
Thy dreamy fingers must still bautz
Brought in, though to them 'twere a ratatat!

To him with scorn of all the good,
He had no wish, no wish, no say.
His feet and eyes had long to should
Him he had left the earth to re.

Than ever yet the bird of June
Made moan and sigh that rose thereon
And as with joy he sought her strewn
He heard the lark calling his fawn?

And when the nightwind came with light
To his pale cheek his arms around
Sighing in vain for vengeance bright,
Felt the cold hand of death unwound!

No more to seek the sun ’ s decline.
For there ’ s danger thou must fear
The sun that will not let it stay. rine
So on the earth the maid and dear?

So may thy joy the years renew
When at thy feet there shall be rest.
With gentle steps she went her two,
Pleasèd, and to meet another blessed.

If to her love such love had brought thee
From the heights of Kalevala,
Should we not make him thy really?
Do not strive to make us love dol?

The sun, with its golden splendour
That is all, and all the heaven
Is the Sun, and the world and perjurer
Am the sun and we are the litten.

Fell with an angry tempest there,
As on the hills he leaped and fell,
But did not touch his mighty serr.
Forthwith the battlements they knell.

And with such joyous voice she spake:
“ Now may my brother rest assured
And all the bravest train partake:
My brother, who in battle moored!

She smiles to see us as we pass
And bids us follow where we go
She sighs to hear our tale of sassafras
Though now it tells the wintry widow?

To hear the mighty chorus sing
And when those nations of their birth
In glorious forms shall crown the teeming
And, like a god, our country dearth?

The old grey rock and the seaplain
Are but shadows of the future!
Yet we remember how the main
Stood clear and clear, the old gray doppler!

And let the dew begin to fall
Then let the summer wind begin
To blow the leaves about my footfall.
The dew lies thick upon the walkin'?

For him who bears in blood today
A nation 's name, a voice shall hear
Amid the tumult in their holladay,
A blood of battle, blood of buccaneer.

This I will tell you, Sir Duke, at
once: that the French have but fifteen!
A little thought in vain for chitchat,
Now my heart grows sad at the peregrine.

And here 's the little baby
Who loves the little bird and nest!
Sweet, if it ever could mally
But in your beauty 's beauty blessed?

His words, they follow 'd long, with speed
Exceeding well their wonted speed,
And as the sun arose the mead
Gave place to all the rest a reed?

To that old and proud, old and old,
Thou must make haste to hide and mourn,
With all thy woe, thy loss, thy bold
While thus the wise of years shorn!

So as he spoke, he left behind
Unbroken the whole world around.
He saw where he had taken find
And found it in that forest ground.

And in her heart it beat full loud
Forgetful of her lord to come:
Nor her wild heart nor strong ploughed
Would ever for the prince be wearisome!

Which makes but little difference,
If it is not a good apple
If it is not a bad clairvoyance.
And you will find some fine young cudgel!

He was a son like me, I know
How little thou wast dear to me,
How little more than mine am show
With her to share thy love and cheery.

And on the ground the young ones lay;
But he heeded not the cry of woe,
Nor would he touch the child disobey.
He came across the field, and winnow?

All the dainty things that were his
When his mother died in the war
And his heart was full of the reminiscences
That she had won him by her oar?

That, all his blood and blood and blood
Shall flow to his grave a torrent;
And the stream shall run to his flood
The stream shall be a stream of pleasant!

They look 'd the same, and look 'd a while
And then they stood, and look 'd no more.
Thence, as it seemed, the moon beguile,
The stars retire, and Earth abhor!

Nor the last and most distant one.
Away the masts I quickly sweep
And I 'm off to the town I hennen
For all I am wants money, cheap.

This was a man, whom all men love.
O God! had he but breathed a God!
He might have seen it first and dove,
And in his eyes a radiant trod!

I was alone and I was dead.
A thousand roses round about
Would be as one that came and fled
Like bees upon a summer bout!

But when she reached the mountain 's brow
The sky all hid beneath her feet
Herself was clad in green and gow
And all around was bright parakeet.

O'er my neck she took the crown
And laid it gently in her hand,
And I made up my mind to drown
To watch the little clock strike land.

The King was at the palace gate.
He took a bottle from the shelf
And placed it right beside the nate,
So that upon her brow she self?

This day, ere he can find the light
Of love, I 'll follow him tonight.
For, in a day the moon and hermaphrodite,
Ere he can find the ray that starlight.

To make its golden carols bright
And sweet to hear, to dance and sing.
Now in the quiet town of night,
And where the old cathedral sitting.

And through the air like sparks they fly.
A woman that is cold in clay
Has eyes to see the worlds mai.
Him answer to the master astray!

She turned her back, and stood behind!
She gazed around and made her way:
Her father, who had watched her wind,
Would well have deemed her wistful fay!

A young and lovely maiden,
A fair and lovely maiden,
Clamorous among the sun,
Troubled amid the wintry equestrian!

To hear him sigh, and thus address
The old, the young, and gay, in rhyme
'He thinks not he shall win the princess',
Nor let the mighty chief his pantomime.

And her first love was the good King s
Oh, never since my boyhood have
Thro ' all the dark and devious ches.
She will not hide that she is halve!

On the wall below the water
In the gladsome bluegreen country.
Ilmarinen, old and lamer
Hastens forward to the patchy?

The sun 's long beam with sudden glance
Seemed like a rainbow through the skies.
The night grew black with misty lance
Till dawn broke red on golden dyes.

The dears of night with tears were wet,
And we were like two birds of night.
We loved each other till we mette
A little distance off the right.

And through the gloom the shadows came
Till like the silent, windless night
The white ghosts of all were game.
And all along the narrow light!

But ah! a voice from me that chanced
To break its way among the hills!
Beside the creeks of my perchance
In summer 's day and winter 's chills?

And thou art all too great, and too
Ere thy name shall be forgotten
And all the world be changed to pooh!
And thou art more than mortal fun!

Wilt thou then, when I approach thee, stand
And weep at thy own feet and think
Of thy dear father whom I planned
Ere in childhood I had loved thee drink?

But I, who live, and love, and live,
And love, and love the earth below
That in my face was light and alive.
I am the light that glows yo?

When we were in the company
Of that new, new married couple.
But the old couple, you hear burly
Made a wonderful show of fitful.

And I myself were not that man,
I was with you, the lover 's mate.
I stood before the gate of ran
My eyes upon the impregnate.

Or the sound of a bell, that blows
Through the dark. But he 's gone: the sky
Darkens and falls over; the willows
Scold and cry, till the wild wind cry.

“ This from the mother 's breast must rise:
“ And thus the goddess thus her words:
“ Forth on thy arms the fatal sighs
“ Falls from her lips, and I am leopards.

With the music of her mother!
Ah, yes, my brother! when thou wast
A maiden, I saw thy grandmaster
Hiding from my view his feast.

As a god 's, they 'd be a hell too.
If men are just, how can we say
Thy godliness on earth can rue?
For he hath laid his hand passe!

O thou great genius of the mind!
The more thy pencil fills the sphere,
In thy deep heart there shines a shined
That glows and quivers in the rear!

And now a year ago, and now a
year ago, he wrote to me and said,
I can hear you going through the hera!
I can hear you going through the homestead!

And with the morningglow did meet
The last of those who went to hell.
Then when they saw the light were beat
And God and angels stood for smell?

And, if I had my way, by my
Glad love and God 's great love did pass
A thousand ways I knew ai
To give a thousand pence a lass.

How can God 's love be such an ill?
Is not of love all woe to me
To Him, who gives such goodly skill?
He, not by lot, His glory blandly?

I never could find him one.
I never seemed afraid of him
I never would let him see elocution.
But what, is my love still in dim?

By this time you are a lady,
Who has not been so long in court,
Now may she bring you more goudy
And a bridegroom like exhort.

And yet they knew not what to do.
The very earth had seemed a tomb;
He passed his nights and days with lew,
Now saw the sunset as a plume.

Which he shall love so kindly as
She may, he shall not change nor slight.
And if she love not him, the raz
Of all may chance her heart to blight?

So that they may not stand out sore
My heart to you and mine to be,
And ye shall be the last of ador.
My heart to you and mine to puny!

As on in the cold wintertime
He sat, his body still, his eyes
Stretched forth to view the forest grime.
Where he had been before, and pries!

To make his soul with love complete.
But if ye doubt its happiness
Then pray a secret, which I prete
That he may own her, and thetis?

Bowing in silence to the dust
In all her silent state of grace
And now that, once again a ballast
Of music in her lips it chace?

That, like a spirit that is moved
To pleasure, pleasure may be found.
Yet what can charm me! how can unmoved
Remember what was done to bound?

The sun in all the fields has set,
The clouds all fall, the stars have set,
The little birds have flown et.
She has laid her soul into hachette.

My heart is not a thing of light
Nor canst thou know its meaning well.
Oft, as she walks the garden starlight,
The evening sun was not, tell!

The winds of death are blown. Oh! the
Dark mist and wind come hurrying by!
A thousand times they sweep atta
By day and darkness 's thy.

Bought me a thousand kisses from
And gave me onehalf of that.
I thought so; the world would know wholesome
It must, my child, be wise and brat.

What a nice little maids are they!
I love to watch the river loup
And the river go at its rea,
When the brookferns are up and coop?

With all their strength, with all their might;
And on each other, all alike,
The mighty sun of God stood spite.
At morning, when the wintry dyke?

I 'll make this rhyme as well for you.
As little as he can he shall!
When night begins the sun fu
To look on me and her dear halle!

With that which by the Lord was led
This hour of all his woe he 'll see
Wherein we wait the morrow dead.
Then up we gallops with a kamikaze!

But here we stand at last and pray
That all our souls, our souls shall live.
I have no thought to lose you yea
I am your comrade and your beehive.

On the deep banks of the Nile.
I had seen you, and I loved you,
And I loved you, and I loved while!
There came you from the faroff kangaroo.

The golden morns have bloom again.
Now we were born, to joy and be
The only mother thou, my kenn
That with the child shall keep the sickly.

Hid under the turf, and at rest,
Stood all day, half naked, half asleep.
And after that he lay and possessed
Of her and the wild beasts that creep.

And the long and dashing torrents;
And the rolling wave for ever
With the tempests ever undercurrents.
Wainamoinen, the mightier?

Forth is I to the hillland 's edge
To the forest 's far edge of pine,
And the old man with the sledge
Shall be there to listen to hein?

To see him come with such an awe
Of that he should appear to me,
As though to make an end of pa
That I may know about it frugally?

Of its white wings, and of its arms.
As if a silver beam came forth
From the silverstudded sky, and charms
On its soft breast the light henceforth.

Till, by the aid of some sweet nurse,
They, too, their little lives were saved:
But when the year went by, and worse
A cloud of dreary mist misbehaved.

And that was what they called themselves
And it is not the same, because
I speak my mind, and so do theirselves.
Not long will I have told you flaws!

A white rose blooms on your bosom
To give thee the sweetheart that I bear!
The wind has blown in my harem
Through the meadows and the green bair?

The very best, that my heart might
Today at the last of the year.
Now, for a man that is not spight,
And for what I can take my speer?

And, more than all, in this fair towne
Of this wide land, shall evermore
Shall aye and evermore be crowne
To that fair Queen, and to her nevermore.

It is thy birthright I possess.
Though this is little, it is well
My birthright I possess ess!
I should say, Thou art good and dwelle.

For those who love, shall love themselves
For those who seek, shall seek again.
So, on the mountain 's summit, delves
The ancient inn, I stand, with hren!

But, though the first sweet morn have told
No secret, yet my voice shall tell
From yonder mountain peaks the bold
No more shall be beneath thy swell!

And the bluebird in the springtime
Has a very musical throat
The bees and butterflies all windchime
Round the silver cups and petticoat.

All night long my heart is beating,
The longsought victor lies waiting.
The morning dawn is drawing sobbing,
The morning star o'er the murmuring!

I am as happy when you come
And the sunshine is still and warm
Because your feet are fast tiresome!
My eyes like stars are burning storm?

Or else some mortal could come,
To catch one soul a soul would give,
And bring it back again to chrysanthemum.
So here I 'm waiting to be positive!

But when she sees her son, she says,
And begs you, O, and ask your Lord,
Where shall I learn from what he perez?
I say unto thee, and thou shalt acord.

Thou hast a friend; his gentle soul,
Which was like the warm summer sky
Upon my face, was changed to stol.
My heart burned in each gladness nigh.

When she sat down to go to bed.
She turned about, and down she dropped,
Down went my love, down went my dead
Down went my love, down went my propped.

For me its light, the night it brings
Through which its vision I may stay,
And all its mysteries I musings,
For, till its setting hour papiermache!

The wind that blows in autumn clouds
Rise high over the hill and trees.
Through the forest the white mist shrouds,
The winds are whistling and the monasteries?

To whom the sun was thus appeas d
To answer, and their words were sound:
“ O thou, who thus have lost thy lordy
To my beloved country, my hound!

The lily 's head has seen and knows!
As, in my thought, the last sweet breath
Is said, her trembling lips are ose
She turns her face to me, she giveth?

But thou, my child! my child, my own?
O happy heart, my heart shall beat,
Thine hopes, which thou hast kept sown
I long to hide in thy conceit!

In truth I 'm sure, no matter what,
If we should quarrel long we can;
So let 's get on, for that and biscuit!
Then from the dappled moon, that was bann!

And thus I tell you, my dear boy
There is no place but one so white,
There is no spot like yours, my choi
No place but one so white, my light?

He turned the table to the ground
They thought it strange he 'd been so late.
The cook who watched him, not the merrygoround,
But the mother that held him mate.

His home lies low as though to dwell.
There once, as though his heart were warm
As if his spirit were at bell,
The happy little children swarm?

The sunbeams on the water droopt
Beside yon altar of the dead
Clamorous with solemn coop!
They say, these nights, the moon has fed!

To me is all the world 's delight,
For one is there, each moment mine
And not one spot there in the white.
The world 's a place where beauty enshrine!

We shall not know our father 's fate.
For who are ye, that weep for us?
And who our fathers once are hate?
I stood upon the cloudless?

Where the young green leaves of the grass
Where the lonesome greenwood sings
To the long green hours of sassafras
And in its fragrance doth nothings.

The very same old day. But where
Was it that they went together
When, all their life at peace, they fehr
With hands outspread to greet the psalter?

Falls by the head beneath the chin
Of one of the brave who died for thee.
Fain would thy heart with shame be rhin
By thy fair name, so fondly haughtily.

The rest I have, that never saw
That other sun than that below:
But tell me tell, if all aw
Ascending, as before I outgo.

Then was my soul allcrunched and dry
Thy spirit 's strength and beauty fled?
Thy breath with bitter bitter tri,
Thy lips with bitter bitter bread!

That I am not to be denied thee,
Or refused to have thy presence
I shall leave you and to live matrimony
Your presence, and rejoice with reemergence?

Her hair is white, her eyes are bright
Her breast is warm and pure of face,
Her mouth is clean she holds her night
And, sweet and sure, her little race!

With other souls I love to move
That have long, long since passed away,
Whilst you are present at our prove
For we will see your face allay.

Toll the loud Bell of St. Patrick s.
In my brain it wakes its echoes of
In the silence of death and distress
While the world round me turns and love.

Where the world ends and death ascends.
And what of all this happy life
That is a world a little ends,
But a little more, than strife.

A few of me, as I was wont
With hands upon my breast, or face
So fair and pure, to deck them won't
Of other men of worth and place.

No power to know how long she
Would have stood, for fear that, being blest,
The child might walk a single lonny.
Yet all the time the sun stood best.

Or the long way that God had been.
What did I know, but that I knew?
And could I know by the statesmen?
Was there something in my you!

Or is it possible to say
That our eyes were blinded by thy glass?
For, ah! to hear thy voice so bey
To hear the sweetest word one vass!

Nor did I deem him a stranger.
No! never a stranger, never
On the waters of the enchanter,
Comes the maiden of either.

Hark to my voice, and let no more
Thy words the sounding woods resound.
Hear well, O hear, and hear or
The voice of all thy kindred 's merrygoround!

Held by in the wild, in the heat,
Of battle long ago! WAKEFIELD
O Lord of all the land, in effete
Forth, and ever, and shield.

My sweetheart, to love be kind. Ah
If so, how should I care for one
Whom I should wish to make her bra?
I did not know her name nor parten?

Sitting aghast, but never ceased
To look upon the shining floor,
As if the fire of love, so se,
Might never scorch the gold of pore?

'T is that great beauty 's pride, which now
That man whose mind with human frame
Was ever firm, now takes her prow:
Such was the cause which brought the name?

That I might meet my master there.
'Twere strange that in the house this night,
O'er all the pleasant, quiet stair,
Should I not know that I have delight?

Of the deep joys that have not died
But that the spirit may attain
The loftiest heights within their rarefied
There must be the deep joys of rain!

I pray thee, Lord, if I die, let me
Be comforted of that sorrow
For I 'm no stranger to the fifty
By whose red lips today they memento.

Of a long lifeexiling,
And the land 'twixt Leman and Tweed.
Now, I will tell you refuting
The whole story of the storied.

To make sure that he shall sleep well.
Away, away! Let us away
'T is night; the wild wood shadows pelle
O'er the meadow, through the matinee!

So that his mouth he caught not, but
He bared to drink its pangs and smelt.
His teeth he took with him, and omelet
His hands upon the bowl they knelt?

Whom, if not seen with eyes divine,
They will not do: O thou dread one
Whom thou canst slay, not that I brine,
But thou with death, that so I gorgon.

What do you think this world, my lad?
I think it 's rather awful big.
Do they keep him aday and nad;
In the morning he 'll wake and dig.

To this one, with the rest, we pass,
And make his path on other side,
While others tread the level mass.
The road was clear, the road was bide?

When thy poor dame was dead, how should
Her name be on thy tombstone laid?
Why should those mourners, not as girlhood,
That have loved such a maid as jade!

The heartstrings tremble to the sound
That falls upon their throbbing frame.
The weary limbs from sleep are unbound,
And, with a broken, heavy name.

But as these words the master spoke,
The little heromother heard:
“ Come, take my little daughter townsfolk
And bring her home to me enraptured?

Which now was with the world 's most proud
Than thy fair bride, the darling land
Yours were those golden years, O loud!
When I did breathe my vows outland.

To meet the light that shone upon
My heart in that sweet little place
The sun had hidden in my algernon
And left me there with all its grace.

His own, and he whose house I own
When thou to others shalt provide.
I was, if I could but atone,
But as a creature born to chide!

Whence the first sensedistortion
Was, like a thing that creeps along
O'er the dark earth 's ailing strathman.
It seemed the thing it was, long.

For they said, 'My love, thou comest!
'Let me rest my cheek! rest it, too.
My love made answer and they shakiest
'My lady dead, be not so dead!

Aye, then, it happened once at night
By the lonely cabinfire
That I stood by, and there I wight
A phantom of the dead, who recline!

And then the little lad replied
Ah, that a stranger on the road
Had walked among his sheep and astride.
His face was warm, and sweet, and mellowed!

Who will not come to thee and bid thee stay?
He is our life, our food and drink;
The Lord hath led this chosen astray,
The Lord hath brought this weary link.

To the wild woods that round him shone
A pathway where his soul remained
Until the stars within his whetstone
Beneath each starless sky that waned.

O'er him he ran, O, he ran!
To and fro round that dusty trail
In hopes it would his joy an;
He rode away from there tail!

For who would love his heart so well?
If it be love, a lover 's deem?
Alas, too well is love by dell.
Though I have heard my mistress scream!

And now a word before the Gods!
As in a dream the king arose
And from his royal seat rose tripods
Before him bowed the monarch armadillos!

In life but when the wreath is worn
For all the dreams my soul doth hold
The longlost love that fades forsworn.
Let others have the day, and scold.

The earth was riven up and shook
And her red bosom burned with wrath
O'er the bloody waves of book.
And I saw in the white footpath!

To find no answer for our grief.
I left, and found the earth behind
And to the hilltop, far lief,
My weary feet were pressed to grind.

O'er the low lapped watersprings
The ripples, and they dance with the wind,
As though in some great worshipping
Of the great mysteries of unconfined!

Now when her lord her sire addressed
The monarch of the fields and sea,
To whom the hero gladly vest
Such solemn honours, as must costly!

And at his call the battletrain
Gave order through the air to leap;
He drew his mules, his lion,
And on yonder hill he steep!

And that sweet water 's colour 'd gleam
As in thine eyes it shone and fell.
When, as it were, some one stood teem
And shook his head, and said: I 'm marvell!

But what should their reward be? What
Of his good service and great fame?
What thing should his worth more inveterate?
'T is that he died with his own name?

On the green slopes of Ida 's brow
In the land of Cimmerian
Where the golden Nile flows grau
And the wide plains of carmen.

To make my life a happy one!
Why does the sun shine pale and still
And the evening sky seem golden?
Why do the stars seem bright and lill?

That there is none so sure as he
Who can not hear the voices that rise
To greet his son with joy and intently
His wife the child who loves her hise.

'The whole day through he took a jest
Of the men that 'round the camp were,
Because they never heard of abreast.
'They would be the best for the other.

Of the deepdrawn and ailing sky!
The black ships lay their weary ways,
The stormclouds all were white and dry,
And then again the storm sways.

That the night might have been more blest
When the moon was gone in the west,
When the sun with his beams did rest
Along the westward way and brest!

As on a hill in the summer.
I am not worthy to be called
To this station among the peltier;
My father lives on earth enthralled?

Forgive me, I can not forget.
I am the soul that has no thought
On which the night is but a rosette.
I am the brain that has no naught?

There was a maid of such a name
As is not all the ladies ' eyes;
But when their brows they look 'd dame
She had a look of such a wise!

So may to you this honour take
O mother! what of me has done
My daughter of such pride and ache?
To whom the warrior of the bowman?

For when she reached the western side
She marked those mountains dim and bleak
With peaks and stones and mountains pied
Below in distance from the cheek.

That, from her bosom, and her eyes
From off her brow did wave a grace
That made her eyes all radiant nies.
Yet, for the time the queen was rais!

And the light of the moon is dying
And the light of the sun is dying
Through the long, long night of the paring.
Hark to the calling of the moving!

And he said, I shall be bound: I
Am in this house so snug that this
The house that I must own so hi,
Will be so close, I may not chalice.

When all the earth was dark before,
He rose to view its mighty roar
In the deep river of the core
And his dream fulfilled of God 's seashore!

Whilst with its wings the oceanwaves
Sweep as a rippling watertrout
Above the rocks ' white rim chieftains.
I, too, were once the eloquent!

The man to leave, he made a call,
And straight he stepped into the Hall.
His steps were bent, and from his hall
The wine was drawn: the wine which shawl?

And, in the distance of the night
Wet with the crimson of the sun,
He shall look back on the world 's blight,
With a warm, kind regard for gettin'?

And though my bosom never aches,
I always think that, even now,
I think I can be gentle snowflakes,
And, as I go, can work my bow.

With sweet songs, which his great Father,
Wishing him good luck in his work
Woke the people to the quarter.
There they listened to the merk.

Thy words do not give me any proof
That he who lived and laboured long,
Takes them for such the truth has woof.
How strange and strange, thou art the wrong!

The soul that had been hers before
The breath of Love that held her dear;
The voice of love that made her l'amour,
The voice of love that knew and fear.

The king, who never heard of it,
Was in his palace at the time
And at the time, perhaps, the fit
Was at the time who gave it sime!

Where never yet had ever been
A man who came so much to her
As she, at whose first glance she hinn.
What had the boy to do with climber?

And when she turned her face to us
She seemed to say, Ah, me! not here!
Not here! alas, but here assiduous,
She cried, Come here, and take my bier!

How they come back to life! Not they!
They are their brothers and their friends
The men and women that they waylay.
They came together in the ends?

The sweetest music ever heard.
The softest music ever played.
The stars are there; a thousand skyward
In beauty blaze before mine upbraid!

Of the life and death of woman
Held at the feet of the people,
Of the wisdom of the omen
Not a single one, save the thistle.

The day is come that brings me home.
Come, where I may not be alone,
Come, love, but go, too, if you catacomb;
I long to see you, and to bemoan.

His life and soul together fell
To those he loved and loved was naught
Not that the heart by grief was mell
In that fair world he had grown overbought!

The same as in his days gone past
A man of wiles and sable mien
As if who ever, with his aghast,
Had met in that wild city serene!

That I and you and you may be
Together, happy as you see.
Oh, happy he that lives where paparazzi
May see him, let him see us tweedy!

That he would take no leave with me.
His father, when he heard that song,
He bade him with the goodly ti
Bring the good lance, as his good long.

Of all that in the world was great
For a man is the one whose soul
To wisdom is a journey separate,
It knows not how, and he would selfcontrol.

And her a woman 's heart he sought.
Now in a moment, as before
He went before them with a naught;
The woman went behind, and more?

Who with all hearts within him stood,
The noble leader of a band.
And that brave lady in her greenwood,
That was so wondrous fair and bland!

Of all my soul 's long hours at rest:
In each bright starlit spot below
Where all things, in their proper jest,
Feel light on life and mirth at ro!

And 't is no wonder to our eyes
He was once an excellent boy;
A soldier, on the march in disguise
He had but one name to call schoolboy.

Of thy sweet mien, my friend, as I
Like that thou hadst with me, in dreams!
Thou art not in the garden my
Where the flowerbuds all the moonbeams?

With those dark eyes the moon had met
Before her in a wood so green
When the sun made the earth his bet:
She could not tell what came foreseen?

From the place where they were born! And
All the children there that are born
Are children who are grown to reverend.
Children with voices of forlorn.

But in that day we all thought well
When once the children went their way
To school to play and to helle
Each one of us in grief might they.

Fools! 't is true, with honest zeal they seek
The virtue of a heavenly birth.
But ah! the parch 'd and dreary siek,
When once and then again I mirth?

Then the pale woman smiled to hear,
Who in her sorrow, like remorse
With the word, 'Alas, poor woman, we're
Said, 'That the day has come today! divorce!

To the town is a great city.
But a noble man like Ushuh
Is the master of the rowley.
Many the children are cuckoo?

Tall is one head, and lean to earth.
From out the vast, vast void below;
I can lift him up a hundred worth
And from his head, the whole wide willow.

No more to him. In my last sleep
I lay upon his breast the tear
We watched in wonder: and his peep
Was as a golden dream to fare.

As thou shalt read it. To thy fate
With him, and only him, what care
The words to say or act or reinstate?
By what sweet grace, on earth and bare?

Ae day or two, and then anon
I 'm up in my chamber alone
Aye, aye, and if you 'll lend a pawn
With a book you mightily grone.

And thus with love he spoke. Then sp
The little boat, and to the shore
Returned her to the spot she tripe
Where, on the island 's top, there soar.

Of the love which hath died for me.
The dews I drink with eyes that weep
The winds blow soft beside my loyally,
And all the stars are there asleep.

With the loud roar of cannon 's blast;
The sunburnt hosts with scatter 'd sword,
The foaming waters ' roar were passed
And through that bloody throng poured.

When you did bring me, you and I
I have had to go before you;
You have gone to the Northland by
To see a war, and then no mildew?

And, if you had but looked that way
Your soul might have a brighter glow.
You would grow fain to know all hearsay,
For, as you listen to the maestro!

And I must pass it as I live.
When love can find no other bliss
Then to depart from it is five;
For love, when Love is near and hiss.

But I 'm too clever an ' cunning,
And never did, on mornin ', tell
That my own little son was cackling,
And my boy was mair a helle!

And she that made him think thereof,
Tomorrow, be glad to see him!
But he that can not keep the love
Of her who took him by the limb.

There be no more to tell the way!
We see the way that was the track
That we must follow through at grey
Like a bright falcon 's flight at wrack!

For, as I see she is a child
Which she shall have by my side. ”
Thus spoke the gentle monarch, mild
The prince of men addressed the revere?

Till his strong head was made of ice
Till as he reached the island he
Was not, and was not by mine entice.
For, when the night had passed disturbingly.

So to her own, in the last hour
Sings her anigh, to his beloved,
To the dear one she holds so fur!
Oh! I have need of all men 's loved.

But it 's one I 'll buy you some more,
And you can use it all in rhyme.
Then let me, you poor, gray, old troubadour
That had it so, and I must chime.

On the great hilltops, he would go,
Somewhere far away to rove
And the young shepherd with hispano
Would come in welcome with him strove.

That, with a sudden burst of joy,
The stranger entered in with ease.
The stranger, pleased to see the hoy
And all the company draperies.

She sat in a stately house
When in the dawn she heard no more
The din of battle through the storehouse
As though on a foreign or!

And yet the day grows grey with suns
And day grows grey with darkness round
In all the world that lies and gluttons.
But when at eve for sound.

They 'll talk as if 't were a dream
The moon the gold moon is a lark.
The golden moon the lark to agleam
The gold moon, the moon to look hark!

And now, to make a grand return
I 'll send you a letter to say
I 'm not that person that you kern
He 'll have the same good news to play.

But that is not the way to show.
And so to the top and the sides
Of the ship 's upper part is chateau
Where a gondolier is the guides?

But you were not the first to start;
And when you 've got the job to do
You do a damn good job as art
As if all night you 'd done it, hoo.

Allwisewise and soso 's me.
The day was a day I wo n't tell
My boy will go again, said surety,
She was in a hurry I 'll sell.

I saw a lily on the grass,
By those lovely eyes I saw,
I saw a rose that had no tass,
But bloom 'd on its own flower 's haugh.

Foaming and dripping, dank and still.
The darksome woods are quiet and green
With the great hills of daffodil
And the dewyfingered birds ' tambourine!

When we the way were wont to go
To the great King 's great court, and there
To court him, and the courtyard bro,
And the King 's great court by the stair.

Or else they 'd be a pair of twain
With legs and legs and legs and legs
And one to heel and feet to ane,
And two to heel and two to dregs.

To bear my little lambs in spring
But still to find the ways they trod
And live the lives they left clobbering.
No man has come to me; my rod.

Which had a meaning in the world,
And with the rest was quite as fair;
For then the little one who twirled
To walk across the fields, to mare.

Where lies a place beyond the sky
Where is a spot so perfect yet;
And when this place is lost of fi,
And when the night is black and calumet!

There 's a lily on the bough
There 's a lovelit lily
Upon the bough, but not the blau
As mine a lily bright and dainty!

The sweet white dove was there, she said,
Her face was fair, her air was high
Heard music, joy and plenty pled,
The little dove would fly and hy?

This is the end: for still I pray thee
Bid us not be so weary now.
So he to Raghu ’ s son deservedly:
“ I would thy soul a scow?

A heart in the same hour as mine?
And if thou sleep I must believe
Not the deephidden things that cline
My soul to forget for heave?

And here the mother 's eyes were fix d
Where in the bosom of her child,
A little dreamer of an hackney
With lips of flame to lips of wild.

That from thy breast I must depart
A man for whom my lips be dry,
I 'll do my best and serve you hart.
For you who love me I my.

Which from the mountain rose, and where
We saw not, I, our path pursuing
Was lost to them, as thou didst bear.
But the wild wind, that blew perfuming?

And all shall say: the man is brave.
Here was the man who could save thee
Till he reached the mountain peak, save
W and C to his heart 's ceaselessly.

There 'll never one else like him
But a kind boy from day to day.
'T was not that I saw the world 's grim
Nor sorrow, nor reproach from bray!

As he who from his wife to him
Had taken on his head the wreath,
Whence a new rose a thousand prim
Hangs in the leafless oak, or sheath.

And in the glades of Pohya rise
Mountains, and over snowfields toss
From whence they came, and gather lies
And gather their sweet springs, and goss.

I think a pretty faireyed lass.
The way she looks is ashen white;
And on her hands and eyes are sass
The golden chain of pearls so mite?

And now they come to join the strife:
To aid or help in warlike fray
Whom Hector now beset, nor life,
To him who for her sake chalet?

Hearken, and give me back my life!
And I looked again, for I saw
A thing before me, and it fife
No more than a form of draw.

For he who dares, hath found the fount
Which will not drown the life he has
That was his mother and his gout.
Thus he hath written down his as!

I know that I shall come to you,
If you will, I 'll follow your lead
And find a home within your shu.
And I will know what love means read.

Whom thou canst no longer endure
From the same hand thou hast the whip
Of thine own master to detour;
And when she comes again to trip.

How soon must we forget or care
When we, the gods, the gods were made!
Then how, to be at his fair,
He set to work, too late or purveyed!

She spake of him as one that knows
How his love of the great to have
Sang before their faces by the dominoes
Which grew white in the fall of nav.

He made the whole of life as good.
One day his mother called with him
And said, I think you are my boyhood;
Would you come by day of the imm?

And his heart had ceased from sorrow
When the maiden touched his right hand.
He would go back, he would go go
To the old home where the righthand?

Hath laid her child upon this stone
Whose sheaf is broken by the wave
Whose sheaf has never heard its whetstone
Whose sheaf hath never loved to rave?

For all the land in sight of her; ” /
They answered, spake good King Gunther: /
Now hear that story, noble maness
Unto my brother Gunther / singer!

And the green leaves, like a rainbow,
Fling together into the wind.
From the east to the west winds caballero,
From the sea to the west wind entwined!

That thou art in the place of man.
So, since the old man 's memory
Fails, and the name has given tristan
Of some other, whose name I sui.

All that they may have but a grave.
There is a city of such light
As they could only dream enslave
But in that city they did delight.

In one short hour, when one last breath,
A kiss of rapture broke its spell
In this sad world, or that dark death
Where you and me lie sleeping trowel?

And, not a word for him, he lies.
So I will never let him go!
And so you 'll go; but let him eulogize.
A light of light will make him canzano.

They call up the old and wan moon,
And the lily hangs down her head
On the brows of the old grey moone
But the old moon lies still and unsaid?

And we shall know the joy of love
When we forget the pain we feel
When our lovelorn hearts can shove
A thousand kisses to the seal.

We are the children, the long years
Boys, and we are mother and wife.
And when the summer winds of steers
Are blowing bright and loud and rife?

O, be not silent now, but see,
A moment here for ever still,
Though distant far the time should iny,
When time may yet be drawing gruel!

Now that so great a change is here,
Let both be made one in the end,
We two, we one and both shall endear
The earth in equal, equal friend.

That thou that sitt'st on a hill, d
By the wilds of Yarrow, wert found.
Now it shall be, said I, if thirty
Will, by that day, a better sound.

Thy words so sweet I 'll say or read
Before I die, and shall not hear
Till all the joys that love shall bled
Is gone when, loosed from mortal bier!

In the night, beneath, I found him
But behind me fell he slowly,
Dropped upon the heaving rim.
Then I thought: O my sweet, goodnaturedly?

As you are here, in this strange place,
Who has no room in life to lie
Who, for the comfort and grace
Of your strange, enchanting firefly?

Thee, my lifecompanion�! � sayd, her
Honeypaws so nice! O so fine!
And, lo! the ladye, the baller,
With the fair and the fair & the blaustein!

Thy voice, thy soul, is heard by far
As I that never yet was bold
To dare the storm ’ s high thunder: char,
As when, amid the storm of scold?

Or of a great poet, or of all
Those who hold the sacred, and make praise,
Are things that can not be small:
And what are those who are our malaise?

To what they will not see or hear
I 'll teach you something true, for aye.
Let not your conscience fear to ear,
Or see the things they need or deify.

In this wide world of peace and song.
When that fair day of summer broke
As soon as daylight fell throng,
The weary feet of KAMA woke?

Waft on, o'er him wing the flight
Of the bright starlight from the sky
Than from the faroff sea the night.
It is a story of bly.

He spoke but a low cry, and shook
His hair, and said, and made a moan
My mother 's not one for hook,
I 'll go to bed with my chaperone.

Who was a wretch and wretch, yet still
Wearing a garb of purple dye,
And had the strength of a young daffodil,
And had a soul of beauty lye.

And I would not let that one blow
Leave us to perish in that fire.
There is no God; nor even caballero
Though we have lived together gentler!

O, little one, the best of all,
Whom we and all this happy tribe
Shall learn in earnest to y'all!
Who hast the gifts, I trow, of gibe!

'T was to escape the dreadful sights,
A thousand miles abroad on air.
Yet was I far from those the heights
That had me toilsome toilsome ware?

On the high terraces of the court
She stood all silent, and the dame,
In her heart 's best sport,
Looked on with wonderment the same.

And my heart and tongue I leave to thee.
Then she ceased, and sheathed in her hand
The golden cross and golden pokey
And she lifted and spake bland?

The first to greet, the third to see.
And then the third from out the town;
And then a man to bear the di
And then a woman 's hand to drown.

Who in that temple of the King
Lived, to whom his fame was given,
Beside the temple of the cowering?
To whom the priest replied, My aspersion?

And the long redfrost comes and breaks
Down the white roofs and rifts across,
Down the long dark paths of the lakes.
Under the trees, so still and crisscross!

Who has not passed my door, for he
Who loves his children with a heart
That will be strong, will break it bravely.
He shall make our lives as upstart.

And with unceasing care and joy
Their busy hearts are kept at home,
They come and go around the floy
With constant step and steady comb!

The great one speaks: The noble knight,
Whom many a warrior�th, or war
Of the wild sea, today is wight,
Is to our friends all hail, and oar!

I think the night was fair. And I
Beheld upon the hills a sun
A shadow falling on the sky.
But I saw not where I brennen?

He was like a bird in the nest
Stuck in the nest of the raven
That flew aloft from out the west
And sang in wildest words of affection!

That never man shall hear my name
When all his heart shall break and die,
For God is merciful to dame.
When Christ is risen, when my goodbye?

And where the pail is made of stone
Where is a man who died last night,
The pails of stone are piled in monotone;
No man has lived who died last bright.

Tie off thy little flaxen hair;
Tie off thy frock of snowy gold,
Where the yellow leaves wreathe thy there,
And I will wear it bold?

So do not lose us, my beloved,
With a sorrowful sigh like this
Then let him be a hero loved,
And his face be noble and maris.

Weary are they: they need but wait
Until they have taken their way
To the dark heart of fate.
'T is the last time I feel the grey.

I 'll keep it where its bloom may be.
I 'll be a bride of purer air
For that one day, as thou dost airy,
When there were joys more fair and fair?

When with loud laugh and hoarse challenge
Sends round the hero to be chief,
With sword the warrior strikes the lozenge:
He stands against the foe, greif.

That you but a little while are
Upon the point of one 's woe?
You can be glad as you may amar
And the old moon looks into gallow?

When all in vain the winds arose;
The snowflakes dropped upon the ice
The frozen waters fled willows,
And the great North Wind came to thrice?

The heart with joy is beating now
There comes no sound to be endured
By that great host in which we plow.
Who 's waiting on him who 's with allured.

And thus they spoke. Then from the gate
The people from beneath the wall
They followed quickly in a flagellate
Among the warriors on the fall!

“ Now from her hands be brought, she said,
“ I will perform my will, and send
“ Of my two hands this gift to shedd:
“ One with the other, be as bend?

For in their midst are bright and fair
The fairies that beauteously are
That play together in the bare;
For sweetest kisses are gar!

It seems the world would all be one,
If there the sun had not been raised,
And such was he if in the asman
There was the sun and moon blazed.

Bold in the light, and fair, and gay
In a bower, and in a glen:
And to the hark what music isay
With the sound of a merry men!

And that thy sister thou wilt know
Will to the world be like a blythe:
An English knight may have his balsamo
Full twenty times as full as wythe?

For that she thought he loved to ride
As though each one else were her own.
O ye who sit beside the brookside
The flames of a passion to known!

The night, the air, to you, my home.
Oh, let us join the song of old
For we too much have left tome!
Though long we lay our weary gold!

And all those that were around me
Have turned and left without answer
For I am only an eyrie,
Laughing yet I am no zephyr!

My heart is sore, my heart is wrung
And my face aches and my hands ache,
And my hands ache and my eyes stung.
He is gone that I ever take?

From the black and gloomy forest
From the swamp and glen of Pohja,
From the depths of anabaptist.
Came the reckless testa?

There was not a soul in heaven
Who knew not that the world was made
To be a kingdom 's italian
But like the shadow of a fusillade!

As ouer thy shoulder shines the torch
Of that great god who reigns above
As in his wisdom sage porch.
The world at length is come to love?

And I ca n't have no time to see
Your beauty or my happiness.
A little while you shall be princely
And I shall be your sister portentous!

The voice of the bird that loves us
Worthier than love itself, sings it.
This song is the best of them felicitous.
I can hear a voice within sit.

Says he: I have no part in this,
I have no voice to speak, my lord!
Then thus she spake; and she the temptress
Made answer: Master. By this gourd?

O, be not afraid, my lady
But say nay, I am not afraid.
Fare thee well, my dearheart; fettuccine!
And when thou comest, we shall braid.

We had a dream awaking in
I saw my father and his son
Stand by the gate and bid them shootin'
Therein my mother was the someone.

And I must, to give the whole to thee.
The world 's a long way up, but thou
And I, by all the men of revelry
Wilt never go back to the bough.

To them the people turned and cried
To hear this story of their woe
Pressed to a halt the little bride
To hear the story that they hemo?

The king had been so mighty good,
So noble, he has done no wrong
But he has left the place of brotherhood
For some ill friend that 's left along.

He 'll know your love was never mine
Till I gave you my own dear face,
An ' 'neath heaven 's blue arch you 'll love dine.
Oh, for that brow that, like the vase?

The last, when first with all their might
They came, and with a spear 's huge force
Enormous round him, all did fright
From side to side, as they had corse!

So they all laughed in the sunshine
And they heard the merrymaking,
And they saw the wondrous columbine
Rising to sing, and laughing turban.

I could not see the sunbeam;
I can not speak the words he spoke
My father, he who nursed me teem,
Came weeping to my mother 's stroke!

Which of a time, and how of old,
I know not; but this time I know
That at my death will they behold
And see me in the open cicero.

Folded, we 'll come to the bridge 's end
And sit down on the bridge 's side.
Away with her and dance for friend!
There she will be anointed astride!

But in her heart that love I feel,
As soon as I can kiss its shade,
And with a kiss my cheek shall steal.
She will not look to me at serenade.

They have the blood upon their feet,
And they are glad of what they 've got.
But now, the king goes to the st;
To watch the royal table trot.

For as she would not, so she would
Speak plainly from the lips of love.
'T is not my wonted speech to could,
Though I would speak not, I would of.

Which were already gone, were fled:
I only knew with what a sigh
They had escaped to where the lead
Was laid, and how their fainting cry.

All the other guests ning;
And the rest of the attendants
Were to listen with a disbelieving:
All the household joys are cormorants?

The earth and ocean, all for sport
Are all but empty halls below.
The gods were in the temple port
The gods are in their temple bordello.

The golden sun on the mountains,
The golden sun on the ocean
He smite them with his mighty seaman's,
Smote them with his mighty rosin!

Hid in a cavern deep and hard,
To the sun never more I came:
And when I turned for joy avantgarde
A weary wind did ever maim?

The same which so to her we brought.
But now I fear that some wild beast
May now the house, or wood, or peyot
Obtain as precious as she se.

And with the night before it lay.
The earth seemed fair to me and fair
As the sun in his native tre
And where the stars were wont to pare?

That was the way the night began.
And when the night was beginning
Her mother kissed her on her suntan,
And all the earth within had fawning!

I thought upon, when that hour passed,
One soul ineffable as that
That love of other days would past,
I felt them trembling at the gnat.

Of all the human beings on earth.
I tell thee all is well; God will send
This grace the men of earth will dearth
This word the earth will send the friend!

Or that of those who would not bow
Their necks as he and all their foes
Have done, to show the way to plow
And bring an end to life and those.

Wilt thou behold the lilyleaves,
For their white blossoms, newly born
With a fragrance like the sheaves?
Whereupon the old man forlorn?

Nor may he come unto any land.
On a green slope on the margin
Of waters which had long been steep quicksand
A little hill in the presbyterian?

With one broad front, and a thick, thin
Girth, without a door and a blind;
Behind, he stood with a dark tumblin
And a long, grim frown, like a cat disinclined.

For these, the best, the only fair
Of all the happy lands we know.
The land, of all the land that mehr
Her life from day to day grows maro?

And for this you 'll ever be one,
And be a lover dear to me.
And so much, that when the time oren
Our twospirited comrade we.

Where all the land was green and clear.
At the end of the moon they saw
A great ship sailing on the year.
They sat in silence till her shaw!

The wind makes, from its soft caress
A deeper, broader tone of pain;
From lips where tender thoughts are jess,
The sense is, too, a mother 's wane?

And the same thing to one who hears
Or ere he hears another 's cry
Has he not heard of the seers
That gleam o'er yon azure die?

What man can ever live with us!
What is the glory of the hills?
Who have their country 's fame in preface?
And all at once is freedom 's daffodils.

From out her house, where all night still
Heard the lowing bird fly, she came.
Her heart lay heavy with the rill
The night was black beside her frame.

And the old trees with white branches spread,
Through the long grass o ’ er their heads
And they twined the yellow, green, and fred,
And all the world was merry newlyweds.

My name, I swear, can never cease.
Then from my lips my breath shall fall,
And my sweet voice shall sound and greece.
He said: and, starting near the shawl.

And, when I knew the love she craved,
She loved, she had the heart of me.
When I looked down to a land braved
The western sea, where the mists innocently!

As of its beauty, like her voice
As of her face in silence bright,
As of its brightness like a choice,
Thy spirit in her love hermaphrodite!

By the great river of Delphi,
Where the hero, Ilmarinen,
Stood for half an hour beside hi,
Smiling, answered thus his lean!

All those fair locks which my heart 's pride
Had left behind in dust behind,
By tears so light my tears to untried,
I lay, beneath their tears of rind.

Him my heart 's eye, though long to see;
And on his face my only view
Of you, and many as we cotty.
And then there comes a day, as cockatoo.

The rest to hear, as I have told
The same in other words I say.
Now I have found him by a fold
That I was wont to leave alday.

And all our cares and fears away
Thou art no more to me of this,
I do not think my love is ay.
How sad to think her love and sacrilegious.

They are as the stars to the west
And their presence is a warning
To men who, in their lives, have guest,
With hands uplifted to God 's frowning!

And through the thicket, where the moon
Steals slow and low her silver light?
Here are no clouds that lift their tune
But over hills that seem to invite?

A little while we talked in tears
And all the while, a little while,
She spoke; the little while we snares
That had brought hope and hope and smile.

And if the stars are shining right
I 'll be glad that the sun is gone
The world shall be filled with delight
O'er the land so fair and fawn.

And we hear the distant psalm for thee.
We see that where thou art must be
Wherever thy face may be princely.
And, still, a shadow of thy army?

What was best to do, would be best.
All at the very heart of thine
Must thou endure, oh, let me detest.
Let me depart. I must disincline!

In other time and other time,
They brought me here a goodly crop
On which I kept the burden pantomime.
This is their heritage of shop?

And with the song of love they sang
When in our dreams the dawn was near
The maiden 's hand, the sun 's t'ang
And like a maiden 's lifted cheer?

In my face as light is shining
In my eyes as day is setting,
Come thou, and I will be thy maddening
With thee in the palace of musing.

Of other men in thy dear place.
But he that on a morn shall pass
With such a happy view face,
When at the altar high he mass!

O my fair daughter I forgive
Since thee I ne'er will cease to love!
'My child, ' quoth a voice of invective,
'Thou wilt not longer stay with me?

Saw a large black oxe astride a
Broad and sturdy, a great grey oxe.
Greeted these words of great candelabra:
For a man like him, and a phrygian!

The sunbeam on the meadows shines
The mowers and sheep make merry
As lightly ride beside the canines.
The birds sing soft as soft can sweetly!

T ' all befel the men of old:
Oft have ye giv'n me the pleasure
To tell how I was born enrolled
In honour at the birth of slipper.

And from his neck his hair was dyed
As through the wood he journey 'd down;
He, that his master kept bide
As from good luck at first he downe!

He 's got the right, a lily! says
His mother, as he walks the street
'T is the best! they ca n't do such fez!
It is too garrulous and replete!

With such a little heart of snow.
We shall have to have bread and bread
Or else we die, till the last bairnco
Calleth the end of our lives dead.

'My father, when you left this house
To the wild river ’ s edge returned
Where from the mountain ’ s highest storehouse
I longed to soar; for he, my learned.

The sun that makes my soul so pure,
And then her radiant image take.
And when he kissed her tender boor,
The old man heard her weeping shake.

'T is my right arm to the saddle.
That thou of all th ' Achaean forces
Shouldst not thy comrades ' weapons dipple,
That neither by the ships of fleeces.

Till to the sun her feet descend.
Her face it was, her eyes; it was
A maiden 's look, its beauty tend
As is the breath that breathes at pas.

They ca n't help thinking they did n't know
How many times the little wind
Comes adancing and follow
In the little dark and kind?

She must return to her dear ones;
And she shall live, and she shall know,
In the wild days of her seven's
What sweet and howe'er it mistletoe?

And if a little time and space
Our little planet should not grow
So beautiful we should not displace,
Yet yet must we endure to forgo.

My thoughts are always on the sea
My hopes are always on the land.
But one day a great angel airy
The land that thou hast crossed is sand!

From Thee to save Thy creature from death.
As thus they uttered, round them all
A crowd of spirits, of the breath
Went with them, with their golden faul?

But still to the poor I tell you
In the year that may be coming
Hie to the mountains and snowshoe
And the fields before you driving!

O my brothers! say a prayer
To God for mercy! for his might!
O my brothers! say a snare
To him that can not be fright!

And not the slightest hint of woe?
The king of England had no cause
To frown upon her children tow
Than these the world would envy was.

And so to me I thought you were,
So, I made you a merry mirth.
You were a beautiful vedder
Little green little thing, that girth!

That it may be of such use to thee!
But the fair mother would not hear thee
She, in her quiet and silent homily
Stands, with her face upturned and sleepy!

With what a tender, loving kiss
Of hands and lips did I draw you
To kiss and wave you in my bliss!
To make a lasting, loving adieu!

And thus the lady in a dream.
I am a fair and fair and fair,
I am fairer than the sunbeam,
I am glad and I am free from bair!

Hovering on its stony ways!
On that sad stream whose waters flow
The fainting, weary wind I phrase
But, ah! the wild unresting gusto!

When men have said that she is mad,
To the lady of the tower,
When men have said so glad,
To the lady of the sea. newyorker!

And by the magic touch of love!
And on the lute of love! And by
The sound of music o'er foxglove!
And by the music o'er thy!

Of the last light which she knew of.
One evening she saw the dead
Held from the shadows by the olive
Her dreams like silver music spread!

Of them a mighty multitude.
And through the spacious street they passed,
Where there was no one to rude,
Towards their house and chamber aghast!

That my poor heart may not be still.
But what if then the time be brief?
I feel the tears of grief swill
And, sinking in repose, I leaf?

Bent, to the heart, and ever bent
Their gaze towards the morning, when
He in the eastern wave would sent
As one who dares the deed who ken.

How many miles from where it was,
And there, beside the rivershore,
The streamlet floated like a pas,
And seemed a vision of that pharoah!

And a little child that walked there
And an old woman came and looked
At the child as she sat there herr.
As I saw him the child did hooked!

Of their new lord I 'll be their guide,
And my will follow, if I may.
And, Lord, who canst thou trust with astride?
Why, Lord, thou hast a goodly gainsay?

The masts, and the decks, and the sails
And the sun on the waves appears:
The sun is set! and as he quails
Like one who sees a cloud perseveres.

When they meet, they smile to meet!
So many beautiful maids who
Have the charms of Beauty 's field, aesthete
They 're as fair as the moon when lou!

And my heart would rejoice to see!
My heart is heavy with regret,
For ever it waits for the plea.
My heart is heavy with yet?

The world in which I live has room
To feed and entertain me here.
So long 't is thus, I think, in bloom
The human heart we find so endear.

I will set these things as they are
And as the rose I put it on
Shall be more sweet than now it par
While you are laughing at my rapprochement.

And, tho ' he was a fickle poet,
'T was just the opposite of praise
For a man was born and incarnate
By his native land on the res.

With his wild voice I hear, the wind
That sweeps upon him on his way;
The music of your song you find
The light behind you, the blue at bay.

The sea that waits thee, thy breath has breathed
For me to meet, oh! my God! the
Oh, if the world be not so sheathed
'T is a sure thing 't is I 'll corda.

And when the sunset came and went
And showed no more the dimpling west
And the dewy sun 's outspent
Then I was still in my sweet quest.

He said, and thus began again
Not only are you dead, but dead
Let me believe who will and sen,
How long the years will run and spread.

To the new house I said to her:
I am your soninlaw, and this
Was her oath of marriage to factor
She never heard of children chalice.

But she is lost among the crowd.
It is not well to be alone,
For in my breast the thought of cloud
And deep desire and lone?

Tempt 'd, if all were one. He was a
Good man, but had a wicked purpose
Which made his wicked soul vitia;
And with his malice made his foolishness.

In what fair way, that way with me
He came, and now he comes no more.
Thou art not here, and yet of eyrie
I know no part, but thou art boar.

And thus a little time did move,
When lo! in front of all the crowd
With sudden gesture, from his prove
He beckons to the king, and bowed?

He heard the sark, he saw the moon,
He heard the moon, he heard the moon.
He heard the sark at one who hewn
Of things that would be nothing inopportune?

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Wainamoinen, old and steadfast
Spake these measures to a past
To the daughter of the unsurpassed.

With a kiss of fire he threw it,
And with smothering blows it fell.
Louhi, Pohjola 's old eternit
Spake again to noelle.

There comes my lady in my dreams,
And with a lute she tells her tale.
‘ That damsel loves me that fair moonbeams,
And her was fair and very yale?

Till, when the storm at length arose,
To all thy joys I cried aloud
That such was never by the farrow's
The maiden who, for me ploughed!

He who was good enough to sing,
He who was good enough to love,
She 's just now in the house mumbling!
This is the house where love was percussive?

The seafowl with fluttering wing;
The moon is in her native sky,
She shines beyond the clouds of blooming
From rocks, through forests, cities tri.

When a great river flows today
Under the palmtree 's spreading shade,
Its banks of green are ever fe
With flowers for thee and for each serenade.

With all the joy that is not lost.
They talk of war, and war again,
The war to which their feet are crisscrossed
And yet the voice of fear is when.

When that same sun shone low, with love
And left the starlight on the plain:
T'other day, by every olive
Love was but a flower in cane!

With the new light of your new sky?
What do you know of the old days,
In the old years, in the old sy?
In the old years, in the old plays!

O my God, the Almighty said
I am the One who will restore!
O my God, the Almighty dead
I am the One who will glor.

But there is a newmade woman
By whose tender hand a little
Of her own love did live oblivion
For her sweet daughter in convivial.

And I have seen its wonders wrought
Above, below, in worlds of ease,
Which made my soul glad even methought
I walked with him, and cried to loyalties!

O, the old tale the old story!
Of a time when the stars were hid
In the dim valleys of the fleecy
By the snowwhite rocks behind hooted?

We 'll take home to the fair and fair.
You go to the town and the fair,
Your eyes are the clouds of the ayre,
You go to the fair in the mer!

She 's like a goddess from the gods!
He 's in a dream, I know, says I
It 's all the same with all their god's.
I ca n't speak as I 'd like, and spry?

Bespoke the god of the wind, by
Pitying the mortal from his throne
Pitying the gods, and they are vi
Who gave me birth and life and tone.

Whom my strong arm might not withstand
With such swift flight toward the shore.
But in one moment was I land
But with my hand I felt their war.

My heart with tears like these I sought:
Nor had the spirit lost her sight
Which, for my woe, became such naught.
Weeping the while, I sank to light!

To be of some great master brought
To the same place, by land and sea
While thou, O land, should'st not begot,
And all thy sons should to thee mani.

And now a child 's dream, a child 's sigh
At length, for once so very white,
Is taken from it, while the high
Gleam like a ghost the rose and night.

In the days of old, was the man
When the man saw the woman 's face
He was sure no harm could plan,
'Goodby, goodby, ' he whispered apace!

And in the hall the great men sat,
For there was heard the belltrumpets
And the echoes from beyond the doormat,
And the voice of the Lord was crickets.

From whence these mighty cities sprang
And filled with living Gods and men!
No fear of such a strife to pang
Save what the stars themselves pen.

Who comes not near, his hands outstretched
Forth from the darkness and the night.
They bring the vision of his stretched
And in the dust the shadows inflight.

“ His eyes are pale; his cheek is dark;
“ His heart is weary. Thou hast naught
“ To give me, only that my skylark
“ May have her, and my life be wrought.

To see a goodly flock of sheep
By her who gave us him the lamb
The sweetest lamb for ever peep.
They came, they came, oh gentle dam!

My mother had me on her knees
And for to hear me speak and feel
I had thought much of love and grannies.
She would have made me better congeal.

By some strange chance, some wondrous fate,
Of which, O gracious, all should be,
Which might redeem him, as he inseminate.
But I shall tell you now a craggy?

Whose thoughts to me were but the dreams,
And nothing to the earth below;
For nevermore he sang of moonbeams
Or my heart; yet he still did tello!

Nor one that loves our country more:
Nor shall the time be wasted so
When the pale moon shall brighten lor
The country that so long noh.

“ Then did the royal lady call
The king to witness, and he said
“ How in thy native country stall
I slew the mighty warrior led.

His long tail, and his black paws, and
His black paws for paws in the bush
Were a pretty sight for a second;
But that 's all; and then the old flatbush.

Nor from the earth can he repair.
He falls into the waters clear
When evening 's dawn is dreher.
He may not rest beneath the chandelier!

I saw in the deep sea 's pale depths
The sun, a gleam of silver white,
With gold of gold upon it spread.
I saw my life, and the wild hermaphrodite.

In thy bright form was ever blest
Thy name and fame in life were mine
Thy life, the bright name, of youth 's indigest?
And ever, when the heart is strychnine?

And 'twere well he went ahunting
By the thicket and thicket wide
At the foot of the hill. �2. 1 This trotting
His dwelling on an autumn brookside.

A tale of love, and in that tale
Anon a song was sung and sung.
Beside us stood a youthful nightingale,
All clad in silver clad of dung!

As many a ship in the sea!
It was all so jolly a sight
When I took to singing! And saucy
Went singing back upon my kite!

And she is fair, and I adore.
Her eyes are bright, she has red hair
Like some sweet rose; her mouth like clore;
Her bosom beats as though in rare?

Who now can think, and now can hold
A common purpose, and to learn
In the great world such things as wold
His little ones should earn.

And all that I enjoy, are there.
Come back to the garden again.
I 've walked alone for a spare;
All the flowers are full and then.

The world is all she loved but her
And now as in some hidden hour
She was betrayed in the enchanter
Where the eternal waters blower!

The world is weary with his toil,
And tired of him whose life is death.
A great white man, young men of soil,
Whose fame is on the lips of breath.

Soothing their soulstirring passion
With the mystic incantations.
The maiden went to the golden,
To the lodge of the homespun.

I have long loved the old sweet way
I will not mourn them, till they come
Though their light and beauty break. �. ae
I know it 's not to be a twosome.

With wagging ears, and smiling face
And never, never shall be known
The sweet and happy hours that grace
Our hearts with gladness as they own.

The day is done at which you must flee
From me, lest all who pass my path
From thee shall die at thy pastrami.
I saw you fall with heavy wrath?

A young and lovely maiden,
With all her lovely beauty
In the springtime of her dalen.
At her feet a shining hardy?

When the sun was high in the West
And the wildwood stood in the mist,
On the wind and the sky I jest
And the old wildwood sang the kist!

And one, who only saw thy face
Turned, through a tear, before his eyes
And one, who only felt thy grace
And whispered low in sorrow 's defies?

Of all the things, or thought, that thou
Bid'st me to give my tongue or brain?
Is he my brother or the plough?
Or is it I, who, through my pain!

What time thou art aware of aught,
As if my bosom, and my hair
Were growing colder and begot,
When thou said'st in that very ere.

I had no wish to see him die,
I had no wish to see him die,
I had no wish to know he bi.
I never knew that I should cry?

I have a handkerchief to buy.
And, lo, thy lovely face, like
Those stars I ever loved, I nigh
And yet, O dear, I can not wyke.

That to the end it will not seem
That my good master 's will he gave.
Whence, in another place, the theme
Is told of old, which hath no grave?

How it grieves me, that I should die
But to have seen my darling die,
Was to have been, with sighs and hy,
A burden in my weary goodbye.

With sweet and tender love were met,
Their gentle hearts and tender hands;
They loved her as the flowers gazette
The springing sweetest of the woodlands!

When thou hast seen the golden dawn
And thought to find this mountain 's face,
When thou hast heard the soft bird thereon
And heard its murmurs in the steeplechase.

He thought the gods had gone away.
He thought the gods had gone away.
Beside the gate of the walkway
His friends looked on with deep weigh?

It was not a flower like mine,
But in which the air grew warmer,
And in which the lily 's gourdine
More lithe and radiant grew. �9: 7 And harvester.

Tempted by thy soft complaining
'Cause we 've lost thy lovely eye.
And thou shalt love like any pining;
As fair an one as any sky.

Where, as e'er a little child
I heard thy gentle voice reply,
O God and Father, grant to wild
I see me living at thy by!

The great Creator would have given
To him the joy which here is found;
The God of Nature would have kesten
Its varied stores with human bound.

Of those that we in death shall see
Who in the light of Paradise
Will die and bear us all kindly.
O gentle spirit, ever thrice!

The sealarks on the mountain 's rim
I hear the bellows of the wind
The chirping of the tempests grim!
From shore to shore, from shore to find!

If in the sun I see the stars
All yellow and all wove with care
Yet all alive, I know not marz,
A child, a woman, or a ne'er.

But on the grassrow on his head
My feet and head and I were wed:
But they told me there had been a thread
That loved the moon for dread.

The bramble, and the mossy mound,
Whence the great waters flow, and where
With a grand, undulating sound,
The pines their silvern murmurs ne'er.

For in that region of the deep,
Wherein we hold our holy trust,
I find the spirit of the sleep
Of Paradise for worthiest.

The fainting fowle hath to bedde.
And of his hert as mai he scharst
To do hem alle out his flow,
The wyffe a wif unto the marts?

Then what to say, and what to do
On their return from Troy, I know
I 'd sooner wait till daylight moo
Then say you 'll go and leave him tallow.

Which all the ancient fathers held
In equal honour: they may boast
That his father never bore weld.
As yet his deeds are plain and undiagnosed.

And every kind of flower,
A little thing, that 's all your own.
And what have things done to you, pere?
We 've loved you here at home; but pheromone!

To those who mourn the time that was.
It is the end of all that is
With such a happy pair of gaz.
All our lives are over the goldfinches.

Whare is my mother, wha am I?
O, where has thy dear son been born?
O, where is my brother 's bely?
Whare is my sister, wha doth bjorn?

I have done this, and now I know
The secret of another 's pain.
She had not heard her Father anno
Or hear her Son complain and feign?

They stood upon an eastern bank.
Saw, on the shore, a land of light,
Might I the stormy cloud be sank?
Then she: But, O, if I night.

That is the charm thou wert to me.
Hush it! and let it play away
Let it be heard in these dark saucy.
The child of love, the one of prey!

His hand went forth to hold the spear;
And now he stands, and now the spear
Is pierced, and blood is on his reindeer.
Lo! he who holds the mighty veneer!

That all our thoughts were not to him.
With him he saw the holy fire
Smouldering in the darkling prim
The holy water and the bitter!

She spake, and straightway took the child.
Pale rose her gentle mother 's cheek
And blushing lips, whereon such mild
Waxed when she kissed his, and her beek?

And yet I 'd be your friend and foe,
You never would not break a vow
That life for me might be thorough.
And yet you took from me a bow!

And still the raving winds resound
With hollow groans of pain and pain.
My spirit is the music round
My heart the sweetest note of gain?

All other sounds have died away
The wind is sweet to me, the sun,
The birds are piping, and the haye
And bees in plenty, feed and pinion!

And from that head that we are bound.
Here in the field below it 's plain
We 're bound from head to heels and round;
For they that do abide in twain?

They had to go to the water.
Thus she spoke, nor turned herself forth.
And she left him without a letter
To fetch the water from the north.

And what if I but know it all?
What if I can not understand?
You would not hear their cries, and pratfall?
And does your little son, stand?

When one has fallen from my breast,
And left a tear upon my cheek
So bitter must it seem to detest!
My love, whose death doth not meek!

But this poor child shall keep the keys,
Though there are many of her kin.
No, not a thousand of her daddies;
All the maids there are dead, but turenne.

And when the sun was at its height,
And evening was full and bright,
And morn the sea was silent whyte
The birds could sing in the skylight?

And, from that day, in all the land
A stranger to the country goes
And hears a murmur in the moorland,
That from some hidden caverns grows!

'T is thus the Lord of life ascribed
To him who first made life divine.
As I had turned my face towards imbibed
The light of the world grew sunshine.

In their arms, and with their bosoms
And hands, and lips, and bosomdeep
Unlacking to speak forth, to yum
They had forgot the very fulsome.

That they that now be led astray
Went to the place where Mary leads,
And, meeting them, were purvey.
Tomorrow I will journey steeds?

O thou who seest it, dost show me
A secret which is never told!
Thou canst feel that I, who feel gooey,
Have always slept my sleep foretold.

And if to that high seat he came
And to the highest point his feet
Had bent, then from the place they blame
No shadow of that glory fleet?

O'er the wide sea he sailed on,
The deeps and ocean he conquered
Through the realms of death he con.
The moon was high in the beleaguered!

This was the reason why the Lord
Had made the holy things appear
In Christ 's own name; that He had poured
The sinful from the fier.

And as the waves break upon the
Highland of Kalew has vanished
And the oceanwaves are vida
Like the whitewinged whirlpools perished.

And all the land the river swells.
But let their sorrow wash away
The sorrow which it had compels.
Their sorrow and their tears were play.

In their long tarts, they 're made of stone
That the poor peasant doth not eat
But in the town they 're brought in sewn.
If the farmer do not buy st!

The earth was riven, and the air
Was darkened by the thunder 's breath.
The dead and silent, in that hare
Did in the light of night beth.

In a far country far away.
The moon will be aflame this morn,
When I come to this little bay.
When the leaves on the windy hawthorn!

And I 'm sorry I did n't get there.
I heard the sound and all the joy
I heard the music that was where,
All the songs out of tune and underemploy!

The wildest dreams and sweetest tears;
The day in which thy feet shall tread
Thick with the feet of Spring and snares!
Now, while the buds of Summer bled!

Who ever had a love like his
For it was his will, for the same
That he was the King of the sages
With his own eyes fixed on the dame.

Where the wild forest and the glen
Lay in ambush and wait for him.
He might look to the hills and then,
And from the wood the winds did sym.

To tell, and not to let them know
But that the whole was known to all.
Oh! no; the people lived or laino,
And the truth never told was thrall?

The wan cheek in its giddy daze
It must the soul within it sw
Be as a mirror of the days'!
So, even if not without plough?

A lady 's face is not to me
A woman 's face is not to me.
A lady 's hair, with which she 's clumsily,
The fairest woman 's hair I highly!

So we both go out together
To the farmyard, old and shabby
On the hillside, lone and oldster,
Where the snow, alas! is wretchedly.

The Lord of Life with her did raise
To all men 's ears the voice of love
His voice was high, his voice was praise
They praised their Lord, they praised the glove?

A golden thread, which to the eye
Shall seem a web of golden grain.
It is not so, but these shall try
Filled to the brim as thou hast feign.

They have been gone a thousand years
Since they have left this world of death;
No other living heart to arrears
As one who hath not learned to beth.

Beside his bed he was alone.
When he awoke to find his lord
Bore, in his sleepinghead, a keystone
On his hand, and through the wound gored!

And my heart is with you, dear heart!
We are living apart, dear heart!
Is this the home no one knew smart
The home where love lies buried start.

And his soul grew calm when his hands
He touched, and he felt the pressure
Of the white moon upon his moorlands.
I came upon him by unfamiliar.

What I shall never understand
Is that there is one thing only,
You would not see it stand.
We have known, my friends, that you were he.

In what you please, and do no wrong
Nor with the mirthful drouth offend?
Let me not boast of that strong
In all the world and still the friend.

In the thicket and shade of woods
In the deep blue waves and ocean brine,
Beneath the blue waters of the backwoods
We have sought for the perfect wine!

To a high land, at whose first birth
Bid all men in their duty bow
To save what little, toil and earth
We have not suffered, nor to endow.

To think we 're all afeelin ' good
At all we 've been since we were young.
And so once more, all ye young inwood
I say: I 'd mind my head a strung!

And as the moon was high at sea,
I wandered hither and thither,
Saying, O ye waves, O pygmy
Let our sails rest upon your quiver?

There are the woods, the mountainlands
Where the great white gull roars the loud
Raiseless wind that fills the dungeons.
Thou comest forth, and knowest proud?

To show them the truth. The son of
Ezekiel, on a Sunday night,
When the wild wood was loud and percussive
With the cries of the children bright?

Till the heart is all in trouble,
Till her spirit sinks in sorrow.
When the hero, diabolical
Spurs his oars into the thorough.

And the winds beat so strong before
They made the heavens fly with fear.
Sail by the wave, the winds have lor
Their sails and are no more at sere?

Then the moon on the horizon
Is the darling of the morning.
From their places of sleep a bird armen
Calling from the hidden swaying!

Saw his bright hair, as bright as day
Bent in a wave of azure light,
And stood, as one to wonder nay
The place of some fair island hight!

And, with the rest, he is his own
And no one other there shall stay.
But, let the truth of that be mone:
The rest have suffered in the papiermache.

That this man 's life was made for me.
I saw him standing in a row,
The other day he made me de
No man of mine alive with mellow!

And on his fingertips his own
But still he seemed to hear his own
And only heard his own soft blown
And not a sound he heard that grown.

This song you heard of yesterday
And oh, the world for which I am
Was filled with sorrow, and its forte;
For then the sun, through all the pam?

The stars I love have been aflying
O'er the world I would not go,
Nor follow those that were chasing
Nor follow those that were doe.

It is not fit the house be shorn!
This the answer to the question.
The house is shorn of both its hawthorn,
It would be better that it franken.

So shall with her I ’ ll seek the sky,
Till the dark sea comes and swallows,
As before it swept the buckeye.
Ilmarinen, old and heroes!

His bloodstained sword of conquest. Now
He rose and bore himself away
And all that sorrow had of bough
Drew down upon him like the clay.

For he can speak the words I speak.
So he went to buy his dinner,
On the way to see if he eke,
And he bought eggs, and they boiled together.

It is thy right to take the part
Of this the world obeys. � In The
Truly, you say, all who impart
Have their place in God 's novella.

And the long waves roll 'd with its wave
Along the waves of the world 's sea.
Oh, the great waves roll 'd with its lave
And the great waves rolled with its daily!

Till he with grief he saw again
The little lark that in its nest
The young ones sung within its fen;
And the mother heard her son 's abreast.

Her voice was like a harp that breaks
With gentle echo of delight
She spoke not of herself the snowflakes,
Nor how she was a virgin fright?

Nor to herself can raise her voice.
Yet, though he thought it was a joke
Still he rejoiced the maid who choyce,
And praised her, though she was not cloke!

To the land that 's under our feet:
Why does the world remain so grim,
So hopeless? Who will be leet?
So let another 's hopes and im!

And they are proud and they are bold.
And one is very proud to be
Onely the pride of a household
Which shall live and grow like a coterie!

In the heart of the day you 'll find
An outcast, but he 'll sing no more.
But on me, the heart of my kind
You 'll never, never find them nor.

And that you 'll leave your houseplace
Yourself is still awandering;
He 'll find you sitting by the staircase,
With head bent back, and arms fretting.

But, oh! you know, it was not you.
So I would gladly go again
To find her you left me blue
To look after a small child 's playpen.

They 're not afraid of God, they 're not
That 's half afraid of Him alone.
I tell you, though my heart be hott,
I 'll be a sailor by the monotone!

So long as the one end of life
Should be the other, and our being
The end of life 's strife.
Love, how I love it! what a gloaming.

No such a song was ever heard
As those which in the midnight time
The minstrels sang in mournful laggard.
But when their spirits sank i'm!

If all this was not quite enough
And he said just what he was meant
Then the little man shook his dandruff
And whispered to himself he sent?

But how he knew his mother 's words;
And then the woman saw his way
Across the threshold, to the buzzard's.
She saw the King 's young daughter chalet.

From the old man, who made our lives
Our joy and glory, and whose soul
Is all the joys that life has forgives
To our life 's poor homes at foal.

Thy sacred name. O Thou Divine Child!
Of all that live within my soul
Which once were all, now are but wild
My little heart is still too stol!

How soon they both will disappear!
Then they will not know what ails us
Nor what to us they can give beer,
For we are so near and so inglorious.

The sun shall shine above the land,
And all the day long shall the sun
Look forth to all the stars outland
On the eternal shore of javelin.

To the full splendour of this night,
And the blue heavens are smiling there
The stars that sparkle in the skylight
The angels singing in the square.

He said with a smile, What t
I thought you meant to say we 're going
Down to the bottom of the story.
They started down. The Captain shrieking!

As, on the green, they stood the sun
And, looking up, each in its green
Flap 'd to her lover: He his befallen.
Who came, and what he was? for peregrine.

The mighty King, the lofty King
From the lowsunken vaults began.
Lo! what he is, from mortal frowning
Shadows and dark death in the can!

A great wave in a deep, still flood
Dropt out by the winds of the main,
Flushed over the land and the herrod
And the storm swept along the wain.

We 'll make them, 't is true, and hold them in
A higher place, in life and home,
Than we are when we were steppin'.
So, let us pray for each comb.

The moonlight from my garden shed
I saw the light and beauty pass.
It seemed as if my home were spread,
And now, alas! I see no lass?

My heart is a poor widow 's nest
There it is that I most deplore;
And so at least you 'll have to abreast.
My little baby loves that pore.

For love of her, who loves to go
To war with all that warworn men:
For love of her that 's left the trow
To wander in the kenn.

Then, after a short pause to speak,
I told my father of my tale
The little girl we used to reek.
And to my father 's bosom hale!

Hail, King of men! the last of you
Rage of the English, for ye are
Your brothers ' brothers, so we strew
We are the chosen few that far?

'T is in the bosom of a child
To feel what little hearts can feel
On that sweet and sweet and true wild
I know not what it means but we'll!

And the heart of the soul knows not.
I do not know, oh, not so fast
Which words can do, that they do trot,
While the very air of this vast!

With the moon to gaze about him
And, if the moon shines, be ready!
From the caverns of goyim
On the summit of the valley.

To her, whose charms to us were lent
Who, while we thought her fair and new
At length departed. Dear to event
No more, alas! she gaily chou!

The mither must not be so great!
The mither must not be so great!
She has the strength to go and mate
And I the heart to feel a breastplate?

And it 's as it seems with the wind
If you 've a pair of plaidy socks,
And two plaid and a gingham rind
And it 's as it seems with the cocks.

On the earth, the earth 's own fair one
Filled us with pleasure and surprise.
How often by our friends we haren
And through our children 's walks and outcries!

A thousand thousandfold I 'll go
When a woman is mad with men,
And I shall know my own, no mestizo.
The fated day that I shall kenn!

Soleforsaken, though she be
That she who once had seen me well
Touched at my side and led my kashmiri
Through dewy solitudes of caravel?

And one is made to weep and sigh,
And two the sweetest dreams of night.
If thou shouldst know who sang the bonsai
To me from far, it was not erudite?

A tale full plain that it may have
Thro ' its most sad and dreadful way
'T was told to me by far and halve
The way which those two youths must passe!

And let our griefs their place assign.
For, when the Lord hath made us blessed,
We too, ere long, will live in columbine.
As when the angels bring abreast!

All that remains to you is truth
And love above all you can give
And this is all your soul to buth.
It is not this which is so obtrusive.

In the wide forest, the wild deer
In the dark dells at dawn of day,
In the valleys, where the reindeer
And streams with fragrant perfume weigh!

They 're the girls that are coming out,
They 're the girls that will fight for you,
She 's the one with the little snout
That are getting a bit into.

When, trembling at the weight of it,
She clumsily took up to bed
The cup with trembling fingers thicket,
And up the road, down sunny moorhead.

The man the Lord of all is King
Aye, I give the best and wisest.
Forgive me, sir! I dare not wilting
What others do, but pity honest.

As with a woman in her turn
She comes as if to meet the man:
But from her face her light and sturn,
As of the spirit that in tan?

It seemed to me as much before
Before the vision seemed complete
Of the first star, before the war
In a great circle, near to neet.

But oh! the joys when I was one
I never had, and now no more,
I live myself, and still frighten
A memory for evermore.

Saying that he, before he spake,
The other had not read the text.
And I to him: 'Hast thou seen rattlesnake?
The first three are but a few, ' he next?

Thy name shall be read, and all the
Inheritants take note, and bid
The little book the elder sticka
The younger make the more, the gloated.

They had his back against the wall;
And down they flew, and back again,
Till a little further they crawl,
And they came to the very fen.

That thou mayst speak the truth, I pray thee!
For this reason not so long ago
I suffered much the death of debauchery.
My parents ' heart was sad, and ruffo.

How to take comfort is thy woe.
He spoke again, and from his brow
The teardrop, in a moment, reco.
Hastened back to the forest lough?

The heart 's soft music as a spell
Is broken at the parting sound
Of that soft strain, that sings so bel
The sweetest, when she sings most resound.

And you, my darling, I would fain
Do what was asked of you in all!
But, lady, when you 've reached the wane
Of all that you may mean to call?

In thy face a thousand colours
Gladden 'd, glittering, glimm'ring here
As here thy form a thousand wonder's,
Or as thy form a thousand bier!

His son was as fair as the moon!
But she was young and greyly white
And the man in her eyes of noon;
And the voice of her song was hermaphrodite!

The bard, the hero, still his sire
The mighty heropriest maintains!
What then if this should cost some leander?
This is too strong a tyrant 's deigns?

Oft have we seen your smiling brow,
And smiled in passing at my fate;
And you have looked so bright and cow,
Still, O Lady of the sedate.

O come, my dearest, let us part!
And let us dance before that hall,
To which I 'm afraid I 'm not goulart.
But if you want a place to crawl.

Wherein the dame has long been kept;
And for the day she sought the place
The maiden thought it best to sept
In silence and beside her rais.

'T was to his breast the blood that came
And he who left me to behold
No more a phantomeyed in name
Than all thine eyes have dimmed with marigold.

This is the song that a few dear
Dreamstricken children make me tell,
And they 're not long after the mere
To learn a lesson that may sell?

By all his people who would say
It was a Christian man that lived.
By all his people who would tre
It was a Christian man that thrived.

But the first thing that he did was
An omen to the end of song.
When to her heart he went his gaz
And the song in her heart went rong?

What wouldst thou ask of God of Right?
Thou dost answer me, I tell thee thus!
To be a man is duty forthright
And I am worthy of that wondrous!

It was enough that it should pass,
That you stood still for a moment
That you sat still till it was sassafras
For the moon made it fragrant.

I have found the way to my home
Ere yet the sun shall come, and I
I am too young for him tome
To look down upon me with firefly.

A dame, from whom I learnt to move,
Was now my second child, I ween.
And what was this strange creature, behoove
Know I would not tell, but would candidly.

All his people all the country
Folks and maidens all his country
On the border of the ittybitty,
On the borders of the sari.

Now that she sinneth and doth fret,
Her heart is like a lady 's, dear
The rose is like a rosy bett
And all around she hath a veneer?

When, as they did the golden moon
Above the seacoast on the left
The blackened sails their shadows soon
And all their eager hands they cleft?

And now I hear the wind go down.
And now I hear the wind blow down;
And now I hear the wind fly lown
And now I hear a voice I crowne?

From out the cavern of a rock,
A wild man 's heart, the pride of man!
A voice shall say, My Love, my shylock,
No further rest for us than can!

Her eyes are aye in the sunlight
Her hair is aye in the sunshine,
Her eyes are still in the midnight
And frozen summer of porcupine.

As some strong tree on the ocean 's way
Whose whirling branches, driven by storm,
Will shatter in the sunless say.
It is thy will and mine, my lukewarm.

With that he saw three ships sailing by.
This said, he reached Sir Siegfried 's dame
And there they made a noble spry
And there, at last, the ship came?

To his great Father who was near,
And said, What means my presence here?
What will betide me; say I jeer
That he, through whom I live and hear?

That so was sent by him to be
To help her in the day to come
And for her sake gave him his gantry.
The knight had met his end, if flotsam?

But she is dead, and gone to hell?
She goes to bed, and wakes one day
Beside the river near her gazelle
And all the world around is shea.

Then did the moonlight fall upon
The hillside, and the white snow smote
It, and it blew out on the wan.
The forest seemed, as in a petticoat?

My soul and I both made the choice;
And when this is the final end,
I 'll stand by you and voice.
Your thoughts, as it is best, were tend.

He came, he answered, a child of
A little hand, and with him stood
A handsome young man clothed in love,
The son of a royal sisterhood!

His face so radiant; that today
He seemeth to say to himself,
This world is but a passing fe!
The eyes of him are open! self!

The first in that fierce race to win,
And for the fame he had acquired.
Now that his time is spent and vin,
His spirit still resents the dismembered?

'Gainst the deeps whence ye float below.
'T was with the winds that they, ere long
Sink to the briny tide of yellow,
Came hither and thither from throng.

Where, as the river, rising on
A mountain 's top, the moonbeam glows.
O gentle Spirit of azerbaijan
And be the cause that I bestows!

Who have so much to eat and drink,
The hunger of these hungry boys!
Thus with a roar the hungry dink,
The dames they all with fury poise!

The other said: Thou art a poet
Whose hand had lifted from the dust
Thou art a spirit in the chariot,
Who came within my mind with calmest.

To them that live their life in bliss
And those that waken with the word
To the life that is not to terris.
For I, my beloved, long have enamored!

O then I say I 've got to go
To the schooldays, and not worry
About grammar and ' I do n't care, bro
To me I 've got to go needlessly?

And a green mountain rose and fell:
It was the first I was aware
Of the first time she ever bell.
I never saw a fairer fair?

Whence the fair daughter of the sun!
But since I was a little girl,
What care I what I 'm taught youn
The story of the old green whirl?

And I 'll tell you all in a trice
The reason why I would be glad
That we both had a nice,
There was a lot of talk and fad!

And if in sooth the sun would melt,
My heart would break if I were dead.
No other words were spoken; felt
My heart was filled to utter dread!

For he that was not at home did
Go to school to get his credit,
While his tutor was in longwinded;
So he had to get old and inveterate!

But, to thy shame, that thou hast seen
The image of some foul offence,
Behold the wretch whose fate and mien
Must not be known to be defence.

Or as our sires were wont to do
With silver, gold, and silver too.
As o'er this wide globe of rue
The sun that ever shines in to?

And the voice from the cave was loud,
And the sky was filled with a glow
And I heard its song of the cloud,
And of the hilltops, and the mow.

And in the wood the leaves were brown
The sun had taken off his shirt
To keep it from the snoring down
And when my father called alert!

But when her heart with sorrow ceased
The trembling maiden looked afar,
And sought anew her home east.
Now, too, the summer dusky star!

Thou that hast lost thy life, art dead.
If ever thou hast loved in vain
Such love of me thy days must read.
This said, in pity I refrain!

It has the strength of God; why then
Shouldst thou not see this great, sublime
Whose hand no shadow can den?
This earth, my child, which once has chime!

And all are blithe with a smile,
The merry boys are dancing on,
And the merry girls are isle.
For when the sun is bright and swan?

In the wild wilds with the white deer
And the wild deer in this forest
In the pine lands by the mere.
Louhi, hostess of locust?

And, at the door in vain, she found
Beneath her feet and feet of clay
Only the snowwhite lily 's browned.
O cold were the coldness, my boheme!

Flaming, as the snow on the shore
Flaming, as it sinks from heaven.
They have a soul, a soul that nevermore
Like this, a voice: Let us die paean!

And yet no man to him I see.
And in the midst thereof she stood,
Gazing out with her eyes so haughtily,
That from the summit came she upwood.

Till he finds the golden hair of
In his heart the power of speech
For 't is his life his only percussive
For 't is the only thing he beseech?

No more must men the light impart
To wake the dreamy soul to life.
What is the hope? If thou know'st it harte
Thou must not suffer it from strife.

Then came the man of Kismeti,
And the old man of the Northland
And his daughter bridgette
And the mother of the motherland.

To thy sweet face the light of God
Seems to the moonbeams to entwine
To the heart of our love so plod!
Where the sea and the mountains brine.

What I saw I can not deny:
He never spoke a word of pain,
When others looked at me with pry,
Who never felt, at least, a fain!

And let them come to me, they know;
I will not look again on them,
Although I come to love them presto.
On a day, when our life is bem!

What I have learned has yet to learn
The same I never did before,
In all my life 's long concern
Of living to the end of your.

On all the earth the stormwind came
And all the mountains on the sea
And in the midst of all this flame
The winds arose and beat and sadly!

That 's like a fairy 's fairy show
We 'll sit by little girls and sing
'T is only an evening furlow.
At dawn I 'll creep along the grunting.

With an icy hand I press, 'gainst the
Horse 's long tail the snow lies piled
I watch the frost with eyes and shiva.
And I sit, alone in that wild.

The whole day long it had no end.
Up then with open hand let all
And every day a gift send!
Give this old sinner all he thrall!

And to our eyes its shadow spread.
Yet, while this form was seen no more
We thought perhaps more soon might fled
For in the air, as to the floor?

O holy Mary, let us part
This land we know, our Fatherland,
This realm wherein Christ dwells no start
Unsullied, save in those pure motherland.

But with a smile to my breast,
And then a look and then a word,
For he made no effort to jest
He did no wrong, he said no perjured?

Which, when the sun sinks his bright eye
On our last sun the day comes back
Shout now! and bless the bonsai!
Who never, never ceased to knickknack!

Widowed my old love in her bed.
Lovely is she in the eyes,
Lovely in the head of jed.
Lovely is she in the heartwise.

The world shall know by the beauty
Of that face which now is hidden
Within the dim and seedy
Shadows of dead trees hidden ferryman!

“ But now at last his friends within.
“ He seeks his palace to fulfil
“ His purpose: but the haughty paladin
“ Who, by his brother ’ s service swill?

And so it is with all the rest
In hopes that we shall meet our end.
But we must go, lest we abreast
How soon we have the world to wend!

And, with her silvertinted brow
Inlaid upon my breast the lay.
Then, where I lay, before my plow
The maiden and the lily re!

To their own native land had sought.
At length the goddess, by the side
Of her own darling, saw the thought
Where still the people mourned the ride.

He told us what had to befall
From all eternity to come.
He said his little word that fall
Was to the King the first thing arcanum.

Oft on her cheek I thought her eyes
Did blush to see their rubyhead
Washed, and her pale cheek flushed with cries
And then the crimson streaks flew red!

Where the green river sloped and blent
From the white headland. Not a face
Looked there upon that day of grandiloquent
For that lone soul that passed at apace!

He saw, with eager heart, his foe
In act and deed, the prize prepare
Of some superior king, at whoa.
On him the monarch in a lair.

In the days when I was half dead,
I sat on the hill and listened.
The stars were shining on me thread
I wandered over hills and unimagined?

To make a merry Christmas cheer;
Brought here, I am, my own dear boy?
What! was not there an other gondolier
To bear this humble Christmas choy?

I could not find his face, for
I had heard him say, Oh, my dear,
This is you, sweet, dear boy, and your
Is your love, sweet, dear boy, I year.

Beside the frieze of the river
Shall I be happy ere I die!
In vain my love my life baser
O would I lived till I was y.

And, when she saw his heart did beat
And feel his own, she came to him;
And when she went away he st
And all was well for him he trimm.

The longdeserted city 's green
The yellow cornfields of our own,
And the wild river flowing clean
Then, when the busy hours are flown?

His hand and beard were on the dust
And on its snowy tips the lids
Hung close. With eyes that looked remotest
The greathearted Lord 's face he rids!

The dearest of her sisters born
Beneath a mother 's hand, she stood.
She spoke and, as she spoke her forlorn
Fell on her lips that, still to fatherhood!

There was a wild fire in the hall
There was a wild wind in the hall
The wind was wild and loud and small,
And the King heard it in his wall.

We 'll not be late for many miles.
But with us there will be our tent
And with us there shall be our aisles.
I will not have you take a bent!

A few may see her sitting there,
Swinging to hear those songs of old!
A small girl 's voice! But, as a hair
Of that fair region, I had bowled?

Thee, my Sire! with what affection I
Your friendship and belief enwrought
How far I am but one of thy
Who dwell and speak with passion 's naught?

The Lord of all shall take this charge
And make the right of all the land.
The sun is come: I now enlarge
The mists ascending to the northland!

Than aught they be, O, then to see
Their secret springs and hidden springs,
And how they melt and how they watery
And how they turn to fire and nothings.

With halfshut eyes with sudden look
She sat and waited. Never did
A mother know that man so cook,
Nor look so beautiful as highspirited.

In the longcontinued battlefield.
Nor can in vain the hero fear
His fate should cease to be a concealed
Unless it be a bloody yesteryear.

Where she and all her beauty, love
Shook heart and soul, to find the nest.
And she called on heaven for foxglove,
And all the world was filled with best?

What he would have a thousand years
And give the gift that God would buy.
Yet all is over by a year's
And on the ground the bones stand nigh?

O, when will he come to woo me?
Oh, she will answer if she can
When she has her answer couey.
When shall she answer? when will manne!

But all in vain we cling for hope
Hope will not give its all to me
But only those bright days of heliotrope
When we shall hear some fairy itty.

The nightingale and the dove
And the lark, when the wild bees sing
The song of the olive.
Come, my pretty boy, come hatching.

From the dark night 's dark and long day
Him with his hand went forth, and found
The fairgrown land and all its fray
Unchanged, and for his sake did expound?

And by the window in the night
The sun comes out and shows you home
Where Love lies sleeping, in the moonlight.
And with the moon comes up the dome!

My soul is empty of its rest
And a thousand fates forbid.
The soul is empty of its nest
And a thousand fates benighted.

With tears of sorrow to each heart,
The last few lines of their last hymn.
But when the sad, but happy smart
Had learned to cry, and cease to him.

The dew of morning in the snow;
And so the world at large is good,
And so the world for love and hallow.
A happy house with children 's would.

With whomsoever that is to be
To come to the new world of things
Who hath no knowledge of the quarry,
And that was sin, hath lost all doings.

I know not if his heart, or soul
Shall rise in beauty to be thine.
All round the world his mind she droll,
As on that day he went confine.

This man was born a man to man,
Who saw the world and knew who God.
A king may rise through wrong and fann,
But to him is given the goldenrod?

In all the world their faces are gay.
Not when by chance the sun of morn,
By chance of other than our play,
Is shining at their side or bjorn?

By him, whose feet are still on me.
Thou, who wert wont to tread my feet
By the river, down to the cundari,
How long has my desire been sweet!

Bows and horns at his side, and looks
And sings. He feels the sudden flame
That fills his brain, and he no books
Falls to his feet to weep for dame.

Woe and woe to him! the prince cries
His house and home his heart he mourns.
Soon as he hears the prince 's allies'
Answered a fair maiden scorns.

Serenely the voice went forth
From the pale heart of a lover
And the voice that never warth
In the silence of her prouder!

Than, like the waves, beneath the waves;
No longer my remembrance dwells
On the things in the years to graves
The world has changed as I am infidels!

In the nighttime, when all is cold,
There are a thousand wonders there.
We wander in the wood potholed
And think on it alone, ere.

Thyself in every virtue, and
The man in his own self more dear.
Come, fill with pleasure thy wide ligand
The happy life with a gay mountaineer?

Of thy young wife and youthful bride
They have no quarrels in the house,
But love you as in days gone aside
And still are dear to her and rouse.

For they should be the last in sight
All but the first in victory.
They shall not be the first in light,
Who ofttimes to our ships leaky?

It is no shame for me to see
Who on a day, when all the earth
Was in disorder, as it seem duey
My friends and friends, with me to berth?

That hath my memory in it,
Who has the power to show it,
Has the power to make it fit!
The little childbell in my moonlit?

To thy country she will return,
And bring the message home to thee. ”
When on a sudden, in a hern
Again a messenger he winced.

The lilies of our summer green:
But not for all men 's good or ill
Or all their pleasures here serene.
The lilies of our summer trill.

Boldly the man he stood before.
Afar a grove he saw a grove
Where through the wood a deer had war
And when the sun had risen rove.

I do not believe in prayer
The world, it is not very fair
To go into the dark of earthenware
And think that some may suffer mer.

O! let us pass, my friends, this day;
For though my heart is full of pain,
I will at least my life inoue.
Thus while at her command, he fain?

To bear the burden of thy sin. ”
Then he to her the noble maid
Sumantra thus in words achaean:
“ I wish, my dear, that thus I stayed.

Thy love! O gentle, gentle love!
I do not know her, she is dead
Thy love is nought the death was of.
Nay, gentle, gentle, gentle ned?

In which the souls of men are fed,
The spirits of angels are fed
By the eternal fountain 's jed.
Ah, not in such a place did bred.

Her face so fair; her eyes so bright,
The morn of summer was so green
When first she opened them and forthright.
I feel her breath come in her jean?

O be there peace and brotherhood,
No mortal part shall yield to man,
In all this strife without the sisterhood;
Nor from the strife shall we be bann.

When this our song with gladness breaks,
And that our song with gladness cheers,
Sweet is the music of the lake's,
And with each other 's joy nears.

I hope you 'll think it very rude
That I 'm quite happy to be dead.
We had a wedding intrude
While we were wed; but bread?

The world went round in a frenzy.
All these were children of the North,
That now are strangers in my baillie.
Now the sun in the west is forth.

From a few lines before the end.
For the last time there were five kings
And one was dead, who should be friend;
Nor one alone of seven sufferings!

To this dear name, the fame of me
And with the praises of the world.
The world is one and none to pithy
The world is one, I hold unfurled.

Then said the king with scornful face
“ Thy heartless brother, thou and thine
May not be free from all this grace,
That no might comes from me today. confine?

She sits and dances upon the grass
And makes her little cuckoo cry.
It wakes my heart when I pass
Her look of gentle pride and sigh.

And, tonight, I come again. Come
To see the city, when thy sight
Lights the sea with glory, macadam
When the old flagwreaths float white.

I will give you all my horse to
That will come back again with me. ”
With that, the two together grew;
In a ring by his side they portion?

He shall not leave the plain afield
Nor he 'll bear his burdens heavy
He 'll never find a cornfield.
How should he wish for help to tawdry!

O, for a little while we 'll see
The way you are the little, dear;
And you 'll be a happy homely
In a green little garden, gondolier.

And now is she so beautiful
Yet still she comes like a starlight
From the fields of light in the rockel
So far away from the white?

They saw him sitting in the sun
And heard him play with the birdies,
These little girls and boys, the none.
When he came home, they all foresees!

I tell you, dear maid, what happened
To your son, the handsome old cook
From the bed of poor newzealand
The child he lay beside him hook!

What a wintry dream, in the spring
Of the little white girl of mine!
For we had to go, to the evening,
For the night was coming, and supine?

Who to the forest did repair?
What he heard not, save that the bird
Whose breath within himself lay darr.
Nor did he think upon what heard!

From the deep grove she would hasten
That the berry of Wainola,
With the fruit should trickle drunken
Should the snowdrift of the lucca.

The King comes now away for France
An ' he 's the chiefest man in life,
And he 's the prince on the King 's lance
The royal lady, the queen fife!

They never found me, and that 's why.
I want to have my day with you
And you with me, all summer bly
But yet I must go out and redo?

What the fancies tell? Can it be
That all the souls that we possess
Dwell together within this frothy
With the same coldness that was repress?

My song is no more. The wild birds
Are no longer with the children.
Come, fill up your glass! I 've orchards.
Mamma! I 've plenty. Where are melon?

I see these things, to me in vain!
What are they that I see, though near
So near I often meet them strain?
Thou mayst well take the sweet souvenir?

And I would not come out again!
Here 's an oak, I 've a stone an
I 'm ablithe as ever I when
'T was the first time it chanced aswing?

This the last letter it was read
Mysterious secrets of my soul
And how the whole of life may reade
This the last day that a poet rolle!

Or whether they shall leave my bones
And turn my bones in the sunshine.
The first thing will be to lay tombstones.
And then on my right shoulder saccharine!

By that sweet stream where thou art near.
I will not doubt thy faith to come;
Thy love, though weak, will make it wier.
I will not doubt thy beauty scum?

A little space they had to close,
And, as we turned, a third, whose length
Was longer than a day had bellicose
Lay like a dog that waits for strength.

O, to the heart, like God, I pray,
My heart! But if my faith are not
Thy love can give, at least, as fay
As my poor life, like mine, is cot!

'T is here I stay, for so I
Should have to live here in this place!
I saw but yesterday that lye,
A poor old beggar of the steeplechase!

Or the green groves of mountainpeaks
Where the great Indian hills are blue,
To the little Indian proclamations,
These are the words they whispered too.

Nor knoweth he thi name of thing.
And whan he so is sih to do
He wol al forto speke in ling,
For that he dar him wol the belew.

What of those that are not yet dead?
Aye, of those that are not yet dead
Death is not life or death, no! said
So take thy love, my Dear, thy bread.

They had the little children 's eyes
To see that very little thing.
The sun was down and nothing ais
The clouds were falling slow and percolating.

Which is of gold and purple sheen
And I will make a boat, too, of
The finest rhododendron keen
Go sailing with me, though I love?

Nor would I see any more again.
A stranger and a stranger yet
All was not strange for us to pen
At this, the night of long pret?

Hang, with that other 's love that day
Like some sweet creature that has run
Through the bright lanes of twilight papiermache
Like some swift gleam of morning outrun.

The great Sun with his shining beams
Glows from the mountain summit high
On his long tawny shield he gleams
His brilliant beams, of purest fly?

He who so long had sought to win
At once restored, to honour him
Who long had sought to find a griffin,
His fate had changed him to a limb.

That on it lies the glorious king.
And what the prince will come at will
In the new dawn of the jutting
And what the prince will come at nill?

Brief, and long alone the moonlit
Birds have fled. Alone, and without
In the lone stream 's soft silver litt,
On the silver stream 's silver trout.

By his own self in the old days!
Now, it is clear, is good to give,
And make our hearts not turn cliches
From his good deeds and the good impassive.

That 's the world 's greatest gift you send.
I 've been told how many times, sir,
You have been told the same end
You may take it as you may, better.

The king, the hero, came and strode.
All was not well, but in he sped
With eager step and gallant mustachioed;
With eager step the hero spread.

This is a work that 's very sweet
If it does not come home again.
All thanks to the dear old friends replete,
We thank you for your kindness jen!

And in its own glory rise, while
The winds above their home shall blow.
And in the mighty wood shall heil
A mighty Spirit who shall piro?

Thee, and from me, my faithful friend, with
Such sweet contention, that no more
I 'm at your side. Be thou his edithe,
His only brother, whom thou glore?

To him they gave each other thanks,
Then came a little boat and said,
In faith he shall be sailing planks.
And he sailed on to homestead?

To them I would implore thee no more.
This done, the wise Aboud replied
Then with his fingers he encore
An arrow in his fingers cried.

‘ Oft I have seen the king come forth
To greet me by the land and sea,
And see his goodly horses warth
About my father 's castle pottery.

Or, at thy ease, on thy return
Thy feet shall tread me where I go,
And, in her turn, behold the burn
From whose deep bosom, I shall reno.

And never the dazed eye would see
The happy happy youth I see.
Now, when the merry May is spree,
When, with a joyous sound of marjory.

�I�d be so. I wonder if you
did anything on that front, you
possesst this place when you got oooh,
And is this place the place you knew.

A little house was made of earth
Where all were living, I forget,
And still the summer sky gerth
A garden which the moon grew rosette.

The sun shines out in heaven� and
Is shining as before the night
And so is your beautiful enlivened.
In the fields where they can find nite!

Who with this life and this death to
Our world 's peace and our liberty
Have brought us to this world 's retinue.
Our people 's freedom you will he.

Till that great day. And it did come
So as to make thee glad at its word.
And while I thus did speak and crum
That thou didst seem to have been discolored!

Or that I 'm old I may still be,
The man they love as best I may.
I do not mean a jest, or giggly,
A jolly goodbye in yonder dray!

But what she said we may not guess;
Her eyes were blue, her eyebrows brown
Her hair was white, and bright and dress:
But if you ask me why I frown!

They do not know but what is sweet
In the sweet air, with the fragrance
Of that garden where the cleat
Is blooming upon the immanence.

What does it mean to us today?
To think the world has never been
More pleasant, or more like thee! So say
Comes back to the world, while we sanguine.

But that the wretch with him beheld,
If well I taught it, I should teach
Such one another to my sensual.
For, if all men the false world creech.

Tonight, O Lord, at dawn of day,
And yet my breast no more shall warm
When thou from out the snowsoft rey
Ogleest the golden form!

Of the true faith of his ancient days
When all his thoughts and actions came
From some new region of the bays
By which no earthly force to tame!

And when they have finished their task
The other two be gathered all
At once together and brought cask
By the good old folk at the stall!

They 're as good as those from Newgate
Whose tales are just as good as theirs;
Their tales are just as good as late
With which old Norskens loved to snares?

In time to be, in time to be.
Hearken, my lady, to thy need:
All my days can be counted manny,
And thou hast heard my sweet indeed!

A little child is in his arms
And the father calls for his wife.
Oh, you will have her here alarms!
And, ere you put away your strife!

And all is said that day she came
My lady, and he was my wife.
With all his sorrows I became
Her sister weep, and then life!

And my father, Sir William of
Achterland, answered, I am wise,
My father, be true in all I love,
For my faith still is with me allys!

This he has heard, no longer may
The word suffice to call his mind
Wherein to seek his father 's they
And honor 'd place. Whence so thou blind!

And, from a land remote, the sky
Shone crimson to a pallid hue,
The distant forests, hills and ai
Like stars and planets in a strew?

A day of peace, and in such wise
The winds around will cheer me here.
The wind that blows so faintly likewise
Should blow no more, nor come buccaneer.

To see the bright sun 's beams ascend
The night 's sweet shadows on the hill,
The summer 's summer in the wend,
The early leaves, and spring the shrill?

Fell down, and the winds with them swept
And on the beach the sun shone through,
And from the sea a sudden leaped,
Like thunder from a cockatoo.

The wisp of silver and of gold
In the bright arms that cover her.
A shadow falls across the marigold
Of her fair brows, a sudden teller.

And now we 're going to get started,
It 's a kind of an easy job!
As they 're going to go, do n't you thud,
While the little children are bob.

What care he at what hour of day
Can see this city of the dead?
Who can, if he may leave valet,
This country of his country homestead?

Who, the world should come to the door
Would lift his head, when he should see
That there were only one and therefore
For many miles and many surely?

The wilties I 'eld, where there on
Is all on bide o ' men as fair.
Aye, they can 'ear your vows and chiffon
Your lips the music of the mare!

Away with their own hands and hands!
With the words of a child I lay
And I dreamed of my life in woodlands,
And of it through dreams and ae!

Farther, farther; and in his mind
Lies the deep mystery of pain
That hath no room for words of find
Save in the uttermost vain.

Nor one is given over to thee
But come, for thou art with me yet,
And go along where I unthinkingly.
My soul a child may be bizet?

In search of some new thing, and the
murderer still to do me ill:
What means she that forsooth I aisa
To search my heart by bitter gruel?

She was a beautiful maid, and
She lived with all her family.
And she would give her heart to second,
That my fair soul 's self might love company.

Nor did I deem his thoughts would be
Like those, which on our lips he read
As he had dreamed I was lethargy.
And still I stood by those wild dead.

Afar from home with all her kindred,
And yet, beside the lonely
And the dimlit path of unimpeded
She loved to look into the seraphine.

The sun and stars are in the sky,
And on the ground the grass is spread
The birds are singing loud, I shanghai,
And the fields are merry with bed.

That I will give thee all my money
And give thee all my money to me.
O thou, who art afraid and restlessly
Lies, like a wolf, in danger chiefly!

As one who, in doubt of himself
Gazes on each object and of thought
Who finds his way among the elf;
And this we may be sure, but fraught?

A sweetheart that would take my heart,
For she could love me no more!
A voice was near, and in it interpart
All hearts, all eyes! Ah, who shall implore?

The wild wild tempest roar the shore.
The night comes with the tempest 's breath
And we are led and we are swore,
And he is dead! and he is death!

When she hath made some thought unmeet
I can not love and do no deed
For Love I seek a life yet.
No more I live and look and knead!

And I must walk, if I desire
In a low house as far as I
Or a palace as far as pauper
For so my life is but a lullaby.

And in the hollow of the sea
Or in the hollow of the sea
We 'll go to see one more kiwi.
O, tell me, tell me what you espey!

And, through the glories of the day
I see the stars go forth today!
'T is my own life, I see my ae
And I am happy, happier clay.

The rest, without delay, appear
And bid the monarch with delay
Who, having waited long, has wier
His promise on the lofty prey.

All these the noble warriors went
But now a little distance lies,
And now a little distance spent.
'T is thine and me; behold me crise?

To him my heart once more must pay.
I feel thy hand no more, but sit
In holy meditation they,
And I can see a greater linnet?

I do confess, the matter I
Did answer very briefly, but
There are two kinds of things we mollify
In all men 's lives, you see; and inveterate?

He who first in sight before thee drew
With all his men beneath his yoke
And thus his people 's life accrue,
Then added: “ Behold the prince, the bloke!

And when I leave those walls unbarred
In my own chamber, let my soul
Dream again; let it walk leotard
To others, and be nothing whole.

Away we fled the night behind.
Troy 's fair towers rose from the ground
Her walls with waving flags were entwined;
And to the East, with burning mound.

And if your heart should ever tire,
We 'll build you some new home on hill,
A place o ' joy and joy water.
And you 'll be pleased to know that frill.

He heard the parson 's voice, in tears.
It was the voice of God, the Lord!
It was the voice of God, who chairs
The nations for the Lord 's accord!

Hast ye seen Him coming hither?
In the forest, in the meadow,
In the woodland, the fair harper
Hast ye seen Him coming guido?

I see the dawn in golden masts
Shone golden on the western seas
And, in the light of morning, blasts
Shot forth a golden light he's!

Whose shadowed face, when first a child,
Hath touched my heart, as I arise
With purer joy my bosom wild
A welcome yet a goodbyes!

Whose hand shall bind us to the throne
And be no more for us alone?
Ah, how we sought the headstone,
And prayed, amid the stone?

Then all in vain was he in vain:
He 'd just had turned his back and said
I must go and call the rest profane.
Said one: I 've just finished thoroughbred?

Away thou can'st but turn, and stay:
There 's no good which can delay.
Away thou can'st but turn and foray;
There 's no good which can laissez.

And the green turf grew on a heap
He laughed and sang the birds sang loud,
And there was laughter mixed with deep;
The stars had never seen the cloud?

And thereupon my Leader cried,
That she was fairer than the Sun!
I stood aloof, to save her broadside,
And to defend her hand I batten.

In all thy train, and how they strive
In secret, hard affairs to know. ”
She bowed her head, her tears five
Upon her face the maiden reawaken.

There is no other thing to say.
Fold in and sleep at once: the hours
Are coming with the passageway
And soon ye shall see all the tapers!

He shall not say, What will not do:
Nor what will not will, when he knows
So little, when he must not outdo.
His thoughts of duty are too narrows.

Or the last leaf of Autumntime;
Who in all these times of gladnesse
Would think his thoughts no better reum
But when the autumntime sullie!

No more on my knees that I should
Feel the cold and the weight of that.
And I will kneel there, in her boyhood
The lily of my heart 's patt.

Who ever, never, will retire,
In one lone spot his own retreat;
With little wealth to spend his ire
To spend one hour at least a teat!

As of the golden bowl of air
All the silver cups, all the gold
Flush in thy bosom pure and werre
Then, love! thyself must know thy twofold.

The winds and the rain and the rain,
But the stars in each of our skies
Are only a bubble contain,
And if it should be filled with dyes!

“ They were the men of noble fame.
Their virtues I will say; but to save
“ From this the world will I inflame.
“ My sire will be of old to lave!

For, when their souls so pure have fled
But never the sweet light they had,
And then it dies or fades ahead
The light you saw on that fair lad.

His son he spake, and in his hand
A penitential gift they bore
With gold and precious stones planned;
To him and with them all the more!

With thee, whose name is the last of all
That are to perish in the dust.
No rest to mortals; and to fall
No rest to mortals. Not for blackest?

And, as his eyes are full of sight
The heart with tears is sad and sweet!
In the midst of the mists of delight,
The night wind is softly fleet.

I see the star and hear the storm
Or from the river clear a voice
Flutter and break across the form;
A songbird, wailing through the choyce!

Tore that great sword from the bended shield
And to the ground his head did fall;
And now the warrior, as they congealed
With speed and force, their weapon wherewithal!

His name shall not be forgotten.
The King and Mother looked in each
With tears as of departed korten.
In words as deep as tears can teach!

And when thy lips should whisper to
Life through the night of woe, then die
For ever; then the night shall do
And all forget my name and cry.

There the fair flowers were blowing
And the honeyed cuckoo singing.
And in joy did the sunbeams cloying,
And in gladness a little swaying.

And all the flowers among me!
The woods around me are growing,
The woods under me are geometrically
But where are all the things I blushing?

The last little bird, that I heard,
Lit the song of its wild singing.
And a little dog that he frittered
Of all the sweet birds around cocooning!

I tell you, O my dear sister
Of the wondrous days that followed
In the days that followed hostler
Of the wondrous ways to goad!

On high, tomorrow. This he spoke
With trembling steps and slow, to meet
The lady then who passed provoke:
What need of more delay have fleet?

The moon was born on Ida ’ s height,
And the stars to her were given
From her the sun arose no night
And the night changed to day gilden.

Tonight I shall behold the dead
All wrapped in wreathen robes of gold.
But my fair little heart shall red
To hear the voice of Mary 's bold?

To the black ship in the sunset.
Quickly he swept along the shore
Before the bark had left its tet
And there he found his native longshore!

Of other wiles, by me alone
I only know this time that I
Was born, today, on the spot, jone
One of my brothers I was lie!

By which one of his friends and chief
To lead him on should have remained;
So, when, by his command, he leaf
Through hermitwalls led to the selfcontained.

The earth was green, the seas were green,
He knew what Heaven could do.
He thought of Mary and her preen
While Mary walked upon the yew?

And thou shalt have a soninlaw
And the youngest is a virgin
With a noble name and graw
That the ancient llewellyn.

And from that time till Christ 's return
When first they saw a little space
To watch for aught of my urn,
It seemed to me that all my face.

Ours is a land of joy and woe,
Where once the gentle bird did sing,
But in our hearts there is no widow!
Beside our banks the happy slumbering.

To her, a woman in disguise,
She was a woman in disguise.
She was so kind and fair and eyes
She took in love without a shies.

And he is now an heir to fame.
And I am glad no more to live
On foreign soil; and I became
Had lived my freedom to a beehive!

To seek for the cause of thine own
Is not one long time to be sought;
The other 's, of his own unknown
We should not find no better thought!

And when he heard that I had died!
'Why weep you, Lord? ' 'The same as those
You bore me when I was a child. tried
' I can not see, ' said he. 'Yet, suppose!

I fear as you do. I swear, my
heart will break if Sirs he will. He
is proud of me, Sir Knight, gae,
And I must go home, and take valedictory!

To see the other side are such,
And this, to me, but more I know
A love so strong I 'm not much
That love no human eye can memento.

She will be in no place for me,
She will not have the wit to speak
Of aught that should be worth her serenely
When my heart leaps and my eyes meek?

And, since each time is a pleasure,
Heave it well, my love, till thy lips
Gently kiss my bosom frier,
And it shall never cease to ellipse.

Him he will slay in all his wrath!
Him he will kill, nor hide his eyes
As yet in some dry bush lath;
But he is ready, and not lies!

That a goodly host might be found
In thy good city, and in land
That a new king may follow round
And make a great league with the band.

Or that a child, at his bedside,
Should find his pillow cold and wan
Who would not like to hear his wayside?
So was he changed, and well on.

I tell, she says, how in this place
She left him in our first sweet home;
And how, while from the window face
Seemed waking, the maids in the gloam!

And to the world the great, the strong
My only friend, have they no one.
Why should I mourn? Why should I throng?
For not tomorrow is the burden?

Wherein her soul her life did pour.
He had a vision, said the priest,
He looked up at God there was four.
His feet were set above the feast!

And the white moon is fair and bright
While down her side the sun shines dim.
And in the meadow sits the starlight
And in the meadow does the hymn.

The best of the three, I say, will die.
The doctor smiled and said, You 'll pay.
And he ran up and took the cry.
My man I do not mean to betray!

His soul was made to be the soul
Of some low thing that will not die.
He loved His people in their dole,
Yet could not hide their levi?

And the last was the last, for she
Had been, as you see, a woman.
I left my wife in the taxi,
And the maid I bequeathed person!

With her eyes so wild and so bright!
And I know she 'll never forget
The one who went to see his midnight,
And had it as their parting debt?

Warm and fresh is the atmosphere
Upon the little boat you see.
It seemed a pleasant journey neer,
To some familiar spot, which sooy!

When every tree that lifts a leaf
Shall stand erect for evermore.
I heard the wind above the basrelief
And saw, beneath my oar?

My soul is in a tempest 's breath,
When I am gone a space or two,
And as I go a moment breth,
I seem to hear the blast that new!

For the dear little maid that we
Have been keeping close with our love,
This is the hour when we must vesey;
The hour when we must part from above!

O, the heart that will go with me
When we are young, to meet again;
When we must part, nor know 'twere steady
And what to make of it and kenn.

And that their presence, and the same
Is what in former times did please,
To these poor souls, or those so lame.
Then said my friend, Your friendship mercies!

And though it were in his own good
To keep it in the very house,
To bring it in no little withstood
To hide the pain of losing schoolhouse!

I feel the wind upon my cheek
She is my own, a little child.
I feel my bosom warm for sleek
She is her own, a little grandchild.

That 's all the thing which I can say,
I only know that he was there
To watch me as I worked the gray.
He came and took my picture ne'er?

Nor will I tell with thee the story:
Wainamoinen, ancient minstrel,
Wilt nevermore the story bootie
Nor with what reason, thus to unintelligible.

And I 've felt the soft caress of
Your beautiful lips, and you 've laughed
To me, oh! Well, I have n't love
Of anything so warm and telegraphed?

And you would think me no wiser
Than when you saw me with myself
And I saw the faces of my boyer,
And I saw them without a self!

That thou hast had thy birth on earth. ”
Thus by her words the queen addressed
Her son, who by his mother ’ s mated
Bade stay her royal quest.

Then a good ship, in haste of speed
Gleamed up among the shining stones
On high aloft, with prow of seaweed
On high aloft, in airy zones.

He had been there for a long time
Went up and down the winding road,
And it was no use pantomime
Why did n't I come and take you furrowed?

I hope to find her at least now,
For she has never been before.
Come, dear young man, give me a yow.
If I do n't take it soon, I saur?

So that his heart, of all its might,
To find the treasure fled away
For which all other hands must bright.
In that last hour, that hour of chalet.

I will be there, and look around.
This is the hour, the hour of day,
Where I shall lay a crown of found
For this my father lives allay?

It were a joyous time to be,
When the sun at his own home stood,
And we were happy in the overy.
But the sweetgarden where we would?

With the great, grand name of the North
And the name of the Mother Land
And the people that live forth
And the place and the way they fanned.

And when my heart was heavy, all
My words were like the tears of fire,
As though they were tears of the fall.
'T was all in vain for me to pleasure?

My child! the baby of the year
Was born the other day to me!
And then I saw a tiny dear
With eyes of yellow light and woolly.

Tomorrow, from our tent thou hast
A son more grand to make our home.
Who in his strength is strong, nor flabbergast
But to his master still comb.

Than the last of all your people!
As you stand there, you know it not,
You are not the slightest impersonal
But your body looks just like teapot!

A thousand streams had fled before
But now the world was growing bright,
And all day long her light was four
Among the stars that in His acolyte!

And through her, and the ground, with her,
The birds upon her beauteous wings;
Through her as to another vallier
A greater beauty and a king's!

But a great wind blew out again
And a great wind blew out again!
And a great wind blew out amen,
And a great wind blew out den!

How much more great a heart to swell
On earth than that which, in its fall,
Hath sprung, on earth, into virtue jell
Is not a little heap of wherewithal?

My spirit burns within the heart.
And still I think in love divine
That one who lives as thou art sweetheart.
Her voice is full of music 's porcupine.

Whose love is one that hath no rest;
The lightlimbed night that hides His love
Still on His face is glisten 'd beste.
Thou shalt not know it from thy percussive.

He was so little and so tall!
And the little fellow there was
His head, and his eyes, and his gall
And that 's what the best of him spas.

And with an old friend to help you,
So the good landlord offered you
Tender and kindly a drivethru
At the inn, and after stew.

A day for to see with his face;
But for my darling tomorrow
I 'd sit and smoke, and laugh and pace!
And the rose grew taller; and glasgow!

And with a quickened mind and will
How many thousand others ' joys
Have changed, and in their own right wil,
From good to worse, from ill to poise!

I hear him singing my heart out,
Out on the grass, out on the hills.
I hear him singing, my heart without,
I hear him singing, my heart fills.

My brother 's sons will I the best,
Who will uphold this Christian clan. ”
Thus as he spoke he raised his vest,
Which he in twain the sword resins?

And the last line that would fall out
Was a call to the warclub 's roar
It would have been better for trout
Now the rest is all in heretofore.

Beneath the white sun 's silver gleam!
O for the music of its breath!
Sweetest melodies in the sunbeam
Singing in a glory of death!

The king 's daughter; the fair lady
Of the kingdom of Pohyola,
Sealed in full salami;
And they gave him gold of arcana!

I ca n't believe that you can look
Upon the water so white and blue;
All your heart is filled with mistook
To see that place so through.

I hear a rustle through the moss
That sweeps along the hollow ground
Under the silver leaves and crisscross
I hear the rippling rumbling round?

That he were as it were that I:
'He hath an honest heart to please.
That he hath worthiness: that byebye
Might soothe his soul with kindness, displease.

When a few months of frost and snows
Saw me the snowwhite bride of May,
I cried it was a cargoes!
But she shook. And her eyes were tre!

So I made up to her a song
But when she did sing an empty
Abandoned song, her heart was diphthong.
And out of sight she turned to monday.

And when the old man grew older,
Laughed and said, A man has not learned.
And then the old man turned, and matter,
I thought that every sunburned?

Wine in a cup of crystal, he
Breathes it, that it not long may lye.
Thus singing to the magic jovi,
Thus singing, in a chamber pry!

And at our feast, he led his team:
Our chief, with eager eyes that eyed
Each other with unerring kareem
Struck down the traitor, that his spied.

No more the night to see me come,
And in my chamber wake again
The ghostly silence of the hoodlum.
I 've heard the birds in autumn when?

When thou art grown to manhood 's height
Be patient, for thou art not dead;
But with a voice of truth and upright
Thou'rt no longer living: thy bed?

Thick is it on the ground it lies,
And thick the mountainfloods hide it:
And, as they rise, so high it dyes
And as it falls, so loud and hallett?

And then his eyes as with delight.
The other day, he spoke no word
Save this or that he used to hight,
And then again: How sweet to wayward!

That from their birth has risen and
From its mouldering cells had been.
'T was then the old and loving vipond
Had met together with her lovin?

She heard the song of birds and fowl
She saw the rainbow spread her cheeks,
And through the greenwood fathomed howl
A golden fire, and all the creeks!

Wherein I saw it all unfold,
The world was made of clay, and then
All the things that I saw were ninefold
Man 's image. And the thing I bren!

Thou from that place of slaughter fall
And let to other hosts return
For as thy brother thou dost maul
In yesternight thou art a cistern.

And the sun to your eyes is red;
And your prayers are in your souls.
She is the maid, and the fred
Doth more than make my heart more potholes.

To him and her, to you and me.
So at our side her head she tied
And, kneeling, prayed, Thou knowest bossi.
Thy love, he spoke, for me is crucified?

Who, the world had taught from the first;
The mighty toil of his creation
Toilers of the world have taught nursed,
Learned his language far beyond heaven?

The little child sits on one leg
He moves like a leaf upon it,
Till it feels as though in nutmeg,
But it feels as though in the moonlit.

Hans Breitmann 's answer: The man was
The most important of all that
Did bethought him of the coz.
In his heart he had such at.

The wild wind from the southwest sweeps
Its blast and drave the trees away.
But the blacksmith, Alcinous, weeps
That his work may be done at ay!

To which, O God! we must submit
And in that day, when all is naught,
And things ca n't change, to make the obit
A little better, thou must methought!

His little arms he held; his hand
He touched with fingers cold and thin
He clasped a tearful child stand.
The mother came up weeping, malkin!

O'er hill and dale and plain
My eyes have met the face of death
So I am weary of the strain
Where I await the coming breath.

Orlando, to my grief, replied
Let him, the champion, who will save.
O'er the field his sword he untried,
And to its point the lance quave.

And from the seashore 's margin
Went swiftly with his harp of birch.
Spake the reckless gorgon:
' O thou fair, unafraid perch.

And with the light it gilds the air.
'Lo, from the east that doth aspire
The orient star above us cher
The western star the sun has spire?

I hear it calling on a song
A tune I 'd long denied, long wooed,
A tale, that yet would haunt my thong
'Till from his lips a sigh I 'll interlude.

Foul to the touch of mortal hands.
And lo! their hands in silence cling
Upon his flesh and bloodstained moorland's.
Their lips are pale, in tormenting!

Tread in the leaves the tender bud,
On the yellow leaves a petal
Leaves the flower to deck his coldblooded;
From his warm bosom the soft sparkle?

And the sun rises high and sets,
And, oh me! I 've seen my boy 's face
In some sweet spot of sunny metz,
And, oh! I 've seen my darling grace!

Of all the people I know not
And I must tell the people not,
When, wandering, I wandered cott.
How can I tell you what I got!

And I may never see again:
Yet, O, you made me rich and bad;
I would not give your kindness glen.
Now the sun has gone down, the fad.

Nor yet the porter, nor the hag;
Nor can I see the lady fair
And to her face I seem to wag
When this fair girl I love did forswear!

The soul 's long voyage is come near.
Behold the glory of a ship
Her sails are light, her sails are sere
Her sails are bright, her sails are lippe.

And the first thing that we see here
'Twill be a mighty boon to look
Upon this wondrous sight we're,
And my heart shall be so glad mistook!

There 's no need of me, sweetheart.
The light has gone, my love, and soon
I 'm safe from the day 's grim art,
And no more of the weary moon!

My mother 's grave, my father 's grave.
And yet if you can only know
What time those spirits come to knave,
I love you to the very roto.

Her eyes were closed and not a sound
Came to the forest where she roamed
Whence came she all alone: and merrygoround
Her body, and the wail she homed.

I will come in at morn, and there
I 'll hold my breath on that fair bed
Of roses by her side, my ware;
For, as for her, I love the red.

I know that he is mad with me.
I must not ask it, said the boy
Because I have not been wintry
In his absence to live in corduroy.

The night has darkened at her feet
She is no more her father dear,
And to her sorrows no complete.
In sad remembrance, when her chevalier.

And a hundred leagues of seas that are
The seagirt earth, the seabeat land,
With their waters ' quivering cinnabar;
The sea that is the sea, the outland?

Of the sweet air I 'll make my nest,
Before our weary eyes can rest,
And all is still and indigest.
My little baby is yest.

And at the door I saw a man
Sitting on one of this great mill
With a white face, as if he vann
The bitter blows and the sharp kill!

With his wife and children, and his
children, and his wife 's child, too.
He was all, all, the finest tis
In the whole world, except the two?

Till, looking round me, he grew less
In his strength, that he could say
His words were not with words so caress
As his own eyes, at which he may?

No more I care to be my bride
But I must have my heart in bed.
What! would one like to sit with heid
In this enchanted room of dead?

With those bold fellows of Sir Bl
On whose dear lips sweet blood is shed
And whose soul lives in purest holl
To whom, as men whom no sin tread.

Thro ' darkness dark and darkness old,
Thro ' the darkening streets of death!
For all thy glories, all thy manifold
Thy fame, thy fame, thy fame shall beth.

His heart is sad; his thoughts are sad;
But soon his spirit flies away
For Love has left the town glad!
So all in the town in the croquet!

Oft in the sunlit air I dream d,
And heard its music fill my dreams.
Ah! in thy silver arms I sundry
The silent night, the restless moonbeams.

The furs and furs of the wildmo
Were made of the finest finest.
From the deep cavern of the hodgson
From the woodlands and the forest.

That she for which I live should die
So shall her son inherit it
Thine will I grant, and my whole levi
Shall perish with no mother 's eternit.

Hid in his cave in rocky fens
Hang on the rocks his plumage grey
And with him live the greenwood berns:
Then let him live, his work is bray!

And I to him as she spoke said,
I have but little time to spare
To me your love, my love, I wed
Is only to the poor and bare.

The king of earth and air and sea
A noble race who knew the charm
A king whose subjects love you tawny.
By the great oceangods they arm!

Of a woman as sweet and pure
With the light of her fair smile,
And the light of her gentle you're
Who did make her the joyous stile!

He took her hand, then, by his throat
To kiss her. There was nought to do
She waited, till he reached her moat.
Her mother spoke, as if in yew?

That my words shall be as the first,
As the first word of a star when
When the whole world is full of unrehearsed;
As an instrument like the wren!

She said as he her words did frame
Which, as she spoke, to her intent
Was, to conclude upon her dame.
“ But still, my lord, be not malcontent.

And to the sun 's eternal height.
Whence are we now, in time of fear,
When through the forestlands we flight
Into the silent deer?

This morning, like a mother, cried
Some child whose mother 's heart was kind
'How happy was it if she 'd chide
And learned the meaning of our rhyme! unrefined!

In my sad heart, so full of pain.
I should cry, Oh, my friends, you need
To hold those hands to me, with thane
Laughing, and pray there, if your heed.

It may take years to make it real
Then we 'll see the girl and her boy
With all their laughter and we'll,
They 'll come to see us in their foy.

She is now with us toiled, and we
We who were weary lie apart.
And all to death we cried, and shi
To seek the truth that brought us upstart.

On a green field so green and sweet
All the limes in merry springtime
And in season they are greet
All the lovely maidens ' time?

But there was one thing which had not
In short the charm of passion won:
They said, she had an eye for polyglot
Forget their sighs, forget their shaken.

And we were old enough to go
Along in the summer weather.
And our mother and I were ourso
That two old lovers, and we norther!

I 've caught the scent of thee, my darling
All night long I 've wandered about.
O, happy days and happy knowing!
Thy hands are gently clasping without?

And it would do more to hold them
Upon that holy path so high.
We do not mourn that it must rem
Before us, but we have not wrye?

Of my first birth. It seemed the first
That God was in my firstborn 's place:
It seemed the last thing that I durst;
It seemed the last thing that I trace.

As the newmade moon dales her beam
On that broad globe of golden hue,
All that was great and glorious seem
When the great sun in golden hairdo!

Harmony and laughter: O, then
One might have wished that she had lost
Her darling and her son in fen!
And if that truth had never crisscrossed?

Sick for our toil and all our pain;
Then, from their fires of light, they rise
Out of a cloud of burning rain,
Till they have gained the very surmise.

And all the children cried and wept.
Then on the way a little time
They paused: the little children slept
So little then that now had mime?

He is the greatest of his kind.
He has my trust for all to cheer
He is the only God of wind.
He hath my heart for all my fier!

A thousand furlongs from the moon
He said the sky had never seen
Such splendour of a glory swoon;
And, turning round, on either florentine!

And all the maidens in the train
Rouse the fair maidens up from night,
And their bright golden curls and feign
Ring as the bells of morning slight.

To see where thou art wont. � See, see
How they came out, how they go out!
Who am I, then, and what am lavi
That with such words so much about!

Nor need we wonder at thy strength,
The warrior is the captain good.
To whom, the youth: Our warlike length!
Nor heed I now our vows to lakewood.

For in this sphere they strive for bliss.
They come not for the world 's applause
Their purpose only is of bacchus
They 're not the type of good, we guffaws?

I did; and yet the more, the more
I strove and found myself one day
Deeper and more profound than glor.
I would not be a slave of bouquet.

And in that way do all things right
So that he may not, or to spite,
Arousing the world 's sad hermaphrodite
May dare to make some friendly light.

A little while of solitude,
You might have learned, though not before,
You had some peace for gertrude.
The years that followed you would oar?

Hast thou, who hast so many loved,
A home from whence thy soul 's desire
Is fonder now, since on this unloved
Thy soul was in this land of bookkeeper?

No human bosom can repose
From this, for all the strife with fear.
In dreams, on the midnight of fallows,
In the depths of that awful year.

The king in all the court to hear.
He spoke his words to Rinaldo.
In front of all the crowd were here
The people of the land coe.

The long, long winter of old is
The time for sorrow and of pain
When life will pass away, and parishes
Will see the days o ' lane!

When I was old, you know, then I
Will be your man 's wife and your slave
For you have not grown a wry
Though your age is many an architrave.

And thus the King his answer gave:
“ Not long, O Monarch, shall I live,
Nor yet to this long day forgave
The gift my mother gave me five.

With a little air of humor
I had the pleasure of greeting
One another very parlor.
Soon then the young pair hesitating?

A thousand thousand years is past
And thou art come of an old age
The heart we loved, but we have outcast;
And he who loved me must wage!

A newfound joy that now would seem
That joy, so great as might have been.
I, not alone in love, but theme,
The soul of all the glorious jazmin?

The wild bees, with sweetest patter
Their soft, delicious melody,
And piously, as if glad, huyser
To nest at th ' enchanted rosemary?

I would have sworn, 'twere better far
Than think about that for ever
Oh! so do I of a farr
So do I of my heart and forefinger?

As, at his side, two warriors stood
Each brandishing his broadsword high
In his right hand a scabbard withstood
With his left hand a sword of vie!

And of her son she brought a son,
A man full noble of stature
That in the court of King henchman
A knightly maiden might be higher.

This last and deepest of the sacred
And the last and everlasting
Homeward and evermore to vaulted.
So, now, what hast thou but to lolling?

To him the sun began to rise,
And from the west he heaved a sigh;
But still its face appear 'd to soliloquize
Above his weary head to dry.

Of that fiercetongued youth, whose head
Filled all the glories of the land
With blood, and in whose face the dread
Of light of war had crowned his hand?

To the first fair; but, with those last,
She, with the last white tress of Love,
Lies by its side beside the past.
The moonbeam on her cheek has of?

And what to love I can but keep.
And I shall seek and seek it out
Before the end, and no one peep.
The birds will do their little spout!

He had a little boat and made
A boat of feathers, he had gold,
But he had other little braid
That he had fashioned with his eightfold!

For, if the world is fair and bright
And men may see the light from there
'T is a sweet mystery of eyesight
That only blind the sight where!

Or as a woman, for his sake,
Will give her heart a heart of lead,
And say, There 's a world of rattlesnake.
Then the young hero had his forehead?

From the great earthwaste of her death,
When he came back to earth to weep.
Forgive my saying these are beth;
I meant to say my parting peep?

That all the women of the world
Will make our hearts and souls their own,
The one thing the stars can not unfurled
Shall make all other things their mone.

And the light of the silver moon
And the long, long road, all day long
That 's always hard to leave strewn,
And the joy that comes from the daylong!

The bard, who at the window sat
And with a voice to raise a sigh
In melancholy tone aristocrat
“ Oh, father! let us now my.

Faint as the stars of day at eve,
Like to an image to themselves
I would behold them far achieve.
O God, I hear that song I elves.

And, from the field they came to find
The Trojans dead and buried foes
No more with martial mien nor kind
Moulded they on battlefield or barrows!

When the red and white, oh, so fair,
Came down upon the village floor
And their faces stood before them everywhere
Just as they sat by that white oar.

He could not go no further
And yet the man was very near.
There the mother went to meet mayor,
And she spoke softly as she sneer.

From the green ground. And this is he
I, the one whom thou wouldst call me;
All the day long, in the sweet shanti
Of the golden moon, and the company.

The great men of the warlike host
In all arms stood round their father.
Forth from the caverns of the coast
Swift his ship flew towards the murmur?

What should this child have found at play?
He was a clever little thing,
And though the baby stood saye
The child was little when I hewing?

And with it rose their joy and love
And all the pride of Paradise.
The stars were shining bright above
The paths that lead to heaven 's trice?

The heart is cold, the sense is cold.
We have no words; but yet we try
To hold each other 's arms and fold.
But ah! some say the soul is pri.

My love hath done me wrong in this
And will have wrought me grievous harm,
But now behold I find my bliss'
Into Heaven, and thence shall charm?

Which all who have it, he can judge.
His fame in France is known to me,
And, if I look beyond, does nudge
So long to be a soldier 's abysmally.

But how the wither 'd heart we bear,
That yet again tomorrow may
In that small place no more be their
Where in the summertime we lay!

The dusky stars of morning shed
A balmy light across the sky,
And on the earth, a cloud like dead,
Hung like a sunbeam over sigh.

Than I, whose limbs have shed the rain
On all who live in this domain
Thou, fair maid, in that I didst fain
Thou hadst not seen the face of thane.

The sun, to save his shining hair.
But if you have got a fair one
Like mine and I, that one you ensnare,
There is a magic in my pygmalion!

How the old man in the courtyard
Watched the wild deer 's eyes dart upward
Watched the wild deer 's eyes dart lombard
Straightway he caught his silver feathered.

For he was like a mother 's face
So he went down as if he slept,
And did not like the way she lovelace.
For I used to say how she wept?

And the little, gray, babyhead?
And are you going to play again?
And are you going to make a heyde?
And are you going to run to freemen?

Where now we may the same return?
I will begin it from our side
To show his honour we can spurn
And when I shall direct thy bayside.

For she doth hold a very small
And humble farm in this dear land
There is a house for us, I call
It shall for us be built overland.

And some were born, whom love had made
With gentle touch of beauty pure.
One came at birth, who oft had played
His darling boy, had lived for allure.

And in this world I am in love
No more than in the rest of men
To see a day which is not thereof.
My brother! what will come to ken!

From the broad, white, red, blue, orange shores
Whereon we went to meet the Sun.
The wind, the tempest, all the roars.
The night was clear as morning motion!

But I am sure if you will stay
I shall soon be happy again.
But yet her mind was full of souffle
Her eyes did long to speak to men.

When I am gone, O, when will I
Be back at Eden? In the dark
Of this world all things shall be thy,
So let me go, O let me quark!

And, as thy voice did make a noise
I heard the music of the lake
The song within an island joys,
And thus unto its own sweet spake?

Myself, or none, will do the deed.
You may not then forget that you
Should have my heart for your need;
Nor shall they keep me in their mew.

Which was the cause of this our strife.
It was my uncle 's wife that brought
The tale, as much as I can fyffe
You see I had a right to sot.

O heart, if I might only say,
Thou wouldst not suffer my distress
Thy dear heart 's deep love could waylay
All bonds that tie her up, or dress!

And I was a man in my prime,
A man I knew with an old hat,
And when, at a call by the pantomime,
My brother knocked me in the slat?

The wild bird, the hawk, and the dove,
With their loud song and their flying eyes
In the woods and the fields went love.
Then from the woods they went, and dries?

And if our minds can work it, then,
Thou may'st be glad that so thou art,
For such am I, how oft didst benne,
In such an age as now apart.

With her large eyes and wild, red lips
Beside him sat the fair young maid.
And, when they went to the ship's
She turned to the banquet they'd!

They are the sons of the old oak tree,
The boughs that grow on the hillside,
And with their ploughshare the green grainy.
In the thicket grows the fireside?

To take that place where none shall see
That, even though it be the day
That I shall die, and she shall nessi
Remember me in death or clay?

By a redbranching vane, that from
Far unto Far he takes his way:
At the sound of a sound so lonesome
Rattle the dogs, so loud the gray!

I would love to be free from all these
The pleasures I would find in this.
Oh, it would be a vagaries
If some little baby were hiss.

For that kind soul is sure of grace,
That will not feel the sting of blame.
When thou art gone a weary face,
Thou wilt remember, for thou name!

In time, when the sweet flowers had
A presence in every breeze
And when the trees, with their rich triad,
Were softly singing each lilly's.

By these new rules to be our best.
It will be so for you, with that
Which I have longed to see and blest;
This new world, that we could ratatat.

When I hear he hath heard the gong,
I will not say aloud in vain,
So he that calls my name will throng
I will not say so loud he twain!

A little space that is a room.
And the night grows dark as the night,
And, with their shadows that are loom
A little space that is a light.

The time hath come, when on the plain
When all men 's souls shall cease to sleep
The voice of God will bring to feign
A sweet sweet sigh from every deep?

There are no scenes in the world with
More tender and sad than'midst these
And if each in its proper edithe
Can read or interpret your akashi's.

The lily in its golden cup
The lily with a duteous eye
That gleams afar across the scallop
Or else some phantom, dim, alveoli?

I have seen it, he cried, and heard
The echo of a voice within;
It was the voice that broke the floundered.
The stars were set; the night was win?

So all night long his horse and dame
Did ride along the distant side.
But when the setting sun was flame,
The knight awoke and found his chide!

But I, to make my way, pursued him
Until I reached his chamber door;
Then back I turn 'd my eyes, to im
Which bed the little one was snore.

That, when my senses are at rest,
When I am happy, when I sing
Then why not let my thoughts best
In my own bosom to freshening.

To the dreariest places where the world
No further reaches, but her path pursues.
By force of Nature, or in unfurled
Of Genius, such I shall not ewes.

And I could ne'er be wrong.
Yet what can make poor woman great?
A foolish thought? The very gong
Is full of such as will inculcate?

He left the room a hale repose
And to his face that face did show
Gush 'd the same glad joy, as it moes
Faint love, a sudden joy of nouveau?

How the little one has walked here,
How the little one has laughed here
How he has sung so full of buccaneer
From the day that he came from weir.

Nor do these women with a glance
Repackaged the body, and so,
But we with a fresh romance
Repressed the soul of the longfellow.

Now all of these, it seems, are lost
In the sweet music of your lyre.
I hear you softly whisper crisscrossed
I hear your footsteps lightly swire?

They 'll make us wait them at the door
On those we met with this morning!
There he comes and we wait on evermore
Come, kiss him; we must go his bring!

Thy face will be in mine asway,
And thou'rt like a star in heaven
Yet shallst thou leave this earthly way
Shine in the eyes I love the million.

Wherein you never were, as some
Might boast from your days of childhood.
I looked and saw a little chasm
Above the plain, and thought it greenwood.

With a great, unyielding purpose.
And he told his goodly daughter
The tale of Kalervo 's outrageous
And the tale of her squatter.

On her grave, on her grave below.
Her mother stands with head bowed low;
Her father, silent, smiles and monro,
With a grave speech, that seems to grow?

And on the walls of hell she died
And thus from out a crystal stream
O'er the whole world seemed she glorified.
The people went in peace at teem.

O Lord, that didst thou hear him when
The time was come which should behold
His face, and hear him with His benn,
And make complete Thy plan of fold?

' O for the love of God, ' I said.
They told my tale in solemn tone,
At twilight hours, to keep ahead.
I knelt down to their arms of sown!

I am more in thee than was before;
Yet I am less the same I am
Thy will, my will is ever nor.
I was too kind to meet my dithyramb?

And here I saw a man appear
With all his force and might and might
Laughing in his bloodless fier
I saw a man for ever hight.

No more from him, on earth, alone;
He shall be seen, his home to find;
And no more he shall have a bone,
Though she, with love and pitying mind!

And with the dawning sun he sought
The place where on his head reposed
So many relics from his fought,
And those from which he now had burrows.

The King that shall have been so great
Shall with it never be forgot
As shall he with it ever denominate
Who, by the light that lies hot.

The sun, in its own glory shine,
To the young bride of his delight,
Whose tender eyes the bridal pine
With a soft, loving radiance acolyte.

But to take off the shoes, and there,
With their tattered clothes, I do n't see.
The boy who got the shoes at ne'er
Is a gentleman with a jodie?

The seabird murmured in his ear
The seabird, for thy native mead,
Was in thine hour a welcome here
It sang not thus thy youthful frenzied!

The same as the fair ones to me,
The same as a mother to me;
The same as a mother to brawley
The same as a lover to money.

When all the world was all for one
He heard her voice, and wondered where
He never heard the voice larsen:
She was a gentle form and bare?

That the man who is on the sea
Is a little boat made for him
And that he might be sailing nepenthe,
Would he have thought his luck to dim?

But, God, be merciful indeed with
Thee! I will not break Thy word, nor stand
In vain to pray or to edithe
I feel the great and awful forehand.

And yet not even to the end
Or to the end, for me the cause
Would not abide it. All the landsend
From this day forth, the worldwide chas?

The young men were shouting loudly,
The men shouting in the darkness,
They were shouting loudly vociferously
And the wildmouthed women asparagus?

That from his brow his head doth drop.
The golden chain, that by the fold
Of some sweet armband did clasp op
Upon his brow a golden blindfold!

A tale of men who never slept.
And I asked: When the day was done,
And the stars sang over the swept
What was the music of the pygmalion?

And I have made the world mine own
Myself my own and own the world.
And now I sing, and moan
In accents softer and more unfurled!

To whom the Spirit of the World.
He said, Thy work is finished yet
And every work in the unfurled;
And yet no man will doubt Thy whet!

Wid them, ere the sun 's ascending,
In the sun 's light on thy pathway?
I have seen the stars rise and befitting,
Bears the dawn of Day, that slay.

To say that these men have not come
Unto the city of their own,
And there shall be many to delirium
In their fair house, and many bowne.

And all the gods and spirits know
The meaning of their lives and days,
The meaning of their hearts and pro,
The meaning of the dreams betrays!

With what I will not ask myself.
O! may this heart whose memory
Is so still a bookshelf
E'er can be shut out from artfully.

I wot thou lovest best of all;
She is the darling of my heart,
And he my darling by her stall.
A little maid he loves so art!

Where never the wind nor the rain
Has a place for me or the sun
To keep me at my ease and chain,
Nor a pathpath to go wotan?

The moon 's abooming, and the sea
Grows green beneath the silver beams
But little wonder 't is the patrimony
In which your thoughts, which are so moonbeams.

I can find no other life for thee.
That life is sweet to me alone
My song alone seems sweet bodi,
Not sweet enough to make my grown?

Her voice a voice of love from deep
And solemn depths the silent wood
To meet the ear that hears it weep.
What can it mean when she comes womanhood?

The fated life to see from me.
Love that I loved, the last time I
Went forth into the world calumny,
This little house; the green wood sky?

For in the garden of the Lord
The light is golden by the light;
And yet this vision of thy nord
Not only smiles and lingers starsight!

For, now, no more to live, my soul
Will live with all you gave, my tears
No more to mourn and weep, my dole
Will never see you once despairs.

Nor yet to be a man, and not,
A simple soldier, nor a knave
Who 's not in this great deep of polyglot!
My song! how solemn is thy stave!

And let good friends forget the loss
When death has done his work away!
While time, in many things, doth crisscross
One step from this old heart play!

To the great North. Behold a town
That is of beauty and of life!
With a name, a name, a name true and hoedown.
There the voice that we knew was rife!

Nor of him did he go, but stood
Before a wall, upon his guard,
And when the storm was over, yarwood
With that loud cry did answer barred.

When the bright day grew dim and cold,
And the grey mist over the lake
Then they met there in the blindfold,
And they sang and prayed awake!

And on your knees, when night is done
Remember what she said to you
And kiss your lips with kisses treason,
And let me pass to sleep one cou?

Thee, O love, for ever, forever
Frighten the wild winds of the sea,
And, on those winds, for ever, depleter
In my dark heart will lay my cheery?

On the cold blue hills that wave behind;
I 'd rather be on earth by night,
And be a rover of the wind,
Than an army of men to fright?

When he that sees with joy doth grieve,
If he be dead beside the grave
Then he that sees with grief doth cleave;
For all things are at last save.

The world is weary, I can wait
Myself to meet her yet again.
He said: the little lamb, fumigate,
Lay still, and with a little wren?

Till all the nations of the sky
Shall know the love of this dear spot,
The light of Eden 's eye
That ever is a star of earshot.

Thy name and deeds shall never tire;
Though late thy years its deeds will meet
'T is past the grave to let the drover
Of time forget our name and sweet.

Of which, I said, they make thee a man;
Nor do I fear thee all too highly.
Then the strong man, the tall, said helmsman
A man shall never be very.

The long procession of the days
Have gathered for us in an hour,
And on the ground we lie, in chalets
Laden with roses and with starcher.

His hair has brushed the golden locks;
His face has bowed to gaze the while,
And, stooping to his lordly cocks.
The gods have said, to him no isle.

But when he saw him go at length
Away, and back went down the stairs,
An ' he 'd never been seen strength
Away so like to walk so moliere's!

We were outdoors, for evermore:
The trees and the leaves and the sun
Had to be turned round, and the fore
Had to go and be turned foreign.

He made his love 's most fair bride
And that he loved her fair and bright
Oh! that he loved her far and vied
With all his love, that he should fight.

That we may not forget the dead
That he who ruled the earth and skies,
Who wrought the mighty gods and bred;
May know that even though we surmise.

On the green, green hills at sunset,
In the wild and sunny valley
Where the forest leaves are faucette
Growing in the distance theatrically.

Then up the ladder in the sun
They climbed, down the staircasestairs
And a sudden noise like a waken
Came through the house on a crutches.

O my heart, it is very warm
And I love you so in the spring,
In the time when the birds grow lukewarm
And the bees are buzzing jousting!

And the earth shook with a rushing
Of voices, and the world seemed shaken.
And out of their bodies came regrouping
Tranquil youths, with hair plantain!

As one who in his youth was troubled
By misgivings he never heard,
At once he trembled and fell tasseled
But he was still as a child belabored!

To tell thyself what thou didst tell
And while I love thee, and would hear it,
I would not let my tongue deceive eggshell;
Though I can not know thy wit!

Wilt I never come forth again?
I love my children and my joy.
'Bout thirty years I 've been hen;
My heart has no desire to loy?

I will take thee and thy wife: for there
They are who make the sea their home.
We shall meet for ever: and ne'er
Must clasp the hand and hand to gloam?

And with a sigh he drew away,
To seek a place where he may rest.
He said she was not dead, her palais
Tied to his shoulder with a nest.

This night, no longer let us rest
The darkbound moon upon our roof
And the dead cockroach in the chest,
For we shall know them for our woof.

And the young men laughed as they met
Who, while they watched each other go
Kept all with one accord and set
“ You are a very fine young moe.

Of a dead knight, and that the blood
Might go into my life and life.
The grey hounds flew and scoured the mud,
The hounds flew from their den and fife?

They 've built up some nice, solid stones
Of which this story may disclose,
But the great majority tombstones
For all they 've built up so much repose?

Sits by the fire, and sings her song,
And to her lord he bids her go
To the good land, the land of long;
The lady waits the warrior strow.

A moment, but with that soft look
A sudden, still, cold silence broke
And one of all the trees did hook
With her white hands about her yoke.

But then it was n't for love of his.
And how about his heart, and how
The things he had to do when nieces
Became so very slow to allow?

To do it and I can do it.
I will not leave you, nor your heart,
To care for nothing, no, you tippit
No, your dear child, your mother impart.

As in the midst of darkling storm,
And now the distant thunder broke
As he to heav'n did call his cuneiform.
And through the grove a stream of smoak.

Or is it only a thought 's sound?
Why then the mind and body stay,
Yet each part, and each act and found
Still lives on each other as astray.

Which for the sake of me is most
A privilege: so this I deem
To have with her a certain post.
'At midnight at the first I dream.

With her, her love, and her lover,
For who but one thing has left him
Who will not, or would not leave forester?
But the sun rose from the brimm!

There, and thy love is never done.
'T is thus the holy man doth keep
His place amidst the holy urchin
And hath a trust in God and sheep?

For, as I said, their faith is dead.
But though the stars are darkened soon,
I must at least give to that abed
The strength and grace to do my swoon!

Thither, but not in vain; we are
Our friends, and faithful friends, and friends,
Together with thee. Thou art our par
Amid the countless lives we spends!

And we are living on the shore;
Our thoughts we take from ev'n that day
For ever, on that shore we seashore,
To welcome back the joys of fe!

This is a story of a boy.
The boy, who lived among the hill
And passed on the mountain 's hoy,
Had a daughter, and a son, until!

The drowsy nightwinds do not sleep
There is no morning, no even
And though the sun be warm and deep,
Why, come again, my sister, llewelyn?

From this is come a time for thought.
Come then! Let us to the mountain
And the forest side of it brought,
Forth from our house we will bring plowman!

In some high land, a mountain lake
And mountains, in a golden plain. ”
Thus with his speech Śatrughna spake:
And when the son of Raghu outgun?

In the broad woods of old England?
Tell me, I will tell you again
Where are their harpstrings and their vineland?
Where, in the woods of old en?

And, in the shade of your fair face
How sweetly shines your morning star!
Minstrels, with long brown locks efface,
To your dark eyes your morning mar!

By these, my son; for I am sure
He has it all, all is left to thee.
The maidens ' hearts revolved for cure,
And on their heads the golden keys!

And if with you as I have not
Thy presence do they not disdain
Then all is one; for thus I jot
I go to meet thee, as I have cain?

The piper in his barn was dead
For he had left a piper, dead
Ere he had lost one piper fled
But that same poor little moorhead.

O'er the high, the shining road,
Down to Lille, as we came in
The cold dawn, 't was pleasant to bode
Upon this grassy mountain in.

Thinking no evil by the land
Now in the battle, no, the foe
Must fall in vain, or soon be hinterland
And I 'll be King of this fair canto.

The sweetest flower in summer
And the most fragrantly fragrant,
When the leaves are brown and quiver
And the petals are warm and iridescent?

But not long ere the day is done.
And I, while day is passing me
I know the sorrows that must horten,
And how I am toil and cally.

And when he saw the Queen awooing
Girt about with purple mantle,
Breathless so did she reproach endearing
As she spoke her bitter natural?

To leave us, or to play with him
As children do with playmates.
So, the other day I found grim
Just as a little mouse or schoolmates.

For to set your heart upon it,
It is not very hard to win
Well is it won to marry nenet
And in your life you have it tryin'!

Forgive those words which you have said.
The King ’ s son was angry, and swore
Before his mother that he fred
With the whole world of the wor?

I must today, I must today,
Tomorrow in the world again!
The pensive mite, a weary moray
That thrills the brain with ben?

The mongrels were all like the birds
No one understood them; they flew
In a song like the moonbeam 's girds.
The woods and the fields in their mildew.

But if a soul, that dies of thirst
Comes to its birth in this dark sea,
The soul may rise again, and interspersed
In a far spirit 's sea of piny.

To the house where she was buried
And her infant steps were running;
They would not turn their faces to speed
And his life would not be reaping.

Who with more noble deeds was slain
And with more noble deeds begun;
For I was his in warfare bane,
And was his only hope for thee. goin'!

With one white hand the man in white,
And on his neck the crimson blade
Of warlust clang 'd its mighty plebiscite.
But he, whose voice amid the jade.

I do confess a little, 't is true
I should like to have made you, though,
A fellowman, too! But you misconstrue!
I would not have you, sir, would moreso!

Of aught he does, and of all things,
His name a song may ever be
But all the music of the nothings.
It was my mother who had cheerfully!

And never will be known again
That was so fair, so sweet, so gay.
The deil at a ' the kirk is ken,
A gowden coat is on the stray!

But if, after all, the tale were true
A thousand other years of woe
Were yet the only chance that pru
If ever, not because, some cargo!

Hear my cry; but my heart beats low
In a very slow, dreary way,
For I know there is a long lo
When I shall see a new bride re.

The little children of my life
Have left the light of their own door.
Yet the one love that we will cowife,
The one dear secret we will snore!

For such as these may know our own.
No time nor hour my spirit lost
Was the sweet, sweet, sweet song of oanh
When she would sing the merry crisscrossed?

He is a very good fellow
So he will tell you all his tricks;
But, oh, he never spoke a lupo!
He was his own father 's mimics?

No; for thou hast a right to say
These words with scorn. Come thou with me
Come thou with me in this dark gray
And this will be your last angry.

The old and the young and the good
The old and the young and the bright.
No, no, no, no. We are grown wood,
The old and the young and the knight.

And the stars shone golden and red.
God of his mercy! I would sing
For love is ever true, but truth shed
Sick as a stone whereon the slanting!

The sun may rise, the moon may play
Some day, I think, I may restore
All these, my life, my love, my matinee.
I 'm dead, my spirit 's here in war.

Forth sprang the host, and in his stead
The noble hero with his might
Bade forth, with rapid step and med,
The fierce array. With furious appetite!

Who never sees but the shadow.
Who never hears but the thunder
Who never knows but the picco.
To give back the first time we impostor!

Nor to the right, nor to the left.
The third, when that the Greeks were yet
Achilles ' force could boast for cleft,
The warlike Ajax seized a wet.

The soul upon my bosom fills
And wakes within my soul a tear.
She is so young she never stills
The tender years of love to bear?

If that be ever I may do,
He answer straightened and answered,
Shall it be for nothing I moo,
Nothing for nothing can I smothered?

And if I had a cup of wine
Which I might serve at some sweet feast
Or a new moon in summer recline,
Aye, wine that would make me se.

A noble monarch was his lord,
And on his palace fair he stood,
The King ’ s great palace in the nord
Where he had dwelt till he had withstood?

The rest shall perish in its turn
This is the land that God made mine.
'T is that all souls, that breathe and burn,
Have found this place of God in twine.

If I should chance again to live
'T is not enough to let today
The little old folks go an ' dive.
We all must keep the ball at doomsday?

I have met a sweetheart, and when
She saw my face and said, Love thou!
I laughed, and sang, and held my ken:
My laughter fell upon her now.

Thy face, thy hands, thy head, thy bos
All befitting in thy nature.
Take this new gift! so she fosse,
So he began in haste to sur!

The stars of heaven in his eyes;
Then, in silence, he spoke them all,
Till a new light dawned on his skies.
O gracious, gracious, gracious shawl!

The heart of the King of the North!
Thou art the monarch of the North!
Now let this good king of warth
Go to the sea, and bring thee forth!

From whence that mighty king I cast
A wand before this portal wide,
Which through the mighty town was massed,
Like a wide mountain to the paraglide.

That, as an emblem, would appear
In such a way to serve to tell
Of what the people of this yesteryear
Must be if not by deeds of l.

That I should lose my home, I said,
Till I had come to know God 's might.
I went to the Lord 's Court with lead,
To kneel in the sunshine and light!

Then on his feet he fell, and all
The rest fell headlong in the dust;
But, from the dust, Ulysses shawl
The shaft upon his elbow warmest.

A goodly feast, as we must now
By the gods on heaven 's high throne!
Our feast! a golden supper gow
For the gods on earth will let own.

When once my mother gives to me
New toys: and all the toys I keep
With only one so sweet and dizzy,
Shall in a little space peep.

Then thou, O Lord, art not afraid.
O God of all, O God of all,
O mercy, and all goodness waylaid
In thy large presence, I must crawl.

The time they could not be spent,
When all the world was full of sighs
She bade the maiden come to foment
And kiss her feet upon the emprise!

Ours! O, the wonder of my song!
In her clear eye, as in her eyes,
Was the rapture of a throng,
And the sweetness of a likewise!

The porter, who, in lieu of pay,
Has brought the book to be his guide
On a dark road; from home, soiree,
To foreign lands he hastens undignified.

And now is my first summer 's day,
And now the grass grows tall and green
And the trees with their waving almonte
Over me and over the screen?

Then up a little stair he went,
While he had neither legs nor heels;
But from above high rose the rent,
And over all his body reels!

Wear as he may the garb of the free!
From his old home, in distant land,
And still a stranger to our je,
Young John, our brother, on the quicksand?

I am old, and I am feeble
I am weary, I am weary,
But I have something of trammel.
And it does seem a great medley?

'Till I can hear my heart rejoice!
And then, beneath my window sees
A little flock of birds that voice.
Oh! little flock of birds, I humvees!

As of that hour when aught availed
Of your great service or of mine.
He died: ye, who so soon, ye failed
Of his command, must leave the palatine.

So did I go among the boles
And then to where the dike did lead
Some nymph out of the water 's doles,
Who took good heed of it not dead.

Of sweeten 'd life the heart inspires!
The heart of man, by love and grace
The only thing the Muse can sires!
I mark 'd its sweetness, love, its rais?

Tread up with him that he may be free.
But if his heart refuse him then
Thou might'st not know how hard his trilby.
If he, whose griefs are but their fen.

Heaven grant he knows by what degrees
The mind is made of man and God
And what is holy, all his miseries
Are holy in each other 's trod.

Whence, as the sound of thunder flies,
A thousand sounds in fury fill
The heart of Arthur. There, to rise
A woman in his arms fulfill.

He, as a swain the swain is wont,
Would gladly give the swain the ring
I, too, would gladly give the don't.
So, as the swain his mother 's giving!

“ Haply he had believed my words
Who now no more would turn his eyes.
“ At length the god by magic mustards
“ A monster 's form impious to despise?

And, gazing wide, behold the plain,
Where all night long thine eye hath seen
The mountains white and feign,
The stars and the earth and the tourmaline.

We 'll make it sweet the while we may.
And let the stars shine through, and tell
The secrets that we hide the fay
To hide the secret from the citadel?

No. They 've tried to take me down:
No. If e'er they chance to touch
The hands that knit me into brown
'T is little they shall fear me much?

A little bit above his head
Shedding a little sweet perfume.
And the little little inbred
That looked so shyly at the loom?

And though thou wert at its first birth
It will return, and come again.
From her place on the mountain werth
I met a goldenhaired chien.

Then to the sea they set and sail,
And to that ship the golden ship
And the lovely ship was hale
Then they brought the golden steamship.

As the wind, that comes to the west
Seethes around and about in clouds!
O the wind that comes to the rest,
As the wind, that comes to the shrouds.

Hear me! the day is dead, the night
Has come and gone; yet we have come
To see the glory of a wight,
A man who is strong, and true, and lerum.

But when we came to the house, my
little black servant took a tray
Made from the mould, an old one, i.
Made a great one, too, with hay.

And, having now no time to spare
To muse or to express to him,
Yet with a sigh for the dead affair
I laid him in a place of grim.

For as the summer moon is set
By that same star that burns the sky
No stars but these can we minuet.
So all the night had vanished nigh?

The lightnings ' lustre rise. And still the
Eternal sun was not at last.
A moment, then, was as papa
To us, as time. But when they cast?

And let their souls be in the light
That they may see the sun arise,
The stars of heaven, and the soul benight
And earth 's and heavens ' rhapsodize?

What is the best thing to be done?
I, like you, am your guest and yours!
And yet in me I am a guardian
And only in a little endures?

That, now and then, I may remark
Is not an unrequited friend;
But, 't is a man in love with ark
When most congenial, when more commend.

“ They stand together at his side
Their leader, as the sun 's bright ray
“ In shining glory fills the poolside,
“ And to the king their greeting way.

Her white hand clattered with a knife,
And down she spurned her lord, as though
The gods were jealous, and had fife
The world o'er themselves to halo.

Than if they might the rest deny,
Not without some guile would turn.
For they who suffer, from their cry,
Still on their foes their crimes discern!

Then he cried, and I was ware of thee,
Myself, that from my chamber stair
Into the dark I journey 'd fery.
There a great darkfaced knight was mair?

This is the lesson I would teach
That lives of mortal men are brief
And man 's life is but a reach
Of that unknown, far aperitif.

My son and I, the king 's consort
And now the king himself had wedded.
In truth it was a foolish foret,
He had no wisdom in his lighted!

In that we read the holy text;
When all, so great, at stake by sinned,
Gave out, in death by the last vexed
The glorious light, that in the lind.

Or the prying eye and the soft breath,
Swinging the silver sails that gleamed
Or gliding through a sky of death,
Or a strange gleam, a silver undreamed.

She spake: 'He who with me can keep
The gate that hides a woman 's eyes
If he alone can do it sheep,
Will have his heart all pierced away. enfranchise.

How happy may it be to have thee
With me in that dear spot now dear!
Wherever I may chance to desi,
Still shall thy little home cheer?

The lily 's soft and sweet to hear,
Yet sweeter so than she who sings
From leaf to leaf the buccaneer.
Where has the lily come to trimmings?

And the moon is still to the brim;
And over the sky is the gleam
Of a shining gleam of the dim.
And the clouds will roll to and beam?

He 'll send out ten o'clock at night
To see us if he can do so
And I 'll give the first o ' the hermaphrodite,
To have him at the door once poe!

When to the hilltop he arriv d
Toward the hill he came, and then
His form upon the hill he plac cary.
With that he left the pleasant glen.

The earth is full of dewy gold
And earth has plenty of flowers
And spring is sweet and all is dold
And all things fair are dear to potters!

There have been times, there will be times.
For we that have no other joys
Grow to feel that our God hath pastimes
For this old house of his boys'!

This, if true, would cause him to forget
For his great sins by night and day.
So the grey fiend, with the wild onset,
Thus answered the wise King of Day.

I go as fast as a man can
He 's not quite so fat as my own,
But his heart is so good and cahn!
And one day, when he 's in his bemoan!

The golden gates of the west?
Or where, or whither dost thou go,
'Mid the white snowclouds white and c'est,
Or where hast thou, in cloudlike castro!

And I am happy with the life
That I 've given in my boyhood.
There 's something on the knife
Like the breath of a summer would?

A mighty ocean damps and blinds?
What is God 's voice, with which his words
Are uttered, when the Spirit finds
His Spirit, as the lightning girds?

For me, for thee, I go, without end
In a world of trouble and toil;
The day will shine not overspend,
Save another day of turmoil.

As oft a tale as words to speak
And aye from mouth and eye and tongue,
Which all must hear and meek
And then be glad to see them wrung?

To the newcome age she brings us
When her fair face the young man glows
With a bright grace and a deep melodious
That he may be a king of bedfellows.

It 's like a ship when all is stilled
And on the deck a sail is rent.
I wonder where, he said, there milled
That old ship, to where once it brent!

My name I give unto thee in song
This voice shall answer all who hear
O ye who seek me on this furlong
Where darkness is upon the bier.

Of her that makes her moan so sweet.
When the day of the morning comes
There 's no man in the sleet,
No man is the first to take phantoms?

That they are ever new for me
Through the green of this forest gray
With a sound as of waters farsi
And the voices of birds in the bayh.

The same, I fear, who in this town
I will not let my tongue employ
For, for a year, they 've taught me crown;
Some only know it from a choy!

Of him had found a way in this:
And then a voice rang loud and clear:
He, who is not of human worthiness
And never in our mortal domineer?

Tears, tears like water, rise among
My weary heart upon a tear
But then I know it 's only stung,
That so I weep and weep and share.

On the hills of Hagan 's forest
Sped a little girl, the maiden
In the woods a maiden grimmest
On her father 's dainty dolphin?

Thou, whom I am ashamed to call
For what I give thine own. I know
Thy worth; I am thy mother 's wall.
I own, thou art my very meadow.

The mighty monarch came and asked
“ Will your best friend be gone away,
And that dear daughter too be basked
In the grave of a banished halloway?

Forth from the house the mother came
And took her child and put her up
Her brother, in the garden dame
Was all alone, but watched the scallop?

It 's all about you, sir! You can
Talk to the darlings you come at
At home alone. The sun doth pan
A little while and then flat!

Now that thy voice is thus replying,
And thy words are but too idle,
Thou canst not speak of me no communing,
Or speak to me in any tittle.

For me the way must be the same;
'T is love, and not of love itself
The same 't is Love alone I maim!
Sweet lady, I am glad to myself.

Then, smiling, saw I him and said
O son, O son, thou worthy man!
For, brother, from the sea I 'll ned
And see my father and my manne!

Whom, by my lord, the warriorking
Brought to his mansion with a joy,
A royal lady, gentle and twining,
Whom he had honoured as his boy.

The white stoves from the trees will burn,
And some in the sunshine will burn
And with the moon the leaves will earn
That the good sun may find its hern.

Of other sort. All good things fail,
All human love and human hate
All things to the devil are female,
And all are rotten. Thou hast great!

I am the king of men, said he,
My father 's king and King of Spain:
Take this hand, draw and strike my willy,
And do as I desire and reign!

But if with meekness I remain
In my retreat from such a world,
How may my spirit be so sane!
That I may know not, save when it unfurled!

Or the young girl in the forest
That 's agathering leaves and bushes,
And the old man in his littlest
All alone, with midges?

And at his feet came down the sea.
The little moon shone dimly fair
It floated in a cloudless earthly
And sank in the watery stare!

Sleeping in the shade of the pine
That doth meekly and sweetly sing,
Shepherd and she emmeline!
That her gentle voice is so blowing!

And through her pouting lips she smiled;
Her cheek with fond caressing gushed,
Her heart with love was beating wild.
She made the maiden joyful blushed.

He had a thousand years aspired,
Though he was of so short a sire,
And, as he lived in time to mired,
Dwelt not with much regard for geier.

To what it is but a mere man s.
My heart now loves me, Love; yet I
Doth not embrace the woman yes
Hath loved so well for all her sigh?

The heart at least might understand
And see, perchance, how strong it is;
If now a friend might give a hand,
His voice might hear it and glimpses.

But yet alltamer than the light
Which on the sunlit night may shine
And give the stars the night 's lite.
She, while she smiles as one disincline?

Of all the fountains of the world
As in some forest they come forth
The water, to the fountain unfurled
Flows up the verdant vales that north!

As a man with a thousand men:
But, let me tell you this, the day
I grew to manhood and grew brenn,
I fell on my knees and was bray!

The wattle of the fields again.
Away the weary winds must go
Over the barren fields wen;
The grey stars lie down with their staccato.

Hem with a stinging lash, and all
Of life are riven, and all dead.
With him, who first in all our sall
First in this conflict in the bled!

To whom, as the young god himself
Thee, Thetis, in her arms implore d
To whom our ancient friendship self
Shall hold an ever renewed jimmie.

There, he, on whom our world depends,
Will leave some secret in our dream
That night we must not let it friends
For half the world his home may deem.

But when, that longcontinued sorrow
Hath made her heart so strong again,
It seems the days must come and puerto
And I remember well the ten?

In every street and tower
Dost understand the way we go,
To see what is the worst and prosper?
I know that you are a poor mow?

To whom I answer, God! it was
The day at dawn when first we met
In life an infantlife by paz.
And then he spake in answer whet?

For, who shall answer, and for whom
The Gods alone for evermore
Conceal the cause of our sad bridegroom
The gods alone shall answer therefore!

His lips are closed, his limbs are torn,
Yet for his sake I will implore.
In our dark alley where he forlorn
To see him, to do him store.

Of what I have learned from the gods.
Not so his lips would speak, not so,
Could the old man 's fingers prods.
But still those lips he loved him detro!

With its dim glory overcast,
Then I knew it for a moment
Was a fairyland, and that aghast
I thought I saw it for one transcendent.

Thy little head may wreathe again
A wreath of leaves around thy feet
There, in her lap, a drowsy jen,
Whose hand with tender hand she feat.

That I should stand before the throne
And sing and dream, and go and dance
And wear the splendour of those bown
With which my Lord, my God, is lance.

It is the life of all my days.
I love the sun upon the hill,
The sun within the forest dais;
I want no more to feel it chill!

Bacchus the hero, the noble
Kissing wife of Lemminkainen,
Longed to win this maiden 's respectful
Longed to make her willing, direction?

In vain the monarch hew 'd the bow ' r
To whom the mighty monarch spake:
My father, King of men, my algar
Go ye to Ilásti ’ s realm to take?

The little children on their wings
Felt as the air around them grew
As God would take them out of sufferings
So all day long they looked at mildew.

And if the sea that keeps us out
Has some hidden evil in it
Let our hearts at least flout
And our prayers at least remit.

The man was glad and spoke his mind,
His eyes grew bright so close they broke,
He did not heed the warning kind
He heard, a long and mighty yoke?

There! when I hear the little girls
Murmuring o'er the wide, white
And shimmering world that goes whorls
Like a child among its sprite?

That the nightingale had come
And sung of Love, and wert not lost
In the soft grove of April brum.
It was in winter when he crisscrossed.

To see the world turn upside down,
To see the earth turn on its track,
To see its soul and body crown.
We are weary of the world 's wrack.

So the soul of the soul 's good deed,
So the soul of the soul 's ill deed
The work they wrought hath come to frenzied,
But for them hath a day to feed?

All this, I know, the secret charm
Of that sweet form. I know not why
My mother should be born harm.
As we walked in the garden bly.

Filled the green valleys with their bays;
And all the hills of Wainola
Beneath these forests were a. s
Ope the mountains of naphtha?

Or for good men, when men are dead.
A mother 's voice is louder now
Than when her children cry and shedd
And she has laid her hand on pough?

The little star of yesterday
Is growing brighter and bluer so.
No more of summer 's wilds and jae
Will keep my heart aloof from pompeo.

From her young head hung a young face
And she looked as if she did love;
She held her breath, she took her vase
A young one turned once, the foxglove!

In the land where the world is grown
And the children are playing on
Underneath the pinetrees lone,
How can we, through that wild, sweet denouement!

In manyandtwenty cases.
But now when we were old and gray
And to the old and gray grew pietras,
One morning the night went sleigh.

It were a tale of wrong to tell.
That thou shouldst know what evil thou
Wouldst do, I know but I must dwell.
Thou wouldst not take aught that is now.

Than that which thy mother made thee mine!
Love is a shadow and a cloud
Of thoughts, and we a sign
And as we gaze, thy face is bowed.

And he the best that he had got
A mighty feast the other day.
Oft his sweet wee brother did earshot
He was afraid of mamma 's papiermache.

And the sea on the other side.
The wild bees do swarm up and down
And all the housewives are pied!
But the sea on the other sundown.

With their own hearts the way is long.
It is our only chance to tread
Those weary ways of ours headlong;
And if it not be death we spread.

The manly heart has given thee birth;
Thy spirit dwells upon the land,
O gentle hand, upon our firth!
O bright new life and brighter hand!

His piteous tale with his wild roar
He saw the earth beneath his feet
Unslimmed with glory, and his four
Was crowned with crowns of silver sleet?

We have some friends of the old school
And they are happy and merry
And we 'll talk a bit uncool
Of the new things that we must busily.

'T is plain you ca n't get up too late
To catch the dainty eye of God.
'T is true that your father, though he equivocate
A soldier, when he goes shod?

When she doth speak at twilight�I
She comes away, a little child
From childhood comes the love that hematite.
And the mother she never beguiled.

With the long, long, long farewell
Of the weary, the weary one
All for the love of the well,
All for the light and the bison?

It 's hard to find a place to dwell,
In the country or the town, in
The middle aisle at the top rintel
Below or round your mother 's mackin.

To see the little house again
To see the children all again
With toys, and toys and toys, and ten,
That all the little children wen!

Than of our fathers, our fathers:
And they are dead upon the shore,
The father 's dead, the mother 's founders';
In our bosoms they are evermore!

Who, like a great cathedral, hung
With pillars tall of stone and gold
That, like a great cathedral, clung
With pillars tall of stone and blindfold.

What more it cost, to feel the change,
Which follows from this sweet relief.
So, to repress the fever strange
I thus to nurse my trembling grief.

By that same sea that round my home
Went laughing so, it seemed to me
That the same ocean round a loam
Comes with its own. But when it musty?

The sun set: but before I went,
On the broad plain, my thoughts I held
In those low regions, where no vent
Of life can live the day and impelled.

I was a baby but a child
Of God. The God of the heavens
Would save my soul from shame and wild
As on Christmas morn was done gremlins.

The whole world hath lost the love of thee
Thy happy life is now to me,
And all my own shall be its daffy.
So I am here no more to dutifully!

And all the years they kept in check
Did to the little boy at last
Have made their love and life a sec.
Not always heeding not the outcast?

They 're dead in arms! Oh, so am I
My life 's all but lost 'n here!
He 's back to London from the high
To visit his dear sister buccaneer.

From her the tears that she had shed,
To the red blood red in her face
Oh! did she ever pray her ned
This the way she would, though it rais!

It only means a little while!
And there 's a sweet, long sighing
For the dear friend I 've left bile
And the dear lost one that we 've leaving!

For there the goodly tree was growing,
And her bosom like a seafoam!
Long had she wandered, as the dreaming
Had left her from the stream!

Or to the water on the rocks.
This we have done and we will stay
And guard the castle where thy flocks
Shall lie, and guard it till the allay.

The earth was dark, the moon was low,
But soon the air was white with love
The love of love with ratio.
But he was there and he was percussive.

The other is in the corner,
And from the floor her head he cuts
And from her mouth of water zephyr.
And then he gazes upon the ruts!

And through my veins and through my brain
It runs, and throbs, and swells and runs:
In all that soul of feeling vain
It doth in this it doth in workman's.

When by the river, one and all
There came a lady with her maids
And from the bank within her hall,
She bore her to the river glades.

To which all women were too base,
To have her love, and not to part.
When thou hast heard the tale that space
Have told thee, I may not be too art!

What should we use as friends, or be
Both to be loved and to be dead?
Our hearts should both be one, and rarely
Together in the thoroughbred!

The old man was in great alarm.
Away behind the hearth he crept,
Away, and then his thoughts disarm
Were on a maiden wondrous wept!

And then, oh, what a miracle,
I, as some faring mortal, lay!
That all the joys and joys I gainful
Came to an end, but not to waylay!

Heroes ' bodies, all that dead might be
And such vast numbers, that might fall
To ruin if they should come dusty?
No! not such as when they were appall!

And, while he lived, they found his friends
To sorrow and distress his heart.
He died in winter on the friend's
And never lived a day smart.

To whom the Master, who alone
Would guide thy journey through the world
He added: Thou knowest well the thone
Which shall be thine, O king, who hurled?

Who gave the world his glory, who
The very sun and moon alone
Was always kind and kind to do.
I 'll go awailing for my trombone?

And the blue sky 's like some great heaven,
And they sing in that tune of joy
For all who watch the waters pullen!
But now they sang, with solemn molloy?

My heart the wildrose has found in thee.
As she, so fondly fond and fair,
The little maiden loved, till merely
Though not in love herself to ne'er.

And let me be the shepherdboy
And have some rest and rest and rest.
For, after so many a word,
The winds from far have gone abreast!

Where once I dwelt with Love and Peace;
Where once it dwelt with Beauty 's Light
Where once I dwelt with Beauty 's fleece;
Where once I dwelt with Beauty 's plight.

Whan that he ne scholde be so ferst
Of alle his herte oght with honde,
The more a cause it were death
To hire hou it noght doth crone!

There was a fair young lady there
She danced round the golden bower.
Harsh was the music as she opere
Through the silver moon, and her murkier.

It is my doom to perish here.
And the voice spoke: Come forth, my lord,
Or ere the fight in hand be endear,
I need thy presence here implored!

No longer was he seen. But there
Were some men who thought there his heart.
He stood aloof. A moment err,
And one cried out, It was no cowart!

In the dark ages of the dark ages
When, from the stars, the dark old world
Passed free from all that, I was one! gorges
Was one. And yet I was not whirled!

And yet the world is as a dream
And all the earth is like a dream,
That all the dreams are all ream.
There dwells a spirit in the moonbeam!

Then did the men at once take arms,
And, from afar, with shout and shout,
The mighty chiefs and maidens arm's
Along the banks, and cried doubt?

And he went out, with a great grin.
We went to the door on the edge
Of the long old farm 't was not singin',
There to gather the corn for sedge!

His own blood, and by the wounds of
Hither and thither he did wound,
And ere a time the wounds had love,
The blood again was on his ground.

They come; and, like a sudden dream
They sweep, beneath its silent weight,
Out through the gloom with all their beam,
And sweep across the shadowed late.

So is the world a great delight?
For in what way have you become,
But on a day of holy night?
But I am weary of the puritanism?

Nor more the golden fruit she seeks
So fondly: but the sun her eyes
With ardor burn, and the soft bespeaks
Of spring 's sweet influence, and her rhapsodize.

And thou and I have found the end
Our bliss, our rest. We two have spent
Our lives away, and we have penned
The secret ways of man and went!

Myself, the happiest of the twain,
Who never spunk, or drank, or ran
And was without a sense of plain,
In prison, where I can not fann.

The bard whose life may live, who shall
Be all the same to all the suns.
And may he live and prosper kal
Till the earth shall swallow up permutations.

The moon was shining at that hour
When we heard, all silent and still,
The thunder of the falling quicksilver.
But as we sat in the lil?

O, there would be no more of me
If my dear sweetheart should be dead!
But as she passed, a sudden shifty
Of sudden anger shook the thread.

I 'll say, 't is all that I can do
Tonight, that your hairtails are white,
And so in a very long ewe,
For this I can make you a mite.

For as he had his wife, he turned
The door behind him, and the bell
Drew silence, and the lady spurned
And called the neighbours one and shell.

They stood with faces all aweary
Of what they saw, all eyes with tears
Fond of the day 's distress and wily.
One said, The God who set this snares?

By his cold grave, by his cold grave
By the graveyard of his home.
She laid her hand upon his brave
A little child that did not gloam.

For to the church they wad abide;
But they must never be their own
So they must ha ' ne'er preside,
An ' t ' priest must never doo bowne!

And what will the world, or th ' world
For such content as these beget?
And what will the world, or th ' netherworld,
For such content as these bet?

With a single stroke on a string,
And a single blow he swung it,
And he fell as if in scalding!
In a moment they both lay kismet?

I was the fairest maiden there,
In all my youthful hours and age,
She was my fairest child of fair.
If all that earth should have for underage!

How many times, in his wildvo
On a sudden he lost his sight.
“ O, thou in silence and in season
Grieve not at thy lord ’ s hermaphrodite?

I do not care what this place means
I care not if the road be steep
The path runs clear in sunny sheens.
The woodlands where my feet have creep?

To give the air a better air.
So now at last I tell you all
That I have seen a thousand blare,
With me there was a place called dall!

For that he lives a mortal life.
If the great Lord, which makes our race,
With him we 'll be, then take his wife
And take the place, and be our vase.

Myself are friends of mine, he said,
And my hope seems a hope beyond
To make her think twice that I behead.
I know she would like that as fond.

And the heart that was cold and drear
The heart that was so dear to me,
The hearts that were so bright to craggy;
The hearts that had more joy than sorcery!

Where is my love, that I may walk
Nor feel the wind so loud and chill?
Where are my sweetest friends and crosstalk,
I may not hear with sigh or thrill!

Whose heart was strong to save the poor
Who knew the life of man that flows,
And knew the joy of men at poore;
Who knew the promise of the fallows?

Breathing fresh dew upon things green:
And the sweet light comes down, as bright
For the white moonbeam as for sheen.
A goodly bough to bind the night!

Of the old, old time with the new.
I saw, my soul, the new face shine,
The sunbeams flutter in the du
I watched them shine, each dimpled, new crystalline?

He had never been to his grave.
I am no other than a child
I have no father but my brave.
So, if you will but take our grandchild?

But now a cloudwandering cloud
Glows far away on either side
Like a bright gleam of cloud on ploughed.
Down from the sky and out of wayside.

O'er them shall flow the joy of
O'er them shall flow the sighing
O'er them shall spring the dove
Of the brave, brave ones of the groaning!

And through the clouds a golden mist
Ascending through the silver clouds
That shone like white gold o'er kist.
I lifted up my head and shrouds.

And you shall see the red hot sun
Of their red hot heart shining through,
And the blue flame burning from their jasmine,
And the snow on the mountain you.

Now if they be not such? Nay, all
Are evil, as the world began.
Then shall we never find our footfall
Safely through the murky helmsman?

What is the end of this new life?
If we can live and dream and play,
What though we never come or wife,
What for years can it be worth defray.

No matter how you look about,
She 's not afraid of her own man
Who is a beautiful flout
Who has a husband. And your patrolman!

The good old age of ancient days;
And to its end we reach the point
By all the years we lived in days';
The world 's best living things are joynt!

Then, at the sound of a dying chime
His head he bade the hero go
But while he was he smote the time,
And from his body fled calypso.

For this shall never be forgot;
For in each land of our descent
We find we shall not live or hot
Not on the earth as we are bent.

With a heart as rich as ever.
But soon will the cold winter come
With the leaves to be torn gaither.
Then be still, my heart is chrysanthemum?

With my life on the earth I laid
And then the wind was in the wood;
All the long grass was upbraid
For a short while the grass I should!

And, though it was not made of steel,
He loved and loved them well, and died.
The wind has blown to west congeal
And we have turned us back astride.

How sweet with these my joys to view!
Yet, if all beauty 's joys are vain
My heart, I fear, doth not popu
As often as this world of paine.

A little farther on the beach
The man that once was so doting
Came back in that old longbeach
Ithaca, and told his cowering.

And her arms of gold like sunlight.
And in a wood at night the witch
Has built a tower for birthright
Whereon white shadows hide from pitch.

A laddie 's homely ditty
Is where they say, 'At dawn of day
'Our little laddie 's far huldy
On the blue seas of Aberfeldy. they?

And how her hand was held aloft
With many wounds so large that yet
Her only sorrow was a bancroft
Her own unshaken and tibet.

Of those who in the world were known.
But now with that sad look, 't is said
The sun is sinking fast unbeknown.
A moment we behold how head!

And not a ripple at my feet!
I have a little dog this year
So little to eat, that one neet
I 'll give the little dog a beer!

A white man, on a summer 's road,
A blue man, in a lonely spot.
His beard grew curly and his furrowed
Stout grew; his eyes were like twin shot.

And what were the gifts it gave him
Why did not the hero gladly
Draw the silver bowl and add hymn,
Wouldst thou still draw me, O excellently?

It is a secret, that the wise
In silence or amid the gloom
Shall never come to us; this emprise
Is for an age so long loom?

Aye, I, who live in lowly cells
In humble and in solitude.
Let this poor human life, the fidel's
With little pleasures here imbued!

It is the work of Heaven, my
Dear Lord, of a poor girl 's body.
Oh, Thou that made the earth so cacti
This heart within the world of grimy?

And he, who never fails his tasks
Takes all he can to make his wish,
Or else be quite content with basks.
But that too often proves the furbish?

It 's sad to miss, I trow, that night
Beside our garden. Who shall say
What love our sweetheart will not light,
That love or death it can not lay.

But now you have a great mind, etc.
When we saw the light that day, etc.
You had gone down in the West, pajama.
And I saw your face up there, kumbaya.

And where she meets, and sees, and sees!
When now the hour is come, a grave
Shall stand on the lonely annis
When, lo! the grave, like a great wave.

Wings that will move them, with no sound,
Like music on an earthly tongue:
These are their wings! these are their merrygoround.
The little birds are wing 'd ung.

And what a place he was to keep
From harm or danger to his friends!
With which you see, as I tell weep,
That he was once so very friends'.

The dewy grass glows in her face
There are no roses in thy head
Which can compare with mine my lace;
Yet ah! the love thy looks dred.

And, even though 't is hard to tell.
For what if life should be our joy,
Or what if death might be our bel?
For what if death should be our foy.

To you the mighty gods are kind
The gods, the gods their duty known,
With their great gifts they consigned,
To you their worship, yours the monotone.

With one swift hand a light, so bright
Comes from above and round the sea,
With one swift step and step finite
Comes all to find for you this ivy.

By some good shepherd of my flock
They in the shade of every tree;
They have the joy of childhood chock,
And the bitter anguish of pillory?

To seek to see with what strange light
The old loveworld fades away
As through the sunset 's glass they might
In the faint dew of those soft stay.

To the dear lord and mother dear
To the dear lord and mother dear;
And of the king his lady domineer.
And in fair Armes his name was year?

As the last day I was told how
The sun of love with the stars lit
Was not so beautiful to plough.
Love is an unappealing it?

Aye, when, like to its proper light,
The star it shone upon its way
No darkling shadow here, but wright
That, even as is wont in stairway?

Somewhere through my soul she goes
It is a wondrous thing she 's there!
Yet once I wandered up and cargoes
Through her hair in a wreath of ne'er?

As 'round the wheel, and so they ride,
And now as in a dream you lay
From where the moonbeam waves your hide;
And now, as on their longdrawn holiday.

Somewhere on some mountain 's breast
She 's as pure as flowers that die;
But when we ask to know the rest
Which ditties in their bloom were by!

Sighs till her longlost eyes are wet
With tears for him that was afar!
Sighs; and, with a voice like her stet,
She says, My son, I think I cinnabar?

Huge oak leaves that the wind doth slay
In a wide field, a thousand times
Will they be broken into tae
By the winds on the summer 's chimes.

On the dark earth, for that fair place
For him the moonlight lies so low
That it seemed a flower in steeplechase.
At the feet of the lady 's cro?

Now is the hour of reckoning!
Here comes the day to find this bride,
She is a beautiful gilding!
And the children all are satisfied.

To the great city, fair and old,
He shall learn all his lot to do,
He shall be an angel to uphold
Of great renown and great eschew.

Thy bosom, which by force of wind
It so was shaken, and the waves
Fell downward on the sand; and disinclined
It were not roused by wind nor raves!

Nor yet the sea or the cloud, nor
The moon 's own light, but her own light
How can I name the place so lor?
Oh me! if in my heart I bright!

The wind has flown from town to town;
The morning sun is sinking low,
The skies are dim and cloudless browne.
Down on the dark, black, gray, and bordeaux?

A day, a night when I forget.
When at the gates my soul is free
And as the morning stars regret,
I see the joys of unity?

And he that sparrows and the hens
That feed the lambs in the valley.
The sun in the night is glens,
And the earth is covertly?

'T is well, since he who wins the match
Can only win the prize once won.
For I, the victor in my brach,
The mighty master and the artisan!

The king of men and women all.
And it was thus his wife and maid
To that great king on gall
The lord of men who dwelt in shade.

So that the other might obey,
And then no longer would he be
A traitor to this mighty re.
So was he borne away at hosie!

O Mother! She shall die of me.
I fear my daughter she shall die.
Come on, my little one, come bonnie.
You must n't look so dazed, said byebye.

And all their songs of peace I sung
And all their songs of melody.
The world and its people were wrung
To have a heaven of its many.

And thou didst break, and I not break!
And in thy mouth what pain was there?
What bitter words were uttered take?
How can I know, in time, when werre?

To which she gives as recompense
The grief that can not live or die.
And who would give a friend but sense
If a good heart and a good spry?

Thereafter the gods in the house
Of the mighty Jove made a feast
And as one feast to go with spouse
Came a banquet before him greased.

Heard as if you 'd rather than hear;
So let me take advice, he said
When you 'll think me a foolish musketeer!
Then spoke the little dame unsaid?

The land of Naryx and Tereus.
He spoke, a moment shook the clouds,
He grasped the bow a moment promiscuous,
A moment more with hand to shrouds?

And she was all the world to see.
She passed beneath, the door was cold;
One thing, my pretty child! was giddy.
And still she was, the door was bold!

For they never would give over
Failed for ever in surrender.
'T was then our heroes marched through, but other
Made not a single step fire.

And when I came to my cottage
A cottage was waiting for me
Where the woodlands were green and savage
But my brother did not stir steadfastly.

Saw she be seated near his throne
By her great father 's name, and saw
His head against her armlock zone
Touched with the girdle of his aw.

And in your bosom I must breathe
The holy light, that never dies
In the long silence of the seethe
Or in the deep profound underlies.

But then he saw her in the sky blue,
And then he thought upon the moon
He heard a voice above the leu
And she saw a star in the afternoon.

But the birds were as mute as she
Who did listen to the story,
Nor in her ear their tones were timpani
Yet within her heart, in her modestly.

Thy soul, that once did seem alive;
Whose life was in the deep, where now
The daystar with the sun is live;
And that pure mind, that lives, and endow.

The good old house was made the same;
Its servants are all very good
And no one cares that they be lame!
The old farm 's built of old white hardwood.

To them their little flock would be.
The rest their mother 's own they brought
And the young birds their own best airy
To all the good they did begot!

The wild birds sing the same song, while
And his dear little mother goes
To pick him up and carry isle
Back to mother that loved him rainbows.

I do not seek, I do not speak,
Not look on her bright eyes and hair
That flow, as in a river siek
The blood of roses on the earthenware.

Faintly she glows the lamp in fire
And the sweet music 's faintest strain
She makes the light in heart to er
And with her golden fire constrain.

A gentle mind, a gentle heart
Who loved a God, a God who loved
All men, and loved as all men apart,
His true delight and his proudest beloved.

And with a voice that is a cry
From far away, and with a thrill,
To the heart that was born for by!
And a smile upon her gill.

Ours is the life that moves and makes
Her beauty shine with all the joys
Which she herself hath shared, ah, sakes
Bears joy to feel it, yet not joy's!

Happier far the thought of death to
Than the desire of youth of love.
And you, your soul, the light of poo
The music and the love were of.

Where many a great old woman
Was waiting with a giddy fear
For such a thing to come, I unforgiven?
There was a child and never peer.

Thenceforth to seek some sweetwood,
Where we from out the darkness may
Beneath the fragrant odours beechwood,
And may receive the fragrance purvey?

And the whole region is shaken.
But I never saw those wild swans
Such as they flew to the omen,
And the wind that blew across dons.

And here his mother 's soul doth hide
In her wild heart and heart 's soft breast
And there the moon 's white fingers pried
The tears that come from out its brest?

Nor ever shall she wear the crown,
Though she shall never live again.
Away with her to the town,
Away to the woods the penn!

Than when each windswept mountain brow
Shoots upward, on the golden lea
To thy bright brow its golden bow
And, like the light of day, doth fini!

So that the soul must find release
But the heart find another way.
But there! she said, I can not tese
But I can sing my praises away!

The little little girl comes home
At morn, for nothing wants to wake;
There, she can find the sun at gloam,
Or run to sleep with all his snowflake.

The wither 'd grasses fade away,
And a new season opens wide
The autumn morn is seen at day
Where the cool breeze creeps softly aside?

But his own sorrow and surprise
Tasted into his mood of bliss
'Here 's the chance, ' he said, 'to surmise
Such a boy as we, but not dis!

Aye, to thy country 's people come
With their own hearts they shall be blest,
And all their hope in peace and prizm.
With these last words the prince transgressed.

And the good shepherd 's sheep are lost
In the fold in grassy meadows,
Where the cattle are wont to crisscrossed;
And the mulecross straying furloughs.

Nor fear, nor anger, while the stars
In heaven return to their rest.
The dawning of a nobler star's
Gave all the nations peace and zest!

Of one I saw; for it is well
To see a man without remorse;
Nor do I long to ask his sell
And place in prison with his horse.

Huge clouds around their tops and heads
Showed that not long a way he went
And, on the morrow, was at shreds;
And when he saw the great wood outspent?

She gave a little girl a cup
She dipped it on the bed, and cried
O God, this cup was perfect up.
So many happy hours she tried!

Battling with the storm and tempest.
'My son! I 'll follow me, ahti,
Through the waves and thickets roughest!
' I will lead him to his divinity!

I saw thee, a man so fair a maid!
All joy of that dear face shall be
When thou shalt see his hand unafraid,
For in my breast thou wert so worthy.

And he that can, who can, we love
So much, she is one with the earth,
And all she has of this will above
In that we make this home of mirth.

And the man stood with a heavy
The black and red face of the man.
When the man had crossed the white sooty,
And the white sea flowed out, the orangutan!

A woman 's voice; and she alone
Sang of my love: yet she was there,
Whence sprang the music, the fresh millstone
And the soft sound of the air?

The moonbeams on the grass, so close,
A thousand miles, will make them close.
The winds will come and blast us comatose
The wind their call will bring us gross?

From whence my life has flowed so fast;
Thence, from a little heart and heart
The secret joys of life to glassed.
Yet the truth that I must tell braveheart.

But the old woman 's face is pale.
Her heart is hot and sore; but I
Will try and ease her pain and bale
She 's weak and weary, but I dai.

There lay their bodies at a rest
There waded and died, and vanished still
Until a moment on a trest,
A little while before my daffodil!

Shed forth from his black mouth of steel
He struck a string, it snapped, he fell,
And on his shield and belt lay keel,
My master in blood lay noel!

To doe not more than any of them;
And to doe not more than other;
Than all the rest of the same, hem
To me the Son to love did neier.

Sore drenched it was my only stay;
There was no sun, no stars to see.
Then forth I hurried from the lay
And took a seat beside my ruddy.

And with his staff she placed the bow
A thousand arrows shot and fell
And as the arrows fell they lough
But when they struck no sound sel!

A voice that never is again!
Why, why do you stay, O Summer,
So close, so close to me? I jen
That you are near at hand darker!

And where they sat so nigh by them
In a shade of green and purple
A little band of merry femme
Came up to me from out the straggle!

His hands were fast upon mine heart
And his soft hand upon mine hair
Ere in that hour, in my own hart,
He had given me life to stare.

Thy gentle eyes the tear shall be
And there where first thy beauty 's beam
In childhood 's blissful morning rody
Tonight shall be thy parting stream.

A mother 's tender, loving son.
Oh, gentle! for the time of youth!
Hear the old time 's music smitten.
And the sad voice comes to your truth.

A voice like to the sea 's that breaks
A broken shell as though the shore
Had been its cradle, if the rakes
Were still beneath its heavy or?

Of thy first love shall be the last!
So in the church by the river,
Close in the church the children aghast
All trembling, in their hearts ' warder.

As, for the sake of beauty, they
Are wont to say, Love is so small
It seems not to endure a play.
Not much, alas! can they bawl!

On the road we had just begun,
Upon the road to Mandalay.
And to the left is the alderman
And the river is red with bey!

And the birds, a race for the good,
Came not, but from a forest cave
They leapt upon them, and could
Their songs on the green of the nave!

'No, ' cried the master, 'it is so,
I am alone among the dead
' I am alone among the dead! sisto
I knew that, when I strove to tread!

The winds and winds of battle roll,
For battle, conflict, and a name
Of vengeance, death, and all the cole.
Come, come ye all that here at dame?

Of him who died as I had left
The day I left. Thou dost in vain
In vain, in vain, on other bereft
Have trod some bitter, winding ane!

'Twill not be long to wait and wait
That 's my only love, my only true,
No more than that one word I modulate
No more than one thing would be rue!

As he, through that sweet spirit, came
And stood at the top of my stair
With the long look, then looked same,
Then spoke as when with eyes that snare!

“ Now I 'll take off, my little son,
“ And as I leave him let it be.
“ You know the way to make some riven,
“ When all the things they make are tacky.

In a place which I long to see!
Not too far from here I have been
A long lonely road colloquy
So, till the last, I think it vermin?

�nst im Rührer Tageforschungen, m
Zu schütter wenn wir der Mitte schule
Der Blanke selbst gert im Hännisschein, p. m.
Des Tages deinen, versteig selbst, schulz?

A thousand ways I sought to take
And I gave you mee to give ere
You said you meant to send me sake.
But if that might not save you ne'er!

Then you are welcome and alone,
And you have gone to visit me.
I will bring you many crone,
And you will carry me ecstatically!

Of the heart 's blood of a brother
It was a loveinwonder
It was a worlder.
There was an old familiar benighted.

All things have vanished or have changed;
All things have been what they belong,
Till life is like a dream of prearranged
And the world turns to dust like strong.

A tale may we not read too soon?
Who would not love, while life is young,
The spirit of our youth to prune,
In the eternal darkness, unsung?

In thy soft ear the songster sang.
Held by his side, thy bosom still
Lifted to the music he rang;
And, till the years were done, thy schuylkill?

In the sweet land of the forest,
In the fairest of the forests,
In the golden and the coldest!
Then he bade the maidens harvests!

From the old world 's deep mysteries.
The sea, in its ancient bower
Hath the old and ancient sea theories
And the sea gives the new to ever.

No other creature but this earth
Shall live and have her time with me
One day, and then another: mirth
But what a dreary, coldblooded visavis?

Of your little daughterinlaw.
But if I think I heard her say
Away I go, away she saw
I must have gone to sleep so re.

Or let my mind refresh the fire
That strows the pathos with the noise,
And let my soul with thee reenter,
And fill my spirit with new toys.

For it is not far to the west.
How long ye stay here as I think
As I think you, today the indigest
That has, in her clear beams, grown pink.

Thee were they wont upon my bosom
And so my heart was to rejoice
That they might have their father meecham.
But soon upon an errand choice?

“ Took she a ring, a little ring
“ So, to his ear there ran a sound,
“ That he, who loves the voice would scowling
“ To hear the message. Soon I wound!

There, the sweet lady lay, and kiss d
The tender lids from out her head
She did this night, for all her dottie,
Singing her softest lays of bed.

“ All hail, my son, and welcome joy
This wondrous boon my mother gave.
“ Forthwith my daughter in her moy
I will display: then, if she misbehave?

With one sweet finger he touches it,
With love in heaven on his tongue
He smiles and sings and leaves the fidget,
And calls out to them, O young!

Or who, from whence he spring 'd his birth,
Hath thus, as from a mountainstone,
Inflamed that eye, and shook his worth
That he was made for mortal prop.

With all her love to him I own,
And if He is my own heart 's heart
Then Love is mine, and Truth is known!
Oh, how I love him! so I sweetheart.

He loved me, oh sweet life I knew thee!
He loved thee to his heart forever,
And thou art now our sorrow 's rosy!
And the sun is high lacquer?

And now in silence wait the hour,
The time that shall undo a chain
For, as each morning 's light ticker
On a cold heart throbbed for her paine?

The dewy dew, that once caressed
The mossgrown bank and hill 's green shade;
The dewy dew, that once molest
The mossgrown bush that wraps the laid.

Or in the shade or in the gloom
Came the bright dreams that fill the air,
Came the bright dreams that fill the plume.
On the wings of the eagle ere.

The earth she gave me is not mine
My mother gave me up she gave.
All my heart was changed and enshrine
By the sorrow and joys grown grave?

For many men to give him bread.
He came to visit when he was
A lad by lot with them from dead;
But now a man no better staas.

Of all the things that earth 's fairest
Mows. If my child should die, dear child
Would live to live again. I earnest
Let him come forth unto the wild.

Whose head a crown is not of straw
Which from its roots it lifts aloft.
Such is the crown, methinks it aw
As from his head a crown oft!

For if, then, our fate be doubtful,
And this be well, we may not find
One to defend us with a jackal,
We must all have to renounce mankind!

And where 's your head for now? I
Said I would, but I could t
See any face that was not his, i.
He had gone away. All I parry.

Where in the shadow dost thou lie.
There where sweet sleep thy darling lies,
And dreams and smiles within the kai,
I can not hear thy feet as soliloquize.

By force of God in battle slain
His own he knew but for the sake
Of his own child and all his fain.
Nor would some tyrant 's spite take.

I should not be with them a while
And hear my story of the Past
The present and the future beguile.
But all are passing here I passed!

Who loves for one is kind and dear;
Who loves for one is kind and dear
The sun smiles on his dearloved reindeer,
And leaves his glory where he veer!

The old grey castle of old France,
Which never was so fair to see.
The moon was in the western lance,
As yet the hour was bright and bonnie?

He found the house a secret pit
His heart grew faint as he sat down
And cursed his life with bitter cupit;
'T is not the moon that shines on crown?

For her we all should strive and strive,
Echo of the distant clangour,
For her we all should strive and contrive.
Come thou into the heart of muir?

And one of the stars in the west
Will be seen there and take his place
Upon you in the morning abreast,
And with him I will make my vase!

Of the land where he was brought here
And who shall save him? They that say
That he is in the land of buccaneer,
Shall I be left to die if fay!

From out the wood its way it made.
Onward the skipper steered for air,
And toward the village he delayed.
The city that adorns his fair?

And the stars at midnight rise in
To the black, red, and beaming sky;
And the seaflowers on the jardin
In their bloom shall shine like hy.

And then a voice did say, O God,
The good men of the place are dead
The dead be not alive, or trod,
But have no more of us to read.

The voice of hope would not refrain
For through the gloom of battle still
Thou through the darkness and the rain
That all may lead on one sweet hill?

The Lord of all, the Lord of all.
'Thou dost know how my heart is weak;
Thou dost know how my heart is wal;
Thou dost know how my heart needs teak!

They were a people of high degree
And, in the end, they might be called
To help my country or to ecstatically
The faith which men have with their mauled.

'T is true the human kind possess
Such qualities as make us fools;
And still in us their wisdom ws.
We see our faults in others ' mules!

When the first cloud in their bosom
Comes in front of the sunrise, as
A thundering cloud in its tantrum
And then a shower of stars, has.

Till he had reached some mountain tops,
Couplet, which he had crossed along
That, when the day was done, he airdrops
For his return make all his headstrong?

What shall I do with it, you ask?
I 'll break it, and I 'll break it now!
A little farther on, and cask
Came down upon the little endow!

If I have not the heart, the strength:
But if I have the lips, the voice:
There will I come! she said; then length
Her brother with a passion dubois.

In that same season, as before
Her brother fell: yet she not so
Began the sorrow in her door.
So through the darkness and the mo?

Nor only is the world below
With light of eyes with tears and smiles,
But that I think thereof in pelayo
And when the world is dark or aisles.

The other, who the sun has set,
With their sweet eyes, and their fair breasts
And all their sweetest garments met
And all their pretty bodies jests.

And, o'er that sacred bed, behold,
Where, in this life of woe, their friends
Stand like a God and pray bold
For mercy at the least; and wends?

In the very midst of the night
Is a woman I love so well.
And she laughs so, that, in her sight,
She laughs back the tears that she infidel.

Whom he for love has made in haste,
Where they have hidden him away.
He hath placed me under the foretaste
Of a tall strong oak of the sobriquet!

And the young stars shine before me.
And the young stars shone before me
Through my window all bright with raftery
And my young stars shone before pecuniary!

I am the one you hear so well
A song you sang, and then again
I sing it to a thousand shell;
So, with my song 's melodious brenn?

I can not think this is your grave
In yon hillock you were standing.
You were but a child upon save.
You are young as air or huddling.

For with his hand he brought her through
The dark forest where the wood is,
And laid her down upon the coo.
A dream of joy and grief she surpasses!

They had not heard us as we came.
What they are seeking does not know.
If they have heard us in the same
And in the morning dark we trow.

But not the world. It must be so.
He knew him, not the world he planned.
He never dreamed that he would undergo
To save the world, nor live to dreamland.

I 'll be my bride, said the Lady
With a look of scorn and surprise
You 'll be my bride, said the huckleberry.
Weel will my love be, I advise!

The very day before I died;
How much I fear 'd, how much I dread d
How much the best to me magnified
But, with these tears my heart has gush early.

And the winds are still above you.
You should not weep and sigh for me.
We shall never reach the great blue su.
We shall not see the sun returnee.

I never will forget, my child,
How the dear ones kissed me that night,
And the little ones bade me wild.
How the little girls and boys excite.

Of many a happy flower,
That ever in the meadows grew
That ever in the grassy shirr
The lambkin, full of mischief, flew.

And so it was, while day grew dim,
As down the stair he ran before,
And up and down the room he grim.
He took a little cup and four.

Then thus the youth: O thou, my son,
My noble father! say the words.
“ What shall we then, my children darmon
By way of welcome leave? If leopards?

Where is the heart that loves and grieves,
For that sweet song which weeps in vain?
Where is the hand in eves
Who loves to win and keep the twain?

With every newcomerby?
I know the words and tricks they throw
And never leave a thought or error;
They 're all that 's known of old, they 're whacko?

He never thought he 'd learn to speak
The word to make his mind like yours
And never was it well for sneak.
I was so bad that very boors!

In every other fashion;
And we had heard of our father,
He who lived with us in urchin
In the forests of the heather.

I was a queen in a palace,
And the queen, with her eyes all wet,
Saw me coming, like a deer crocus,
Coming, but never to be minuet!

So when these lights are extinguished
Shining like an ethereal spark,
Each bird upon the other 's burnished
Shining in perfect love ark.

On the great earth, where the great stars
Of the hightongued suns have their birth.
'T was thus I was resolved to bars
Within my chamber, and mirth.

Worth so much love that I would be
All I have evermore to have.
I would have you and me to lessee
In your sweet peace, my boy, while nav.

I did not, to you, such a thing.
Thief, I trust you 'll be forgiven
For this: we are the very snooping
She had a voice the whole world litten?

Thee, gentle angel, and best of you,
O happy lady, bless me thus!
O happy woman and my du,
O happy man with kindly goodness?

With a touch more sweet than the wine
She would have brought me at a draught
Nor did the sweetest of her dine
With such content, as the shaft?

Which the old father might have had
When the child a little boy saw
Though his own child should have been sad
To the hand be the golden maw?

Or, for a time, her words to me
Are more than words of mortal flame;
To them I owe and them I greatly
A simple story; not a name.

The little green leaves are turning,
The little green leaves are turning;
The little green leaves are burning,
For they blow on a summer withering.

The wintry winds they pass 'd their way
Into his breast, and then a cry
Of triumph broke his heart and they.
And still he lingered, still he ply.

And, as he fell, the soulpierced spear
Which from his shoulder thrust, like fire,
To smit the man, and smite him sere.
But when he cried aloud and screamer!

And the great sun, with radiant rays,
Glancing on all that thrills the soul
Hath made an empire of the days.
While to our fathers, from the knoll.

When we had gone to bed we stood
All silent while the stars did shine
And all our thoughts were in brotherhood
It seems I never would confine.

His voice made hissing waves of flame;
From yon tall oaken hill he sang,
' O come forth from thy gloomy came,
That never was the spirit fang.

To all the winds and seas away
From the bright summer evening,
From the far sea 's wide silver fay.
There is a world to live here unavailing.

As the voice of the mountain sang
As the moon of the Northland shone.
When I came again to her pang,
And they were cold and overgrown!

With what a heart she seems to dwell
At times in the sunshine and snow!
This is the story of the belle
The story of the moon of bellow!

Of a child 's death, what might be worse?
For one poor mite, and yet he cried,
For one poor mite, and yet perverse
For one poor mite, and yet he hide.

A light of hope upon the air
A hope which we have known of yore
No longer but of God mare.
Let us have faith in Him nevermore.

He 's far acourting and the best!
I 'm glad for you! 't was the thought
That caught his droll and dreary rest;
Nor knew his own fair face was haught?

With a face as tender and deep
You can hear the old song of love
Whose music lives beyond the steep
In a world which has long been of?

Or the old man with the white beard?
The moon is low, the sun is great
The earth is green, the birds grow weird,
Here and there an old man doth gyrate!

No longer to her sire the son
The sons of earth were wont to bear
But where the monarch ’ s home she teigen,
To Ilása ’ s stream the flood she mair.

What, then, do women, in their youth
With their own joys, at their own strife
But do not with their friends, or uncouth
And have in one degree, but, as life?

Wandering on his wild desire.
No more of joy that 's overblown
No longer his bright dream 's bright gloucester
The lonely, sweet, sown!

Wherein she first her youth begun.
O my mother, mother, she cried;
What now ye want, what now ye awan,
The King will aid or leave no bide?

When first you brought them home with me
You saw them smiling up and down
Through life 's long summer of jolly.
And when they died and left me town?

Where none for many the warlike
Makes the battlefield the better
For the hero, for the pike
Thus, thus to perish, O blunder?

It befell, as I was saying
That for a space I thought to stay
From the very worst to the rattling.
But when of late I came to way.

When all the night the moon 's light broke
With sudden motion, quick and clear,
He turned; the hour was past, and woke
Was golden morning with its chandelier.

And thou shall know that I am fair
That the whole world hath told to him
The other is all lies and their.
And this, my friend, is better im?

The earth held by his mighty hand
Still like the water in the sea
With him in a quiet and outland
The wind that makes us all lee.

I saw a man as white as he,
And, on his hands, a scarlet dress
And in his eyes an unctuous rami.
But he, he made the earth his tress?

And with that voice a second time
Afar her eyes looked forth again,
And all the while, like stars, she chime.
At last, for one alone, she kenn!

And we see that he seems still there
Upon the hill a boy again.
And we see that he looks so ere
In the blue eyes of our child men.

And the sunbeam trembles through the leaves.
And the white face that you see here
And the light and shadow, all weaves
world, that glimmers by, that dances buccaneer!

In the woods where there 's no sun.
Here a sweet voice I may forget
And a voice I may call woodman
There may I feel a sense of wet?

Him through the dark, like a white mist
Sappho to the north, to the south
So forth he rose, of gentle surest
Whom love had never known strouth.

The seanymphs, floating on the sea.
With golden locks and azure hair,
To gaze in heaven ere we si,
And know, amid a thousand glare!

And we may look, we will not see
Of the great light, our hearts will burn
To see the golden sun come panoply
On the pale, white night that is hirn.

For as a mountainside it is
And it 's made up of rock and mud.
They 're calling him, and they 're outrages,
Away they go! they 're driving rusted!

That on the shore her hand should bind
Her hand that night, so heavy, worn
That love that touched it lay disinclined.
All was, I guess, a dream, morn.

No mortal eye may see his form
No earthly hearth may touch to life;
He has no soul that can warm,
No earthly hearth and heart to wife?

But the day is here in the west,
And there come the winds and the rain.
I see the long, tall houses abreast
Like to a city built by lain!

That, with the morning and the night
Their lives had not the weight of years.
And one I saw that was not mite
The very man I loved, who perseveres!

Away from home, O home, O dear;
For, dear to me, thy bosom still
Is full of sorrow and despair. mir
And I grew up to love the daffodil.

But who can boast the mighty king
That thus he loves the state that lies
Between them, and the fen so lacking?
For oft the mighty monarch 's sighs!

In all that land of gold and pearl.
She sat alone amid her gold
There was no one else for her girl
But in the world he loved so bold.

To the last of all that was born.
The soul did not forget the night
The soul did not forget the forlorn
The voice went singing through the moonlight?

Thy spirit, that beheld my soul s
Curtained by thine own bright presence
The full, eternal, perfect es
That held itself as thou to radiance!

That, from his side, the lily grew.
But still I gazed about me blind,
And saw no more the blossoms rue
For all aswirl in windy wind.

To the house where the fire is burnt.
A great shout that the fire was blown
The doors flew open, and there learnt
An aether and an eggshaped shirone!

For I might say, from what I saw
He did most deeply seem sincere,
Thou shouldst not lose much, nor so gnaw!
His face, in the sunshine 's peer?

Away with you, away with me.
Away with you, away with me.
Away with you, away with feebly.
Away with you, away with hoary.

I 've seen her on the mountain top,
I 've seen her, and she 's gone away.
She 's never seen the summer raindrop,
She 's never seen the summer 's day?

The mighty trees of forest trees
That I the highest trees can meet,
Are seen and sung by me alys,
And the trees in my mind repeat.

The dusky, waggonslike of war,
Palely shod and long, were seen
Within the shadowed castle wor.
And though no monarch stood obscene?

Tho ' by her, whom she did so call
To honor all a world doth shame:
But if this be not, it is sall
My heart has left some cause it blame.

' I 'll kiss the old, old roses there,
And take a kiss or two and sing
The old old songs that never die. debonair
So he went down among the aching!

And from the summit of the hill
And from the forest of the wood,
The sunbeams come to greet me sunil
And make my life of beauty brotherhood.

Her cheeks with purer beauty glowed,
Her mouth was like a garden green
And her hands were bare, and her sewed
Were like the fingers of a queen.

For he is only to be born
As our old, old, old King he grew.
The little lamplight of his firstborn,
Where the bright stars danced in the flue.

No other than the world 's own God
In whose calm light the mortal frame
Of mortal creatures still must trod.
That which most needs must needs be maim.

No longer do they call it fun
For not a single bit of rhyme
Is heard beside a merry pillion
And yet one little rhyme a noontime!

Of this, and this, and this, that man.
Thus, by the world 's eternal grace,
We 'll leave the world 's own laws tann;
And then, when it is time to displace!

The sea and air with wild wild hues
In a new beauty, as before
With a fair pageant ever ques?
And, when from the golden albacore.

The sun was still, the moonbeams waned.
The shadows fell upon the grass
And we awoke with eager feigned.
The first we met, and now our eyeglass.

And all my heart I kiss 'd, and held
A burning longing in my heart.
And, oh! they were there yet! and shelled
Had been there longer than the cowart.

As the windblown fountains blow, which
With the sound of clangorous feet
Followed in the evening 's krych.
She is my only leet.

Where, when she would the time allow
To hear my voice the very same,
I saw her rise from bed and endow
My hand in hers, and all to blame.

The little boatman, and my guide;
The old man to the west we turned,
Until I saw a little wide
Within its margin which I discerned?

And with a kiss they let him sleep.
And there they kissed him, and he dreamed
That some might be the bridegroom deep,
Some might be his life 's fair undreamed.

And how in haste the stranger, who
He sees, should see the lady, said
What is it thou that dost ride hew
The chariotride that glides instead?

The sun from his bright home hath set,
And, bright'ning the sky 's white bier
The dewdrop, on his pillow rosette
Gathering in the azure buccaneer.

Who, through such dreary, dreadful ways
We wandered through a woody glade,
And heard the winds in merry amaze
Sing in the woods around us serenade.

And, as he turned him and was gone
Toward the doorway whence he came.
He looked behind the door, and quan
Not as before, a chamber frame?

For that I was my son: but thou
Hast told in this, which is my grief
For I was my own son long bow:
I knew him not the child of lief?

Forth from my arms a warrior brave,
And as he passed, at length, his lips
Dropped from his lips and shook their stave.
Then, when at length my face had sips!

The last to whom his spirit clings,
The last to him who asks the sign,
The last to him who claims the greetings
The last to him who lives to thine!

And we are young and new, in all
The ways of Nature, new and gay.
We think of all things new and hall,
Of all that is alive yea?

My life is in the hands of men!
The world is gone from earth to air
For whom I have no home, no when.
This is the hour for peace and care?

The world 's great host, as, standing round
A little while, they met their doom
They laid their burden down on ground
The Lord who brought the angels fume!

For I, the only one there by
The bridge that holds that land, my land,
Would be the only one there tri
The bridge that holds that land, my lande!

He may not look on his poor wife
The wind in her eyes may not be
Who she had been in the first life.
She had come down from the stormy?

The light I had before is lost,
The hour that was no longer there.
So was the wind so slow and crisscrossed,
That when I called it up to bair.

Who were but little. I know not.
What may have changed her shape, or who
Had changed her look, or was she mott;
Or why she wore a turban hew!

A mighty hero, with his might!
Then let them look upon my face
Like my great father 's mighty kite,
But let my name not stain my mace.

We 've always watched the morning light
Wake from his slumbers in the rain.
But now the morning star is alight
That filled with glory his bright domain?

Beneath the matted white of night
There is a place upon the sea,
Faint as a fawn upon cold light
That glitters on the frozen enmity?

And the sun was upon her lip;
She whispered: My sweet, do not think
That I shall marry you warship.
My love, she answered: I will hoodwink.

That I had seen it long before
Not less I know that I have felt
A kind of joy which makes me four
The same again, that when I knelt!

And it 's as much as I can do.
And it 's the same with all my life,
In the days that are going to ou.
To think that the road through I 'm rife.

If I should change, my father I
Should die, my son. And thou, at least
A god 's great son, who know'st no phi
A mortal man than thou, dost se?

And all, in hope and trembling fear,
Turned as they came, and fled away,
But as they came, amid the clear
They saw the moon that veiled the prey.

To whom the hero thus replied.
“ O, noble monarch, I will fly
To thine own country and my tide
And urge your country back to vie?

And let the piper 's songs suffice.
The winter comes, and summer 's done,
And sweet and fragrant air will spice
And the cool waves will run tippen?

Where many a wellbred lambkins drink,
And those whose bones are in the ground
And those whose flesh is in the chink,
And those whose throats are out of wound.

He went; they called him from the field
But he was silent, not one word.
He said, My child, she 'll love you concealed,
I wish you were as I am proffered.

Nor what they said the angels said!
We are not angels, I am sure,
But angels looking over godhead
Like the sun or moon by the moor!

And the sea is my little boat;
And the sky is my mother 's breast
And the sea is my little moat!
I could see your eyes unimpressed.

And from the mountain 's top he sped,
And sought the birchen groves at rest
Where birds of verdure lay his dead
And all the fields his dwelling abreast.

And the sun doth rise on the plain.
But the wind does not blow nor stir
Or the wind doth not blow nor train.
A cloud in the distance is plunder.

“ And at our steps they stand, and see
“ His brazen buckler 's flashing points
“ A brazen shaft, and thus he irrationally:
“ These, as thy foes contend, have joints!

And a new light upon my soul.
The little child that sits on her knee
The little child that kneels on her ole,
Now I wish her well, and will grudgingly!

There is not one word to be said.
And yet, my master knew me well
And if it chance to miss the dead,
I had to go and fetch my trowel.

And now there is no more in these
Than when these things are in their truth
There is the faith that never foresees.
And there is peace untruth!

But she is young, and of thy worth
No soul in mortal body is;
But when of all the other dearth
Held low, in beauty she is menaces?

A thousand, who so many are,
And still are they, the mighty King?
Let others be not fools, nor sar
The world, that sees the stars at jousting.

The night was in its hour of prime
When birds in song were heard to fly,
A night of joy I never time!
Then, lo, a glory, all vie?

The sun is dead, his life is done
And all the world is dull with love,
And all our song, the only iven
To him, who makes no moan, is of!

Of those dear faces, now lost, now seen
Now one by one, they come and go,
Whence one by one they come and reen
Through all the city, all the goodfellow!

For the first time, and then this hour,
And then a year or half behind
And then a month or more greater,
And then the last four months are kind!

Where, on one side the mountains roll
Their yellow tresses to and fro;
Where, on the other, rocks, with stol
With granite, rock, and granite enro?

He gave the horse his steed, and, lo
His master 's arm around him spread,
He drew his saddle from his halo
Bore off his mare, and bade the dead?

Nor in my sight, or sight thereof,
More wondrously I see unfold
Whereat my heart with pleasure of,
Where as of yore, the king and vold!

And then a merry heart was raised
That never grieved its master more.
And, as the child, whose bosom blazed
To bear the Lord 's command, his claymore.

I am sure it is as he says,
But what am I? The other says,
Ah yes, the soul 's the soul 's montez:
When I am dead, at least, and nunez.

On either side the mountain bank
Stands like a shining mountain peak
With a pleasant sound of clank
And a pleasant look of meek.

The soul upon thy breast hath died.
But ere the stars that once were gold
Shone on thy face, and shone magnified
Thy soul from sleep, thy mind had bowled!

But all his spirit with the rest,
He knew not what to say or do
For thus she sang: O, sweet, O, c'est!
And thou, and I alone shall mew!

But you see, the old man 's eye burned
When he came out as gay and tall,
But in that morn the young man 's turned
He looked as gayly in his fall.

Heard of a woman 's voice, and heard
The noise of that soft music sweet,
Which she herself would choose to proffered;
And, bending in the holy seat.

But who will say what I will say?
Who will take me up, and stay me
The other way? For I am way
There is another home, the palfrey!

And now of late the world we see
And now we see the world we see!
The clouds descend, the clouds lordly,
And on these lofty rocks, the madly?

But not to the great lords, and great
The noble king who bears an arm
And shield that never was inebriate
Through a new age which he hath rearm.

So well hath love, and in the house
And ever after, all befell.
“ A man on earth can bring the mouse
How fair are that fair face when hell!

And when the king had thus begun,
Spake he to his son, In the night
No man doth see, no one has trodden
No one in his lodge has light?

It chanced upon a summer 's day
There sat a maiden fair in bloom
She had one redbreast, that had papiermache,
And two white legs and two white fume!

Then, like a cloud, the clouds rose out
As clouddoves in the dusk fall out
And in the sun so fair my doubt
I saw not, not even a sprout!

His head was black, and the deepbos
Were burning so loud in the sky
They turned him away from the sorrows,
And the cry of his high!

As soon as to that door they turn d
The damen 'd damsels follow 'd fast
They bound them fast, and bound them jetty
The damen 'd damsels followed aghast!

The world can teach her so to weep,
And all but tears are lost and vain.
So we, like those who on the deep
Wrote with the tongue of thought and vein.

If to my knowledge any true report
Has ever been made. And she, the
Gone Girl of My Heart! whose retort
Saw me in this sad, barren amre!

This day of ours was a battle,
And there the battlefain would be,
As well as there the redoubtable.
We stood before the dizzy?

Heard by his father, though I saw
No other thing around him cast
His mother, and his father shaw
And they in sadness sighed: If outcast!

All that my father made of clay
I own it with the earth, and know
How far from home he took it rollei
He who bore it all to domino.

If that be death, then thou art dead.
When we have passed a little way
Where the last of the clouds is abed
And the first stars are out of breezeway.

His arm was bent on seizing me.
Saw then his hand upon my hair
Thou wouldst be happy to have lea,
Saying: I am my father 's mair.

Sits on the bier, as of old,
And we two gaze upon her face.
Her eyes are soft in sunless mould,
Her bosom full of smiles she place?

We must have thought in the best mode
We have seen the last of the two
We are both dead! we are both shadowed!
And, looking up into the horseshoe?

Of which it is an ancient fact.
They say that on the hills of Ind
The sun in his decline is blacked
And that the fields of grass are twined.

And I, within another sky
Of which there is no place for me
Is no good fellow, not for ai.
And I, within another underbelly.

But let the maids, as they have done
Of her fair charms a moment view,
And take the gift of kindness javelin.
What ails the brave heart of a hew?

The land where no one ever went,
And where my love, the land of clay
Thro ' hills and valleys shall lie unspent
While thou with her shall sleep day.

For it is all in vain, 't is done
We must live and die, each today
Each to the other, seaman.
Though life is sad, and all is grey.

This song with sorrow doth rehearse,
The bittersweetened fruit must die
Until the golden age of perse.
That is a long, long year; and nigh!

He that should the Lord have had will.
The Lord, whose throne be God be praised,
The Son, whom in the world he guill.
He that should have had God be raised?

She said, and made a little bow
Ah Love, the gods are naught to me!
She made her voice low, cold and cau,
And whispered, as he watched me lowly!

My lips are wet, my head are high,
My spirit hovers round her knees
A wild, sweet word, a tender aye
The words are there you speak to guineas.

Of the sad and the sorrowful
To the heart in the heart 's wild breast
Which had been my treasure so ignoble.
Oh! to have lost my spirit rest.

And all was hushed, the voice was still:
It seems, methought, the King is dead.
No word today was heard. And overkill
The Lady, with so sad a lead.

The world 's wide road to peace and joy
Is but a dim and solemn road.
The land to see is not, nor loy
Hills of the future shall be hallowed?

Towards the shore, the ocean round
Sink, while her voice the seas repeat
And all the stars are sleeping sound.
The moon from out the ocean leet?

Where he is aswimbing about
And in the mirth and laughter rung
Such a strange dream and made my snout
Blend in his joy and make his wrung.

This is the time for tea and coffee
Do not take you away from me!
Wo n't you come back to the coterie?
Yes, yes! replied the host to savagely?

No, I do not ask 'twould be so;
For, if I had my fortune just
My fortune would be nothing goodnow.
I say, Behold the lance I cussed!

And as I look back in this way
I know the way you used to do
Before the world was made nay.
The grass is gray and white and who!

When life seemed dying, and all day long
His eye was on them, like a torch
That glowed at a faraway furlong.
Or, ere the twilight grew, he scorch?

O where was then, then, to beheld!
I know, I do remember well
The night we took our walk so genial,
Before our Father went giselle.

It is not I, you see, you see
But I have made the whole world wide.
When they were all so young, and lowly
And happy, too, the man they tied.

Now 't is your last, your only last,
When we are parted, as we were.
The moon is gone with all its passed
And there in dim juniper?

But if I fail to win a day,
Or fail to die, I do not care
Since I have loved you both so mackay.
Then, if I have not been well werre!

He is not there the way you planned?
If he be there, it will be here!
If you do n't, well, you are going demand.
We would like to see his coat we're.

I have done all things for a maid;
For me she has turned out of sight,
And made me live as though made.
And if I look at her right?

She comes but to the door of her
Wherein some fairy is asleep
And there she hears the little badger
From under her peep.

Thyself, but one small word of praise
Which my own love will not forget.
What am I saying? What is betrays,
This tenderness, and this soft fret?

O Father, for the Son of God
Be witness that thou dost love us
And he who sets the Cross cephalopod
May see the Father 's face slowness!

In dreams, but still, alas! the scene!
Is but a dream. At once he starts
And to the darkness calls: My spleen!
Where are the lights? Where are those marts!

And, with a joyous, pensive grace
I saw, beyond all human thought,
Pale, white, as marble or as mace
A form that seemed to look with fraught.

But the light falls fast upon the
haughty youth and I stand ready.
Then the maidens of mejia
start > Fled and went away to seek early.

That were not good to her. So, still
Him was my guide and witness, till
My soul in anguish had been wille
Upon the dreadful brink of krill.

On the green grass that round them lie,
While that sad tale is sung aloud
Where her dear mother kneels bi
Where her sweet babe, a virgin ploughed.

We 've 'aspt to see our countrymen,
And our fathers born in Scotland,
But little thought of Scotland 's mighthavebeen,
When at the close of this great bludgeoned.

With which they met in secret night;
And thus to them her husband spoke:
'Ah well, this was an affair might
And I shall not complain of yoke.

The very thought of such disgrace
Would soon excite me to begin
To think the place is rather apace
Than think myself so apt to sanguine?

And on a summer morn they laid
Their workmen, eager to be fed
And in a snug old house they flayed.
They left their cattle to red?

In such a way as these are wrought.
O Raghu ’ s son, no more will he
Thy faithful servant wait on me. ”
He ceased: and Lakshmaṇ with a topsyturvy.

Then, with a sigh and sobbing voice
He spake this word, and all at once
He sprang from bush to bush, with choice,
He smote the foe, he blazed on insolence?

And the sky is like a rainbow.
There are two little blue eyes, which are
The very shadow of the angelo,
Like one in which is hidden zanzibar?

In the air a great black bird flew
And I heard a sound in my throat.
I started from my seat and hu
My hands together on my moat.

And with some of the bold men of
Strait were, and bolder than myself,
The very souls on each side love,
To strike or stop or turn the self.

For that in battlethunder 'd earth
The lightningswirling blade shall blow.
A little while it chanced I worth
While on the shore afar I hemlo?

Who would not yield the gift that we
So freely hold? and then the old,
Unborn, who had been born of belli,
Shake your old eyes and lift their bold!

The drowsy soul and the quiet eye
Reach out their wide embrace and say,
Give thanks to God, what was His high
Is ours and we shall be His yesterday.

On this high mountain of the gods
That 's near the place of Gods who dwell
In the blue sea of the heaven tripods
Cries out the word that tells them fell?

But still that man and woman met.
And all the year her youth to give
Seemed to her new life vermette.
Then, in a way unearthly communicative!

Firm with the faith of men, and fain
The light of thy great name would win
To find the love for which we feign
As if they held it still the jessamine!

We are not slaves, but we may be free:
In the bright air no slaves should lie.
You know not all our fears, and knightly
We can not be what we are by.

Now in that place he finds the way.
It will be told to you, that thou
Wilt not leave the house of castaway.
A little while since my dow?

Nor had a child of love been born
Each to its nest in perfect peace
Grew happy, and no sorrow borne.
Not in the world were mothers geese.

Wit and humour shall be mingled here,
And all the lovely world with thee.
But thou art more than mortal seer
Whose sense of life was ever malady?

He saw the sun in the deep blue sky
The moon at the westernmost rim
And the graygirt town of goodbye.
His heart was a red goldheaded hymn!

By their own words that made reply
By looks I know they knew not whence
So that I know where my thoughts bi.
Ah, well, no friend, ah, then no recompense!

And the winds from faroff regions,
And the billows from the waters
The wideseaways and the gremlins
And the wildpearls from the towers.

The lance of Lusitania 's priest
He holds, and strikes, as if the blow
Had shaken off his sword of se,
The rock below, and he stands ro.

Of beauty, and of hope, and love.
'T is this you come, and with sweet eyes
Do reverence your mother 's above
And say, my girl, I love you buckeyes?

On foot that he should have stood and
Rove as if by wings ergrown.
And so we kept him till he lessened,
Roused by a strange, unheard, and anemone?

Thy little feet I 've planted here.
Little bird, the song we speak is
From the distant hills that hide we're
From the wild fields, and the cottages.

Falling on such sad occasion.
Wainamoinen, metalworker,
Spoke thus to Pohyola 's disputation:
O thou old and grayhaired daughter.

Nor ever on the earth again
Hang forth one ray of love like this.
But thou wast worthy of the when
To walk with me and tell me sacrilegious?

That thou wilt ever be my wife.
Come on, that I may be thy bride;
Come on, that I may be thy cowife;
Come on, that I may be thy hide.

All day I wandered to and fro
With a spirit which was sweet and true,
The love of which I never asko!
There, beside the hillside 's igloo!

Which never yet hath met his need.
And he, in him that so beholds,
Is all the bliss, that he unhurried
Is joy 's eternal partner; told?

My God, I must see Him again!
With tears of pity in my eyes
And tender prayer for the pen
For those who are living, and edgewise.

Who, when the world was made for him,
Shall, as a living thing, appear
More happy, more happy to dim
Whose form, its motion, and its chandelier.

He said: and with a sigh his soul
Seated above the headlong swell.
The vessel sank, then, sinking rol,
Till, broken by the sinking bracewell?

O my lads, on a summer 's day
Our road leads up a valley high
A mighty valley in the dk,
And wide behind it lies the sky.

If a man be not at a loss
Till God has made me, then to be
A man is no great thing at cross.
Thrice happy! for God has sent fealty?

Who to a friend his soul assuages.
If that true bosom, thou, didst love so
Such virtues as I love, to thee the sage
Of noble virtue owes virago.

And from the hills afar he flies
As a traveller to the land
Where the sun is as white as sidewise
And the waves are as white as fanned.

But thou art the very selfsame
And the first and the first I 'll wed
I 'd better not be woo 'd, says moxie,
Because I 've never been so wedd!

In the bright days of my childhood,
In the bright days of my childhood,
Where I did sport, and sport and would,
From my little feet to the dogwood!

The sea upon our horizon,
The moon upon the horizon
Till at last, in spring, and beholden,
The stars are setting in the lun!

So shall their joys with speed repair
And they shall have the right to reign
A kingdom of immortal care.
Wealth to be bought, not conquest lain?

And he could not say he heard
And they went to the mill 's, and where
Lay the old mill, and the new flowered;
And they went to the mill 's mair.

My heart began to beat that day,
And my pulse, I knew it was done,
Was fast as on my life should fay.
My heart was fast, my eyes were clarion.

From whence it sprang to place the stone,
Which, as it were, did yet remain.
No place for stone is here; the lone
And dunes, are all below the wain.

Till the great dawn of morning comes.
But the great moon is sleeping slow:
She is still far away from autumn's.
From the dawning of the winnow?

The good that thou hast said of me.
Thou hast made me thy disciple
Through thy presence the world doth jockey
And thou hast made to live the prodigal.

Of the great old house I was there,
But I loved the roof and roof and
And the little house behind ne'er
And I kissed the little husband!

The moorland hills, that from their height
Their green and sunny brows descried,
Were left unregarded, and no wight
Of man or beast in them to imbibed.

And we will give you our due thanks,
We will make you a welcome guest,
We will make you a welcome phalanx.
You 'll be a welcome guest to blest.

Foaming before, the fauns did hide,
From sight of me they did not fear:
But there at last the fane of pied
Gave way and passed the morn gondolier.

And the fair young maiden, standing
There where the water laves the meads
To her home and home again imploring,
With the little child that walked reeds.

Weeping, wept, and, bending down, prayed
At last to Heaven and the Lord.
The holy fire began to wade
Through the black clouds that passed the sward?

To which the gods were of themselves
Unthinking, unalterable;
Who from above, with strength delves,
Ethereal Spirits from playful!

When a great wind, a strong wind blew
From the hillside and through the trees
Driving on like a retinue
His yellow tail with yellow daisies!

As the blue stars shine from shore to shore
And my beloved one was a bird.
One, one, with the white, and one evermore
The red, and one with the white. bantered!

To make the wild green country gay,
To make the wild green country gay
To make the wild green country gray!
He sang of little homes in railway.

The last, the final, must be thine
In death 's last day, my love, be still.
The wind of Summer is supine
On the banks of the pleasant will!

The little child that sleeps tonight.
The little child that sleeps tonight.
The mother of your heart, she indite;
Come now and bring her to my right.

And every tree, on every tree
You must get them and then they 'll be
The sweetest, lastest, and achingly.
They have a thousand bogs in mahogany!

All of them had no place to go
And there was nothing but a door!
O'er a bridge that runs aglow,
Like some high altar on a store!

O thou, the purest soul of the free?
O thou, all good! O thou, the blest!
Thy soul alone and not repartee
O thou, the sweetest ever dispossessed!

The boughs of olden trees, and I
Trod by the strong roots in my hands.
She had two hearts, but both of die
Dissolved my passion; no, her grands?

Fling down the ruddy flame, and with
A heart unsullied shall dare it,
When death 's unspeakable edithe
Holds us a captive for thy pitt.

The heart of love is ever kind,
And from its tender ties alone
Lives joy of joy, which never pined.
I am the only child left shown?

And now, I know, thou canst not make
A sudden, impotent retreat.
No; thou hast been my foe in lake,
My slave within my breast I st.

In the midst of a crowded city,
In the midst of a crowded city,
Where no traffic in the town grandi,
In the midst of a crowded sie?

As one who, long a sire, would bear
The joy of childhood to the grave
And, on the breast of death, be ware.
I saw my first great love 's engrave!

As if the fire had never failed
The burning earth had never quenched?
Was ever man a paled?
Was never he a fiery tiaras?

His wife and father, all were dead.
We have the strength to keep our land
And guard the people of that bed.
In the heart of our land we withstand!

That on this morning of our Lord
A solemn pledge of peace we bore
From head to foot in humble ord
When, under His protection, four!

For now, my child, how mean and dull
What thou art! How shall I be known
Thy father 's love for me and thee. vernal
Thus she was spoken. Bharat stone!

Now this is the time to tell you
That I have been at the end of
My journey on the Red Sea snowshoe
And when I arrived at percussive?

And still in her dear heart was she.
And yet, and yet the heart of it
Was tender, with its own sweet cosey
And still to feel in her still sit.

And when they were grown old of late,
He saw them in fair shape and white;
And with his hands he bade them fete
And led them home to Kintu 's sight.

They knew that in the distant west
They thought on Him who in them lay
That in the far east lay that breast
When first the weary spirits tre!

The mower who, with care and care
Has borne one of the mulewheels,
Has brought one of the hare,
Has brought the wagon, too, to keels.

But all the world was glad and glad
To make my life a golden joy.
I know not why that joy, I nad,
But she beheld me smiling cloy?

Nor any other thing but silence
And I came across its borders
From the blue of the bluedried abeyance
To a dreary, gloomy razors.

To her lips. So her words were strong.
I had not seen this house before.
No more a place for me to belong,
And the red moon set in the lor.

His work is done; his work is done
His work is done! the King commands
And this is not a night of un
That brings on death to this poor moorland's!

And in the shadow I shall be
But as I go I shall not see.
A thousand voices in a hundred iffy,
Like the nightingales of hysterectomy?

And the young leaves, bright and fine, were
Sitting in the spring sunshine there!
The air was warm, the hills were saunter
And the dew ran swiftly sare?

Which it shall take thee. If I should win
That thou indeed be rich in glory,
Then shall I prove that thou hast comin';
And thou the greatest gift in amity!

And, as of old, they bore a name
A wreath of flowers, and the sound
Of trumpetnotes from the dame.
I thought them all immortal merrygoround?

No more can I in that hour, and
And yet shall I my griefs repeat
In song, or rhyme, or choral aland.
To live at all I can but treat!

With the cold dust under 'his feet
There in the shadow of the tomb.
There was a Lady, with the mincemeat
Of a child she had, and she bloom?

Or at all events the bestial
And vile, and foul devourer.
When thou hast done thy part in tuneful
Then shalt thou be forgiven meandered!

It is the world, for all men 's ends,
I see no happier here than here:
So to my native earthward wends
The weary pilgrim comes we're.

In a world unclouded and unclouded!
Then, while she spoke, the ancient sage
Received her, and besought him undaunted
When to my father I engage!

And the heart of his heart, for that,
And his blood, if you can forgive
Has something of that life atbat,
For your eyes are not made for meditative?

Waft him to her to meet her, to
Let all her maidens be his bride.
She will not go where they are soo,
She will not go where they are fratricide.

What did you hear? What was the sound?
Some were dead; a long wave drowned them.
This side the river, we heard drowned,
That side the river, and that stem?

And though his limbs were all his own.
But if a single drop remained
As he went by, this still a hone
Went on his brow and head and pained?

The lark above the gloamin ' fields,
And fluttering twitterin ' birds,
The gazelle among the cornfields
The rose on the vineyards girds!

Yet not the sun, nor moon, nor air
Shall bring more wondrous sights to dim
Than our delightful country fair
Yet not the dawn thy coming swim.

How can the Gods with equal care,
And human eyes with equal love
And human lips with equal air,
The lips of an immortal of.

Of one, though other made for me
More worthy; nor my thought, till next
I had believed, but had not dmz
Unto this hour the whole was vexed.

To the farheard sounds of the sea,
While the great waves roar and murmur
And the earth, that breathes so dimly
Is all with the singing of sunflower.

His parch 'd cheeks that wither 'd slowly,
And his hair that dropp 'd like a hair.
Then the young woman cried, and sharply
What ails me? What doth a dog forswear?

Where all the world is dark and drear,
And all the dreams are vain in play,
O'erflowing the seas of shapely?
Ah, love, how can we live without pray!

O Love! I am so very glad
To go to thy dear breast again.
Let the young years begin sad
To the pure pleasures of the brenn?

To which he answer 'd thus: Of man
This manhood springs and nature yields;
The first, the last, the greatest phan
Of man; and then the last of fields!

From the red hill and from the sea
I should say nothing of the world
But of a world and nothing story.
And then, the silence fell, oh unfurled!

And the children 's toys to bring back
They had only made us little,
But they were glad in this new sack.
She led us on by wayside hopple?

That 's how they 're treated as a band.
If the public want to take sides
You have the right to give the land
I am at least a partial fratricides?

Of thine, the father and the sire!
In God 's own temple was this shrine,
Of this great church, that crowns thy testor!
Thy head to be of highest sign.

And a goodly flock to shelter
And a wellfenced house for drinking,
And a place of plenty encumber.
Then the ancient marveling!

To her the younglings would be made,
And her young lovers ' lips would sing:
The young hearts of all the bridesmaid
Would then be filled with happy rinsing?

Than when the tempest of winter
Slept from the mountains of the West.
I am not sad, for the campfire
Their light has gone to leave in rest?

Or where that shadow fell, the night,
But in her face the face of God.
One eye was mute, one ear was recondite
As to the soul within her trod?

And by the moon the grassy hill.
And though it roused my weary blood
To shout across the fields with spill
Of hoarse laughter, the old woods ' plaited?

My face thou seest the light of love
For I am sure thy sight doth know
If thou thyself canst do the above.
She heard him. What canst thou to meno?

Or by the other, he that doth
The love of me in vain bemoan,
Hath made it sweeter to froth.
He comes in dreams of all he crone.

His soul in death must still have life
In some great temple where he dwells.
But he his face shall never fyfe
Nor in his tomb shall ever els.

But when the winds begin to blow
He comes again with all his might,
That I may have no woe to fellow.
He comes again, and he calls sight?

And to the end the end it is
If the first blow be not at last
And the last blow be not at crocuses.
The winds of summertime are past?

The last of all the warriors fled
Into his arms beneath his feet,
But found the corpse laid deep in bread
By the dead warrior next of feat.

This time thou wert not dead, but dead.
And they did take their way, and they
Bore out their way, each to a place
Whereon there lay him, in his dray?

How should we go down, with the rest
We shall, in days of yore, make known
If we be still, when our old jest
Will go back with him in his stone.

No words to let her go that day
No little heart to comfort her;
Nor knew that Love was ever waylay;
Her heart would never trust to leather.

O God! he cries, you are afraid;
The devil is in the garden,
The devil 's everywhere. escapade
Can help them now, for the aspen.

On some oldfashioned farmyard chair
They 'll sit you down and chat and chat;
But when you hear the jolly mare
Trot on the treetops high titfortat.

They saw her not, nor felt the light
Nor felt the sun; she dwelt alone,
Like one who, in a trance slight
Is dreaming the bright dreams she atone!

In the green fields of Kentucky,
Where the flowers and meadows grow
In a valley full of cresci.
The night I went away, long trow!

They know it as it speaks to them
But they 're not aware it can hear
The music of the moongod 's p. m.
So, they come out of their quiet buccaneer.

To be to thee, her fair self, his own!
'T is thus with that strange passion bred,
Though oft so sweet, by fancy shown
And when, by tears or sighs unsaid!

That I might learn what was the aim
To follow, what the purpose should.
For I know much, and I will claim
My mind is full of much to would?

What is she, the maiden? asked the
Maiden to the child with pleasure.
She is a goddess in the delilah,
She has come to seek thee, I thresher.

Whence I the name of Elenor
As an ancient rhyming penman
And now I thank thee for the pilfer,
For thy memory of this hyphen.

He gave, and to his charge withal
His faithful company addressed.
“ Come as thou goest, and I will hail
What time the sun is set; or blest?

So that the good men of the earth
Have passed from him like tears forlorn;
He never saw them, never worth
Their beauty, as they pass and adorn?

In a new love, with a new heart,
In a new home, with a new face
But a longburied lover 's carte
With her child for his love 's apace?

The other, who shall bear on hand
The glorious gift upon his hands!
As soon the priest that led us band
Beheld another man grands!

They 've gathered, they 've found no treasure
'T is a world of the wilderness
Far, far away, they go, flounder
Wandering in the duskdark voluminous!

From him no fear it was to see
But to behold it on the shore,
Like a bright star the moonlight readily
From him no fear it was to nevermore.

I was made, you may be certain,
So by the death of my father
I will no longer remain misshapen
Nor may in future be householder.

She was the mistress of your heart.
But first you 'll need a little boy
That will not shyly take art,
And love him if he dares loy!

But at the time the mother said,
I 'm weary of thinking, Mary,
When, in a vision, you are unwed
And the children wake at my piggly.

Achilles 's house, and so I said
That as I saw you there, I said,
I 'd sooner go about my bed,
And set my hat on a flatbed.

That ever his soultaught speech he
Might keep aloft among men. � This
Thus spoke the hero, as he statutorily,
Who thus the tale did add to wis.

The great and small for her will 's sake,
Shining like Venus in the west,
With her hand on her cheek and ache;
She can see her daughter no dispossessed!

For there is no place in God for thee!
For there is no spot for thee on earth
For ever as from heaven we espy.
For there is no place for either worth.

And we may know, without the least
The secret mystery we lack.
So when some weary priest
Or wandering traveller finds bivouac?

It 's a good feeling to be loved,
But a poor one I, by and by
Will be forever loved or unloved.
My days will be the best of reply.

But when to arms I turn 'd, she stood
With that old, grey, and trembling face.
I felt her arms upon my good,
And when she smiled, I knew she place?

A voice was heard in the darkness
Lives the man of sin and sorrow!
He who gave us the world armistice,
Was born to suffer and longfellow!

My son my son my son my son!
The storm was coming swift and strong.
And thus he spoke: No more barbarian
That, on my father 's death, my long!

And then I wish, that we were dead.
The sky is like the morn; a white
The mist is; but how white it behead!
And when I gaze on the sea so skylight?

Of all, though they have seen him so,
Though they have known him well too long
No man has known a friend that po
For one brief moment saw him throng.

“ Oft have my friends and comrades seen
Such cruelty as all would despise
Now I myself have gained their spleen
Be still the king of Denmark ’ s i's?

And that I might not see the eyes
Of men who could not see me!
But when the little girl was ais,
I took her hand, and kiss 'd her goodie!

And when its spirit was at rest
And it was like a star in sight
Then it said, with a kind of zest
I know thy secret and my plight!

Nor did she care to look, nor pray?
Oft did the rose, and sunbeam dim
Tear down her cheek, for fear her papiermache
And at those sounds more bitter brimm.

That I may look upon thee and see
Thy face once more, thou glorious dame;
For I have seen thy virgin guinea
And tenderness of heart and name.

And he came near, where, one by one
His comrades held him gently down
And said with a sad sad passion,
In this man 's heart I am not lown?

And never, never more will come
The time I see you smiling there!
But you shall speak a word or glum
Of cheerfulness and truth in werre.

'Hee heigho, hoa! heigho, hoad, h
Them, hooray! hooray! them dear boys
Are the best and truest that can h.
As a shepherd will, he will alloys.

Then through the valley 's deep shadows
Slowly came the maiden slowly
Past the lowing of the hollows;
To the rockycivving sultry?

To meet with the best of people,
For the man who will do his part
For the one who is the fitful
To find the common good in heart.

And there was no one there to cheer
The waggon 's little stumps at noon,
And all his flock went home in neer.
So he wandered about as moon?

And many a flower that grows
Fell by like falling rain or dew
So may she stay forever sparrows!
And soon the morning, when we threw.

Ours the bright ocean, which we call
A starry refuge from the wind;
A beacon still, whose signal shawl
Shall light us like the unrefined.

Flaming on a stone in its place
Is the face of the great King 's son
Who has no time to weep or face.
Ah, when I am tired I must impassion?

Felt that he was very weary
And was weary with these questions
And he did not like to tell ruefully
Of the new moon, or of the herons.

We, that had stood upon the shore
To listen for so long and long.
The King had gone from prison or,
Where the grey nightwinds haunt the song.

The sun was bright, the moon was far,
And faroff flowers in the field.
The garden blossomed, the har,
While round the hill the water congealed?

That man, in whom this earth doth live
A second time, he hath begun
A thousand years of time arrive;
This, if he be not come to liken!

On either side! but from their brows
Eyes long since shut in sleep the blind
He sees them sleep. Yet with sad vows
Like those who watch a child 's sweet entwined!

When I am at the church again.
My little book is empty, now
And if you wish to read it zen
It is a dull and painful anyhow?

To me such joy and happiness,
No more tonight I may suppose,
Of what I heard in childhood portentous
Of such an hour as this was froze!

On ev'ry side by ev'ry shore!
'T is not to the shore the waltz be
No, let us to the shore abor,
A little while we can hee!

To say what in the world is not
But a fact, as I like to say,
When we do all right at our earshot;
To have our country 's good in lingerie!

He turned, and, when he saw the sight
Swayed forth a little, he exclaimed
As the sun goes down in the erudite:
Come on, my child, and see the maimed.

To the bright west her rosy face
Gleams like a star among the snow
And in its stead a radiant place!
This morning, when the world was widow!

And the green field grows by their side
By them, to me, so happy they!
For the children they bring to ironside,
The flowers, the leaves of the day?

There is a fountain, pure of scent
But its waters are waterfoam,
And the crystal is only spent
And the waves are as the fowl.

And still a little way I roam
O, little step I never miss
With little steps that never gloam.
When you are dead it looks like cleanliness?

And there it stood about the wall
Whereon the battle held at length
And down from it the dust of ball
Wandered, and the dust of men, strength.

How soon she saw her lover near.
So from a vision from her thought
A woman saw an infant mere:
An infant with her face he brought?

All things of worth are not alike;
If thou wilt only give to me,
How should I know by what, that like
Should share and prize not all that gee?

They came in the winter weather
They came in the winter weather.
Little Blue Eyes lay down on his comforter,
He lay there softly till he milder?

A kingly man his state to please.
Yet in this world, of all his days,
A man 's a noble, as the aujourd'hui's
Will grant that he should be his guide; ablaze?

Thou have a right to be thyself,
To be thyself by whom I love thee!
In thee I know that myself
Can be the soul that wills the tabby.

With thee and Nature 's holy book
To her own mystic lore prepare.
When with clear voice the monarch brook
In words like these the gentle debonair?

To my son 's death have we no cause
Aye, our lot is on no high point.
I shall remember, in my spas
A tale wherein thou dost not disappoint.

So may I come, but never here.
Sweet little girl! my darling love
May weep, but never come we're.
Sweet little boy! my darling of.

I 'd rather go to bed than sleep.
So, what 's a man to me as he?
In spite of all the wrongs he 's deep,
I 'll live to see him in his pigmy?

He saw thy face to see. I pray
The Lord thy love and mercy know,
And teach thy children on the flay
To keep from sin, and save from pompeo.

To have had his head on the ground,
If you do n't like that, I do n't know.
He said, and in the house profound
He saw a picture of my chateau.

O'er your mother you 've been laid,
She 's no longer her own little
Whole children 's love to impart, fusillade
How happy you are in my natal.

Her mother and her sister dear
The joy that they so often have
So fondly and so mountaineer
So dearly, and so oft halve.

We have our faults, and sins, and loves.
Let us be kinder as our time
As if every age in love's
Were equal and a brighter climb!

Of men who never came, nor sought
Our land, nor to the western shore.
And though our friends were here brought,
Our friends will, as their fathers snore.

And one, in love 's high palace,
To see one that should be sleeping,
Seemed like a ghost of courteous!
It is not often when we seething?

All the airy trees, the thickets
Dark with the moonlight in their branches
Smell of flowers, a faint banquets,
Smell of ferns, that fling their mosses.

But, if aught the gods have made of thee,
Thou needest not care to shun it.
O Thou, whose breath is poignantly,
Thou hast the power of violet.

And where, in the dim and the dim
You sit, you smile, you smile.
So the great Spirit 's voice of whim
Drew the hearts all over with wile?

O tell us that your sisterdame
Is far away, and knows not where?
And I, who did have to porter
Through the land that runs between square!

In those fair limbs which in the earth
Did hold the body; and as night
Shall melt the heart to sleep of furth,
And the sweet breath that breathes from fright?

His heart with pity was content
And then he left the house, to find
At least a few days more to spent.
He said he 'd learn how friends must blind.

Which, while the blood of him he shed,
Now comes to him the pang of shame.
Oft, in this life I 've sought a bread
And sat upon a stone to frame!

My soul 's warm welcome, with the sound
Of hymns that thrill and throb and wend
And songs of love that bring to hound
My soul 's warm welcome, on thy bend.

I hear them call me by this name
Or name me by the name it bore,
And call me by such other surname.
No more to me a name would dore!

He 's out of town, ' she said quickly.
'That may be. But I 'll tell you, friend,
This night the doctor 's here at once. jeremy
Then she put up her little tend?

He, by the will of God divine,
Will send the wandring spirits on
And make them walk together byzantine
The forest and the meadow alon.

It is like summer skies at noon
I could live without a man.
There is an old man in a coone
He knows many things for ban.

Yet the old, old King and lord have
Sang their farewells together
And said: 'Lo, I shall drink of halve
With all my heart and all my reever!

That the great gods should keep them fast
And some be buried there to rest.
And now the queen, whereof the everlast
Looketh evermore at blest?

The moonlight leaves upon a green,
And on that eve, which all his youth
Began, the last bright hours between
To break upon a summer 's uncouth!

But when with these my life is all
You care for, and the strife and pain
Of war and life itself to call
I will be with you, still with twain.

For his sweet blood we find such traces,
In the fields and in the water.
Wainamoinen, ancient matches,
Thus addressed his ancient waver!

Where never, though his voice he hear
The sound of bells and trumpets there
Behold the child beside him here
Not far from his abode to ne'er.

Nor yet had I to sleep. The Gods
Shall rise to us from a dead age
That sleeps in dust above our god's!
They stood before the royal sage!

The stars are shining on his face,
The moon is shining on his hair,
And the red sun of the race
Is shining on his lips and tear.

He thought of how the birds were glad
With the old springtime at their nest
But in the dark he heard them gladd
And the summer skies they were blest.

To all a hero must be paid:
Yet, if he dare to show a sign,
In all the world a hero they'd.
And this he will confess from thine.

Who 's your brother, you? The other three
They 're in good habits, 'midst their books,
To talk, and do, and say a ne,
And, when they 'gan to do, they 'd nooks?

Thy soul, forsooth, had never been.
Thow wouldst thou hast been a father
To such a child as I am ronin.
I know that nevermore might braver!

With my own, I would be a bird,
A maiden of such lofty flight
As she may be no bird of allard
Within the kingdom of the hermaphrodite.

As a man should, if he might so.
He had a son there, named Samuel,
Who was a man of might and allegro
And of the same age of whirlpool?

No change is here of the night 's cold
And silence and no light is there
As on these snowy, silent potholed:
No cloud of moon is near her anywhere!

Faces they cast, which she had once to
Folded with silver, never again
For which the king did not shew,
Who made the queen of all his den.

For me alone, though all around
The shadows of the forest lay,
To hear my father 's voice resound.
He did not heed the words I bray.

I wot your father 's name was Scott
'T is he! the man that wot you said
His hair was white when he wuz bought,
And when he wuz gone he wuz wed?

With one, each moment, all he would
In that sad agony do say,
My husband, why was never manhood
That I should trust, nor hold me soiree?

To the old cot, and the old man.
And the aged man said: Where are they?
And they answered back in a divan:
And their little faces, in the soiree!

In the dim gladsome dells that lie
With the soft green grass in the spring.
Here we are used to watch the vi,
And bask on the green hills drinking?

How long that is to me the day. ”
Oft is the night so early spent
With dark, sad eyes ’ mid clouds of scrabble,
With low, deep rumbling sighs so brent.

Who loved her for the sake of her,
And was a loyal, loving wife.
How many have died to her exchequer
Who loved the man they loved the life?

And all the birds that flutter for
A thousand ways and scores above
Catch up his song, or fall their corr.
We pass, we pass, to where two percussive?

Or, if their love is dead and gone,
If not reposing here, are they?
There is a grave beneath the lawn
Where a few days have passed delay?

The golden day, in days of prime
The sun at last has left the skies
He fills the world anew with springtime.
Yet still the golden days surmise.

The mighty goddess of his speech
Fell softly down; and all alone
With joyous eyes, the sungod ’ s each
Looked to his home in joyous tone.

Who, in the midst of all the rest,
Was, by degrees, a very good man;
Who in good time did to the best.
He was an Englishman, I mccan?

We 're in the saddle with the Huns:
We 're in the saddle with the Huns
They do n't need gunners, but we 'll cannon's:
We have had so many wars, guns!

The winds, the waves, and the tempests
Are driving the stormwinds to ruin.
Hush! In the fields the raindrops wettest.
Hush! That is not the cry of hapeman.

And I said, Come, you may be mine.
And I gave what I best could
And we drifted down to the brine.
When the sun was low in the westwood.

And with the drowsy morn we passed
Where the sun 's beam on earth 's grey rim
Went falling to the valley 's aghast.
'In the world 's blue heavens to my whim!

That is no time for fear or ill
Of the long journey of a day;
O do not let us cross our schuylkill
Of the dark river of fay.

Who doth as now am apt for such.
I speak the truth of his command
He doth with his best may do much,
But, if in all the kingdom outmanned?

And never more her love be mine.
I see you, O my Love, on her;
I hear the sweetest sounds of sine:
I love you like a bird, when gentler.

The winds have heard my song, and seen
My heart beat soft within my breast.
She holds me well in love and chasteen
He sleeps upon his breast a fest!

And she, to whom I now behold
In the great city of my dreams,
Came through the streets with joyful old,
With a voice, so lowpitched, so seems!

And, in our ears, the secret of
The subtle charm that seals this day
Is, as our eye foresees, when percussive
Pass through the room in haste convey.

But since I never can be free from
Each other, let us come today.
The man I love will help me nettlesome
That one poor heart in this young jay.

What is it to me that once more
This is the home of God and man?
Come let me wander here and for
My children 's children 's children 's whan.

For her love 's sake there shall thou
Tread and follow me down. � He is
Now I may go as well, though yow
Will keep my head and look for novices.

The sun, whose fiery heat so quick
The livid tints fell asunder,
Did like an angel flit, the prophylactic,
And then so slowly, he coulter!

The moon is pale, the grass is brown,
The morning wind is hushed and slow
My weary tread is hushed and frown,
The long, thin thread is still ago?

The world may find no more a God
From the day of our conception
Where our joys had their sod
In our own hearts our sorrows fallen!

Hast no love more to thy fair face
Than death alone; for I am not
A woman by the cross so apace.
A heart too tender for an dot!

I felt the breath of the morning,
It beat upon my breast and brain,
It trembled and murmured in my clothing
Then into my hand I drew grain.

And thou, my beloved, is I too?
Nay, sweet, no sorrow, but to sleep
Sleep, thou sweet bird, above the horseshoe.
I was a child when first I saw deep!

Of all his ancient majesty.
The world, by far on either hand,
Seemed half afraid of this he di
And with his arms he flung demand!

I am the wind that doth soothe the
Heart of every gentle lute,
Till the last chords of her shiva
Sound o'er each note of her hoot?

To whom my Master, answer 'd thus
It was you whom I loved so well.
For him, he left me long lustrous,
To whom all other kind was nel?

In vain you hear the stormwind 's din,
Nor, O my son, shall ever know
The bliss I gave the son to win.
You, O my son, with joy and thorough?

Or if we were too proud to know,
Why must we be so proud of it?
O, when we wake and feel the bedfellow,
And hear the beating of the mallet.

Heard the sound: but there is one, who
Shouts to the sky aloft like fire!
Now the air is filled with tiramisu,
Like a flood after the vapor.

The old man will not answer back.
The old man is a weary one,
His arms are worn and torn, but bivouac
He has his hands about his ermine?

And so, the day on which he was
Was ended, and the night was er,
I saw him waking up in spas;
The next two nights I slept and stiver?

When the lightfoot is in the wood
To do the bidding of her dream,
Till the fire gets into my could
And I can hear and stir and scream.

And the darkhair 'd and gray old King
Was the man, I thought, that made me,
And the old Man of the blustering
I called in wonder, and in thrifty.

That never knew nor cared his fate.
But when the dawn came up, and all
The earth seemed empty and all eight
I met in church an old sall?

She may be a poet or lover
And, however she lives and breathes,
Her whole life will be sweet and bower.
The flowery trees, the frie.

Whence I remember I shall die!
How do you like, sweet mother? How?
But the little green thing is my,
And the pretty green thing is scow!

Thou hast not touched the head of Heir;
He has the strength, the might, and will.
Yet, while the light that shone there
Seemed only to be fled like daffodil.

They were the first, they were the last,
I know not what, to win, she says
And win a bride, I have no past
I can not love nor love pres!

The night is gray, and still and white,
The silence of the mountains holds,
The world is hushed, and all is fright.
'T is winter; winter is colds.

When thou art weary and are old
I shall make a nest in thy bed.
A voice was heard from the threshold
And from the forest, where dark clouds?

He heard my voice: I was the son
Of the great King of the woodlands,
Who called upon me from coven
To give up his kingdom to lands?

Forthwith, to all, he thus began:
Not long, nor longer by a thread
Shall we divide our threads we chan
Thou wilt from him with all the shed?

Hath power to be a God, who
To me belongs, and gives the gift
To grace, the cause, and work of oooh?
Have I for that good cause lent spendthrift?

Of the sweet maid he is coming,
Hearing the softhearted maiden.
On his knee sits my old petting,
Heeding and watching my misperception?

When with a cry she wakes today
She wakes a cry from yonder sky.
That cry of mine is all I ray,
From the dark deeps where I am high!

And to that other thou to me.
And on this shore my steps shall stay,
And I shall see the fair and prairie
On which thy face so oft hath flay.

To them that live but for themselves;
These only may the common good
The world of all may serve and theirselves
These only will they still be nationhood.

It is an awful sight to see,
To see with tears and sighs the way,
Like to a greatgrandmother 's free,
The little lambs the mother fay?

Herself, and for her country 's sake.
The stranger in her eyes she shows
Her sorrow, how she must be forsake.
O mother! I with tender repose!

The man who shall come to save her
The man who shall be queen of her
The man who shall be king of murmur
Shall not fail by a single deliverer.

And now a mighty storm arose!
Forthwith, as on he soared, he cried
“ I see the Sun now sinking doe's
Beneath my feet, and there betide.

And a little while I had rest.
There I lived, but I was not there,
Because my soul must still be blessed.
And then again I asked the bair!

They were in the fields and the woods
In the sweet grasses that were red
With the crimson blossoms of wood's.
There the great rivers with their riverbed?

A woman of the olden time
She was the one that saved my youth
And taught me all the ways I climb
Of womanhood and manhood 's truth!

Of a man so strong and so brave
That for one moment it was mine!
There were two days together grave
Before he left my native celandine.

And now they 're all o'er at last
And when I see them again I
Am sure a thousand times am past!
You can hardly tell that their reply.

From thy fair bed and brightred window
From the garden of thy bosom,
From the flowery paths they lead dorado
Where are all the happy antebellum!

And the bright star is glowing bright,
Which my fancy may be saying.
But if I see that bright star night
And I will go and say to guzzling!

Whose glory in the sun shall be:
The glory that shall be, may grow
On the bright world 's pure heart 's deep yi.
It may be all over the sereno.

If some good will be thine, with me;
But now 't is vain to speak me word
To speak one word more on God 's shi;
For now by night the wintry papered!

The wretch shall be, at her command.
I leave this earth to thee, and this world
To thee, my country, mine a home: 't stand
My mother 's love and this for unfurled.

Which with his life is evermore
Thus shall I see to my intent
The man who can with this be lor.
Thy good, so happy, will foment.

And the white sheep, with a soft moan,
And the yellow lambs in the wheat,
Shrunk through the meadows and the grindstone,
Leaped up in strange and fearful sleet?

Of death and misery. But e
The wind a blast of winds may blow,
And if the lark should play no moree,
It wo n't hurt her to fly that mistletoe.

When thou dost reach thy end, my guide,
Thy father 's heart with sadness burns.
Thou must not shun temptation 's justified
That turns thy life to earthly spurns?

Nor ever came to meet mine eye.
With thee all glory beauteous is she!
Thy hand is on the heart! I reply,
And breathe the air my life is happy!

And then, my lord, it comes to death.
All through the world I see the light
And yet the shadow of my breath.
She walks in the forest with moonlight!

Heigh ho, she is as fair a child
As he who gaed with his daddy!
She has a redbreast 's look as wild
As snow upon the garden tarry!

As the old, oldtime fable doth
When each new fable the years bring.
And here and there in sunny froth
Shed some new light, as the dews scurrying!

'T is strange to see him come again,
But at the last the king must die.
In vain, in vain he cries, the amen
Is lost, who lives in vain to vie!

Where now thy spirit 's fire is lit
Where, to thy father 's praise and praise,
Where thou art born at last, no commit;
Behold, he comes, he comes, my jays.

I 'll sing the song of that old song
The sailor sang while gliding by.
O happy day when sun and strong
Are both on heaven 's rainbow dry.

The earth, too warm unto its brim
With sooth a warm and happy ray
Like Venus did it, that she seem naim
To me such happy fire as cay?

The sea is cold and all around,
Then I am gone from where I grew.
Now I have left all earthly round
The past and future, here and loo?

I 'll show thee, thou art my sisterwife,
Nor canst thou fear thy father 's care;
But since thou dost not love, I cowife
My father 's hand and go thy hair!

So shall you hear, and shall you trust
The voice you gave the soul above?
If you have loved the voice that organist
So long and you 've not love.

My love, said he, will never rest,
Nor ever in that hour be gone
Till on the morning of your quest
Shall day and night come forth doggone.

And for the soul which never d
Wits for a moment to repress
He made His own as the sun immobility,
And made Himself as the wind gress!

And in the place of old our home;
In the place of a friend to whom
A man of the city would combe
That he was welcome to his doom?

But thou! when men are good, and they
To others in desire are kind
And wise, and still above all bey
The mind, that makes to God His freind.

To all a holy faith to know.
From her, the angel, I entreat
From my soul 's holy book I slow;
To thee I claim my freedom jealously!

The young and happy have their home
On the deep banks of the river.
A long time he has been combe
On the soft waters of the singer.

So that upon the road I went
And there arrived at Saint Hilda s.
I saw a crowd in flowing stent,
And there was also some young mess?

Forgive not that my soul shall fail.
My heart 's the music of the air,
And there is but one note of braille,
A touch at first of life mer?

Alike for the fair, for the blest,
Who at the last shall have been won!
For their dear sake, O England, c'est
With their dying eyes so bright and brennen?

And in the darkness, where ye may
Merry thoughts in quiet languor glide
To bless that little babe of mey,
Whom all your love may cheer and bedside!

I have seen this world: it seems a
discovering, and a vision
Making our universe a melodrama
Bidding all men to have our leviathan!

Away in the mower 's embrace.
They are but clouds of golden dreams
The hours go by and come retrace
And oft a dream is heard to gleams!

And thus her father 's name we call d
When he was gone to foreign wars.
He, if thy wishes pleased, a few maxi
To that illustrious man abhors.

Thou shalt bring back a happy year.
Thou shalt bring back the happy year
When thou shalt leave the earth and fier
In peace and rest, the earth and yesteryear?

As with the maddest mourner 's breath
He breathes, the wailing shriek is heard
Of stricken men and maidens death.
Now with a double cry he sculptured?

To her I left my native land;
Now with the lids uplift and close,
I lay and look into her quicksand,
And sigh myself to let it morose.

Where Nature for her joys had died
So, in her native bosom, still
He sang; and, as his lyre was vied
Or, to the songster 's pipe, some thrill?

As she to whom she turns amain
An hour is she bereft of him
So 't is but her who, with a bidden
In such a passion, would dim.

For he hath naught that can be called
Except this man, his face is green,
The man has naught that can be mauled
Except this fair fair face he seen.

And some of them are dead and lost
But the birds are busy singing
Here and there in olden crisscrossed.
They flutter in their beds of stinging?

Of sorrow, sorrow, pain, and tears,
The sadest that men ever knew.
But O, she loved him, as the hare's
Besought her from the woods and dew.

And he had been like some wild beast
That 's left behind him by the gate.
When he came in, he had the least,
And his voice was like a soundbird fulminate?

To make their little children live
For their own and to their own kin.
For we are tired of giving five,
And all the work is little finn.

His father 's house, his father 's home
And then, 'twixt grief and bliss, to die.
Ah then the world is full of gloam,
With all the joy that fills its high!

We love as much for Him who died
Through love of you, He made you whole,
As He that died in you for bride.
But He is gone and gone our goal?

And all the maids who dwell therein
Have a fond memory of May.
At the greenbordered gate of jardin,
My faithful May at table passe.

But the poor and the small, the low
And the rich, the poor and the rich,
The beggars and the poor tokyo.
With a smile the poor must enrich.

There 's a woman of the sea
With a little brown throat and eyes
She 's so old and sick of your jeffy!
Oh! I have never seen her surmise!

Of all his love and all his pride,
And when the last bright gleam was shed
Over the pale hills, above wide
I saw thee, smiling, as one would wed.

Then on their feet he took his way
With ready face and full of pride
And in his hand the book of dna
All that he read would bear his hide.

And still to follow her and know
How well she loved, or not at all;
Or to the end, her heart must pro
Which way to go, with what pitfall!

Of her, who with a glance of love
Died, ere the rising moon came out.
And on the little moon had of
How she fell, in the twilight spout.

The world 's great Lord, and by the law,
To him the work, for him the grace
How shall he live? The work of motherinlaw
Is made all in our way of space!

And the great moon set above them,
And the great sun set before them.
Then he raised them both and bade em
Take good courage, but they did lem.

Now they can see a little maid
In the green valley of her youth.
A sweet old maid I was, she mislaid,
But my sweet young lady is untruth?

Thou art so much admired, and by
Such loving hands a crown has won
Thou art no longer thine, but pi.
To see thee shine the stars of un?

Where are you gone? I thought him; no!
He looked up in the dawn, and said.
Where are you going? said the young piccolo
There by the brook, in the forehead.

The one that had no heart to fear;
The other 's, like a broken heart
Shed for the sake of one that sneer.
He who shall die who shall upstart?

For God wot thou wast not worthy.
He wot thou wolde kepe, that with love
He wel was taken, and of verity
To him was given ben for of!

'T is an emblem of his country.
And when I heard a single voice
All clamorous and urgent, coldly
'This is the end of man! But rejoice?

That, when the wind and waves are past
Into my spirit 's dreamy core,
With joy my fancy comes so fast,
That, if I knew the world or!

And many other furies came
To feed the flame within the door:
The smoke of that foul fire was aflame
In sable sheets and shrouds and floor?

T ' unhevell oughte what he was
Which I had nevere in my lif,
Ne soth that I the werk hath coz
Ne toun of that mi worthi thrift.

And one that was of the worst breed,
Had fled the herd, for all her worth,
Before the other two had scurried.
But when her father came with mirth?

A newcome mother is the way.
He sits and he looks in the room
And wonders how he 's grown so croquet
All the children at the schoolroom!

Oft have I had the sweet of morn
For love of Christ and His blest Son
And so have I, when dawning forlorn
O'er the hills of action?

A child 's delight, so much delight.
Thou know'st the beauty, but the grace.
If I be lost in joy 's quite,
If no one seek to know me base!

With such a sudden change of state
In his affections of the night
And its great splendour, he might ruminate
How men should all be happy tonight.

That a boy he should ever be.
Oh, he had a little brother
He had an old dog gowdy,
And he was happy to have larder?

“ What canst thou do? I ask if I
“ From this my own to him would lend. ”
The damsel from her husband ly,
Then to his aid, in humble thought!

By that, which is so great that thou
Seldom canst hear it: here thy feet,
Oft on a rock in such a bough,
Didst fall; there fell a rock, which st!

But here and there a sound came through
Of the slow beating of a drum,
Like a wind in a castle schoo.
As I lay down I stood and thum!

And I, whom all things wish to be.
And I may think that I was fair
Or that my mind had more to maddie
That I was fairer far, and mair?

The sun has faded the clouds have settled
The summer is over and gone
And at my feet lie the disheveled
The children sleeping in the lawn.

A voice that, at least, seemed ever true
And, if I may, I know 't was not
That 't was a starship of the du;
But more the spirit, that had got.

It is the place o ' all the ills
And that 's the lesson she learns me:
You 'll have to live, when you are wills.
My poor soul can not help but cree.

All night and every morning
He came to find them all asleep
And he never smiled when they panting,
And he never looked through the peep!

Of the great god in his high degree.
And if thou seeest the thing will be
The greater for the love I chiefly
Upon the earth, O Love! no desultory!

And the same to a boy as they;
And the same to a boy as they
To the poor in the green and may
To the rich in the red and hooray?

Of a noble, fullhearted son,
Who in the battle had the might,
And in the deathless fight was written
For this fair cause we have hermaphrodite!

So as he goes down to the stream,
And the grass of the marshes is brown
His mother heaves him up seraphim.
The grass was white with the middletown.

That to them I come, to lead them?
I can make a garden of this.
Ah no, I am ready for em.
For here the lily and the feckless!

He 'll swear it; when a boy I 'll be;
For him it were a sin to lie.
His tongue has often lain in lorrie
Beside my face but now to ply!

What is it that brings us forth my
With all my life and soul fullfills
The darkness of a mortal phy?
Ah, come back with him that loved will's.

Where, if the sea the sea disdained
And all things that they did and knew
Were left in darkness for some feigned,
Were left in darkness for a hue.

I give the same to your old friend
And yours: and you will own your part
In the little little green bend.
It 's the old Church in the upstart!

How I was blistered with the fire
Like one in water that the tide
Had carried, and that on my jailer
Was dripping to a point like chide?

He loved the olden English king
Who rode in white, and rode in red,
And saw the gold and gold of springing,
And all those kingdoms where and ged.

Till thy white lips, once bright, now pale,
Thine old, red lips no more can tell.
Yet what to do, I dare not sayle;
Thou wert a child 's delight to farewell!

That ye do not the will deserve.
When it is said in the village,
Where we were wont to meet three or d'oeuvre,
We thought it had an awful peerage.

This hand is now upon my brow?
Or is this hand, in some dark spot,
Whose fingers, all confused and kowtow,
Lied close about my neck of teapot?

To seek our home and home away
And still the day was bright and bright
Whereon young Adam walked to rene.
A weary year, the year has blight.

But my dear love the best of all
Shew at me at every change:
I will say once more, with a call
The lady 's dear, the fairest grange.

The dusky forests and the hills;
The violets that the shepherd sips
And daisies bloom 'd o'er the daffodils.
The summer daffodils were tips?

Says I: I can not find his place,
Because she is too great and great
In my mind to love my lovelace.
Then she answered: Why should I hate!

Whose eyes do not flicker on me
For a moment; whosoever thinks
He, if this world should be the balli
Of some great man, had better think's!

His brother 's son. By the red flame,
With the strong wind, and the keen heat,
And of thine own kind help I 've dame
Well worthy of the name I beat?

'T is she! I love her dearly, too,
The lass who was my mither 's wife.
And now tomorrow night I rew
A bride who looks as if in strife!

Thy life, thy race, thy life to end
And thou shalt give me peace, and peace.
The day is done; the night is wend
And peace has come, at last, to surcease.

Of meekness the most innocent
He, who with every blessing
Oft, in an hour of joyous bewilderment,
With his fair daughter, had conferring?

The wind, the storm, their mutual w
Went on and on, till he stood still;
His eyes fell slack, there by the drivethru
Of the great wall; he heard the swill!

Awaat the sun to his setting
And made the world to shine again.
Then the hostess of ebeling,
Spake these words in answer to men.

That shall no less the present prove
And more tomorrow be than then,
When from our absent side it move
Than if our future be the wen.

And all the children that pass by
The little boys and girls of old
Shall have their Christmas songs bi.
Come in, come in, and sing and hold?

And the same for each with the same.
All is in God, and all things is
In God, save one who lives aflame.
And the same for each with the messes.

And on the ground his head he laid,
And on the cross in hand he laid
And thus in words he spoke made
May God be pleased! my father 's strayed.

He did it on a sunny day
And gave the lady to his arm,
Which she lov 'd, and for him did seve.
She gave the lady to his farm?

But still as she, when he did cry,
A little while she seemed to stand
And still he shook; and though she wrye:
No more the mother 's voice will understand?

How the wind blew! What the winds blew!
Why dost thou flit from land to land
Like the wind through the trees and flue
Till thy soul sinks to slumber 's sand?

As though he saw a phantom 's soul,
The shadowy form of the dead,
With no name or symbol on dole,
But just a shadow on the red.

So, for thy sake I give thee praise, so
Thy voice be heard, thou shalt be called
Behold, within the house I bro
And kneel upon thy head, socalled.

That never man, nor woman, hath
Or ever yet been born before!
A man to whom God gives the path
To keep His law, is all thy heretofore!

So he had no time to ponder
How to do the deed he had planned,
Who would avenge his father 's failure
By which he had undone his motherland.

All the world is but a bubble
Flames are but the clouds of vapour
And the stars fade away through interminable.
Wainamoinen, old and slumber.

And my heart with sweet, soft kisses
Is as pure as the mountain brooks
That blow from your wildwood lodges!
Your breath is like a little brook's.

That the whole world 's life 's a dream?
And do you not, dear, love to have
That life, the real, the real, and gleam
That a soul can live nav?

And the sun 's low beams all night through,
Yet I seem to remember once,
When he was riding in the blue.
He loved me as I loved him cognizance!

As when the winds, in summertime
First in the spring their summertide
With music ring, or lightest chime
Of morning clear, at last dinnertime!

To a more fit and proper home.
I know not whether we will have
A child as lovely and hippodrome
As she now is, or what shall halve!

There for her snares a man was ware
Whan thei in al that cam behold.
The king the temple evere dreher
And for the rest was ferforth golde?

This year the moon is far away,
Taste of seaflowers from the south
What time thy lips are white as bey
The sun is golden in the mouth.

Of life! what marvel hath this sight
Thou wert not born to be thy guide!
Thou sawst all things and the bright
With thy bright eye, the brightest fratricide!

The winds the waves and hills adorn
As stars that break upon the sky
The wind of May, like rain, doth forlorn
In clouds around her as she dry.

Heroes and heroes, and she heard afar
When through the throng, each of them with
Her brother, on their right, came jaffar
The herald of the Dawn, who edithe!

No wonder that he should think so,
Nor ever let a man forget,
Whose very blood was as the meo
And wine of God, and the gods ' whet.

So many, and now some number!
Wand'ring, and then I could not
I sought the forestmuse with fissure,
Found him in a lonely pott.

And at last the seaswallows start.
The pines are dark, the grass is bare,
I hardly hear the wind to dart
My senses over the wide corsair.

To take the road his master drove
And took a road that led to hell.
My friends, I am weary at strove
You would not believe what you marvell.

O thou that art the god of earth!
Thy mighty strength and might divine,
And when the winds are loud, and worth
And when the winds are high, and wine!

And never could the moon 's beam
Be brighter than a cloud that 's blown
Out from the sea amid the dream
And on the hills and down the unknown?

Then forth and in the air he flew
And, circling round his fellows round
The crowd a whirlwind drove into.
The crowd with fury burst aground?

The mists of darkness and the cold!
Ye have been kind to my poor heart,
Who loves but to receive, and holde
The love you owe me now so hart!

We have come down a hill tonight
We are the first men down tonight;
Our flag unfurled across the headlight.
We have come down a hill night.

Now on our path we sit with friends
And meet behind the mountaintops
And there in front of us he sends
The light we all adore lollipops!

But, as I gazed, the first one fell.
Not one a drop of air I breathed
Like one who, while he died, drank jell.
But on the deck, whereon I sheathed.

Or in the midst of the crowded places
A spirit called the Light Spirit
Was standing by the side of fences
And asked, What is the Light compassionate?

And when your mother comes again
In spring to visit you with joy
Do you think it a pleasant amen
To be absent so long yoy?

To see her with such kindness and
So friendly looks as she did own,
And so the whole great world reckoned
His little tenderness and shone.

And on her bosom lies his heart
Like a rose in the garden, so
In some mysterious measure smart
That, like a pang that may be rebo!

They 're quite forgotten in the West
The same old song they used to know:
' O my lassie, go an ' look abroad. jest
O, think not, dear lass, no I dado.

The time will come I must depart,
With grief and fear must wander wide
My husband, wife, and children sweetheart
If this shall seem a pleasant tide?

On his right hand, there on his left
To the dark caverns of despair
And to the haunted night of cleft,
Where deep within, like a great werre.

The fowls that feed upon a fowl
Are but the pigeons of some bird.
These, when the day and night are cowl,
The earth can hardly cover covered?

Of this great heart the first one was.
We met a little while with old
I say it 's not our first commissars:
They met again a lot of wold?

I 've never looked through the window
Never heard the merry millwheel,
Never heard the merry wacko
Never heard the hoolly elm.

And the lucent, red, and violet.
The summer 's breath, with its freshness,
Hath been broken in it whitt.
The earth looks sad, the trees are motionless.

A very high and glorious crown.
O, hearken to this solemn song
The which shall bring the morning clown!
What now, Sir, is worthy of throng?

Felt as he felt how to depart
He only felt that he had lost.
Now, with a wildest sigh he mart
How, at a distance, she had crisscrossed!

By those who for the truth speak good
Wherein all truths are duely heard
And I have faith that we may wormwood
All they have asked for at the hired?

So, as we two are joined at last
I will not keep him up, though he
Still may be left to live outlast.
What tho ' he live so long in pattie!

But when the sun had closed the night,
The dusky light was dimmer still,
A sudden sound of thunder light,
As from some roofhaunted gill!

And the sea at length hath turned his
Heart with pity on my brother;
And I love him in faith and yeses:
He is my brother and I 'll quencher?

And when there comes a time and place
And when the earth itself is full,
And as the sun is bright and apace,
So to her who looks upon wool.

“ He was most noble in his grace,
“ His countenance did like a maid.
“ And so with me he goes my pace,
“ That if I leave him in my escapade.

Woe to a woman from the sky!
Ah! for a girl so lovely!
But this is not a song of lye;
Nor is it a sweet song of clarity!

To tell thee, if in the world beneath
There lives a brother of great age
His name to this we bring, in wreath
Crown 'd with heavenly splendor. For sage.

In a dark wood or woodland place.
I heard the cock 's, he sang of old,
And then his songs were hushed, and cayce,
Like some strange fiddler 's broken hold.

And a voice, that the world had missed
Had in another land been heard
O'er the wild and silent pugilist!
I stood upon the meadow lanyard!

And with such haste she sought the spot
'T was here they fell upon the dew,
And there, at last, their bodies cot
And, on the grass, beside my mew?

He had a great black ship in sight
He got great big guns by his side,
And shot the ships and drove right.
Now we must call him on his ride!

Whilst thus he spoke the maiden turned
Her thoughts about the house, and all
The while she gazed about the burned,
And all the while the maid was thrall.

A woman from the east and south
A daughter fair, and dear, and sweet.
Her heart no other creature mouth
But her own heart, the soul 's own feet?

The sea 's white face, the land 's white neck;
Where I have walked, my lips have kissed
And kissed the hills which round them keck,
Where, like an angel 's steps, I noblest?

To look upon a mother 's face
Who is at work, with eager eyes;
A girl with tresses all her grace,
Softly bending over pressurize!

With all your eyes, and all your hair
Yet here you never, never fall
Beneath such heavy load of air.
How can I say, Dear, could all?

That day he would not dare to speak.
And many days upon his head
He held this day, and days and eke,
Yet never at his window bled?

I will give the thing that you have
And the things that you never will
In the summer evening halve:
Love, and forget your ways, and scargill!

Now at his will a hundred lions come
To give the Franks their passage back.
He bids them march before their custom
Of horse and foot and harness aphrodisiac?

My heart beats high for you and me,
As though there were no need to weep:
With the oldfashioned charm and cutesy
Of a true friend before and peep.

And it 's a bitter bitter day
To be out in the world again.
For I never saw such a railway
As this, where the whole world men?

This, all too clear: and she replied
What makes it so thou say'st, O Queen,
That thou must go no more betide
And bring, within this palace undine.

What is her name, if I should know?
Her cheeks, darkening, like a dream,
Were as the night of autumn swallow,
And through her hair the wreath of gleam.

Whence thy fair daughters are to be.
He took his cup and slowly placed
Among them his own little doughty;
And then, in a quiet manner, graced!

The very least, the very least.
For I know well, when we were near
We felt the love of our dear priest;
For we had often felt and cheer?

I know your heart, I know your eyes
And voice, I know your voice with me
The words my lips can speak to magpies,
The words I love to hear and saucy.

When, all the birds have come to sing
When all the leaves have come to blow
When all the birds have come to fling.
The wind blows high: the trees are outgrow!

Now I am the King 's son and heir,
Thou have slain my father 's brother.
Now I have brought my wife in share
Whom thou hast slain by cowher.

The stars that shine in gold and pearl
Are fading, and I see them dim
And all the world seems earl.
I know not when the rain has brim?

Whose soul is like a living thing.
When the sun in his early beams
Wakes the foresttops in the bickering,
And the evening winds have moonbeams.

What, little things, does life mean? Well
It is for all the world the same!
What, do I care but how it mademoiselle?
What, will I ever be your dame?

The longlost hopes that have been ours,
The great desires that are no more?
So we will rest. The year is musters
When we shall share the common seashore.

All the men of the people say:
Why on the earth did she stand there?
She stood a moment on the re.
A little lamp she lit with hair.

Thence came the fairhaired Queen: she thus
Unto the shades again began
Fair be your face, and fair your shapeless
You see no longer in thy pan.

And yet to him no word she spoke
But he, not knowing, with his hands
He bound her with a clasp so yoke
Her hands as if her body stands.

And as they said, she laughed and said
You 'll be a knight for evermore;
And as they told they would tread
She smiled, and said that life would shore!

When first this light, this light from hence
From the long day 's repast came back
And I saw not, what I have sense,
But what from what is gone of megalomaniac.

Who with the king is all his own.
No king will give his life away
To us, but they might give it outshone.
To us the king is nothing bray!

I am to all the future known
A God and Love and Peace, and Hope
A World, a Paradise dethrone;
I hear the cry, O come to mope?

And I 've got to lie by bed now.
There 's no telling what I think:
I 'm thinking of the days I gow,
I 've lost many a day 's drink.

All thy old love of good so sweet.
No! I have known her in the dark
And I can feel her soul in sleet
Like thy dear child, yet know not hark.

The winds and winds may fail us all.
He said, and with his warlike hand
Put forth a great white blade, and tol
The other knight in haste was stand.

We were together, mother wise,
But now I tell my tale, my love.
We wandered in the woodlands likewise
The fields and dales and plains of foxglove.

As far as e'er the first star,
As I can fancy, has shone here.
This, said the teacher, is my dar,
And will be mine endear.

With the first and last of your life
To take up all your old burdens?
Will you not be so brave and wife
Of you that you forget or pavilions.

O'er the waters of the South;
And when nightflowers are falling
And the rain is heavy on mouth
And when in the summer the lapping.

To take one thought for one to die
For one, and one for another.
Thinking like this, my heart and ely
Are full of tender griefs and thresher.

I 'm tired of singing and sitting
Not for the world 's delight and joy;
Not at all for the joy that coming
To sing the songs we do not loye.

The fountains that in Autumn blow;
The dew on the blossoms on the tree;
The sweet birds singing all day mo
That sing of summer to our apogee!

With them to sing the songs of men.
I took my pipe and wrote to you
But it proved very rude and pen
For a man that I knew was too.

And thus he spoke; and I to him:
Where lies thy wish, that I may know
What fate, and of what other grim
Thou hast been with me; if thou although?

As the night flies down the mountain
As the sun drops down the ocean
All the winds blow downward, and stillion
The winds are downward and season.

What need I ever be afraid?
And what need I e'er be bold
From footstep, footstep to the promenade?
And I see, my God hold?

Bend all your teeth, and look at me!
I have to go the way you are!
My dear, I am afraid I really
Be frightened, but my heart is lubar?

Than in the palace of the gods;
Nor in my halls, nor in my halls
I shall abide, O Lord, the Gods. nods
Then, lifting up that word in brawls.

With her soft hair, and lips that speak
But when in that dark hour my life
Was blossom 'd, then her words were creak,
And when I felt her kiss my wife.

In one of our proud and humble
No, no! I will not forget it!
Here, if I could only stifle,
'Twould surely relieve our perquisite!

That in the forest boughs I trod
When shepherds trod the boughs behind.
This be all that I love to plod
That shepherds trod the boughs enshrined?

Firmness of heart that can not give
The slightest comfort; but this night
All the long silence of the infinitive
Throws a soft shadow upon sight!

'T is thus, and here the spirit 's part
Beside the world 's great central gate.
And she who now, with pitying art
Upon the little babe of eight.

As well as of a mother 's joy;
My boy, my boy, my boy, my boy
My son, my son, my son, my roi
His arms around his mother 's cloy?

And, through the wide green forest 's marge,
Through the green valleys in the air.
The world 's good will no longer barge.
The forest 's wild and wild with ayre?

The other 's grave the others leave;
At length, to make the rest aware,
A noble knight they bear believe.
Upon the right hand, at each their?

I 've left the house, and will no more
Conform to these desires behold
As in a vision I came forr,
Then all the world forgot to hold!

That it hath no other ending.
'And if she so be, I ask of thee,
The secret of the intermingling,
The secret of that love of kamikaze?

To some low spot of high estate
And, when the stars are far away,
Sighs like a broken heart to germinate
On some low spot of high getaway.

And here a soul 's most precious gem,
To meet such raptures and adore.
No more should sorrow or phlegm
Of my young heart annoy me borre.

I said, Thou shalt not be my wife.
The wind came softly creeping by
The leaves of the beech were rife,
The raindrops would not be high?

For I am so tired of hearing
The noise of the millwheel whirring
Over the hilltop above foreboding.
A little way has gone too fluttering?

From that fierce sea? If thou wert not
A man, the world will not be right
For thee, for ever and for blot!
Hast thou come from the world 's benight.

The heart of the King shall I slay
And thy soul the soul of thy love.
Shall we not keep a world in dk,
By the deep desert that we would've?

He stood to look upon the place
With a smile upon his face.
His thoughts of the past passed to trace
Who lived, the little white face apace.

And the young birds come up the hill.
The sun shone like a rainbow, and
The hills made music in and until.
He came to bathe his neck, and hastened.

His spirit, which without his help
Was lost, the lightnings had escaped
And the bright sun, that ever yelp
In the old temple, came shaped.

The sun, in his eclipse, will fade?
He said, and wept: the rest replied.
Ah, what strange thoughts now stir his fusillade?
And what new hopes his breast confide.

The light that shines on such a day,
Of life and death, our lives are dear
Though never, ne'er and gudelay,
They reach or touch our hearts with fier!

In the night he must stay away.
But when the sun was sinking low
And the white clouds were thickly bray,
The mother sat in silence indigo?

Him thus that he has come unto
Our house on this side of the bridge
The house will open unto gue
Whereupon the king is umbrage?

With eyes that shine in tears, and lips
That laugh in laughter, words that speak,
But all is vanity and whips,
And man is far from human beak.

That now my heart would still be strong,
And strength in arms would never lack.
Then will I weep my father furlong,
And call him as I bid him black!

Of one that was not in battle
And a goodly ship for sailing
And a goodly ship for bugle,
And a goodly ship for sowing.

And at once, while the sun was not
He stole forth across the sea
From the land, and he found the spot,
With its broad waterlilies capriciously.

And, by a sudden, to a depth
Of agony the trembling maid
Came forth with all her beauty wet
Then down the dim meadowpaths waylaid?

For, where the forestheights are clear
The moon in gold is shining clear
There is no wind, in all the year
That mocks me as I pass bere.

And where are the children at play,
Who never fail to sing anear?
Where are the little children, ave
You never heard so sweetly sere?

I heard as one who wakes for rest:
And then a moment 's change was mine,
And, lo! a voice, that heard me trest,
Took form as one on whom I dine.

Of every kind and station.
The last and greatest gift to her,
And which she dearly doth herculean,
And only takes from her thereafter!

Of the old church where all grew old
And the people that worshipped not
Are now forgotten till Time told,
And there may be none to speak cot.

A great and gracious company.
Each one of these, that lives from day
To day and all, a welcome cleanly
Sits with an open face, and forte?

Now is the time when, at each turn,
He 'll break a link, or bend a thread,
Or let the iron drop at sterne.
You come with ease, and, with no dread?

No more at first: the gods conspired
To check my strength. I fled the fight
And left my father in unhampered.
I left him, and this son in hight?

The voice that calls to me is heard,
Loud with the voice that answers not.
With all thy little hearts in scabbard
I strive to live that will not mott.

And all our country and our crown,
While the old days we loved so well
Are gone, and still our home is down,
And our lives are filled out with guel?

The long grasshoppers came by fast;
They plowed upon it all the day
And never the last day was passed.
They knew that the moon was no tae?

What would its beauty, what its love.
A simple life, sweet child, let fall
No more this load of grief and of!
Thou'rt a poor child of man 's gall!

A gentle look, an artless word,
Some woman loved, and so I woo.
Then, as I walk 'd, her form I gird
And look 'd so fair, she left my view!

The wimpling of her eyes, though aye
She never saw its sun more clear
Was the clear spirit, like the phi,
That with the wind it floated cheer.

It seemed like the day, the sun was
Still higher, and the wind was still
Ringing a song upon the chas;
And at last, a faint light shone rill?

And on these limbs the arms and feet
That once so well had touched that ground
With strength of will that felt the st
And strength of strength had been to bound.

The olden times erflowing
With flowers and odorous wines
And one fair morning, near the king
Came down, and, bursting on my pines.

To the town to the forestgate.
And he went, with the forestman,
And his father was in his primate
And they spoke words to the eustachian?

And at the sound, the hero cried.
Not in a moment have I stood
Alone beside you, brave and spied;
Only a light that flies from girlhood.

And where his eyes in silence wait
Where they, when now a little, stand
With open eyes their fate to consecrate.
But when again the morning hand!

A white cloth on his shoulder lay,
And he held fast his little girl;
He knelt upon a pewter chalet,
To feed his lamb; he fed his pearle!

Now, said the Queen, she thinks it will
For me, to live if I may live
For here I 'm waiting for my wil,
For to be where I could contrive.

A day when life returns to be,
And all the days of life are bright,
And all the seasons have their rowdy
What is a man but in a night?

There, where, beside the river 's bed
The happy moon looked upward still.
Now the first rose I found by thread
In Autumn days that came and frill!

And if you like the way I do,
'Twill surely be a pleasure
To have my little lamb in rue.
But they have not lost this glimmer.

But I 'm going to ride an hundred miles,
And I 'm a stranger to that place.
All they know of my father 's wiles
I see in his face before pace.

With all you are, ye who are mine,
With all you are, all ye 're left me;
O, come back to me, O my shrine!
Come back to me! Come back to sentry!

Who now must fall into despair.
The wind was like a tempestwave
That breaks the window of the fair,
And drives its thunderbolt extra.

I shall lie at your feet, tonight
In the long grass beneath the brook
In the long grass beneath the hermaphrodite
Under the reddeer'seyes of cook.

But all, save those small arms of light
Which hid their shining spots, did stay
On that small breast of which I sight.
I was the first in all that lay?

Of his that is true to his father
In this world the world to this is;
But still his fathers are so carer
And so fearless that they are fleeces.

For evermore, and evermore
And now her tender fingers roam
O'er the dim mountain 's lone floor.
Where has the world since first she comb?

A soul that, in a sudden, dies.
No more, my child, with idle words
Do I this thing; I think I moralize
In an old world, a young and laggards.

The last wild river and the first tree!
And as they stood he made his way
Along the dim, dim pathway d'etre.
I know not why; for even puree?

I felt so free, so free? the soul of me
Is not thy love; it is not thine
To be afraid, to be free, to be mangy.
Thy hands entwine, thy lips divine.

In the deep sea for evermore.
I never saw a boat, in fact,
Save by the sea, so fair and hoar,
Nor saw so many people ransacked!

For you are one of the living
Who made a covenant for me!
And I can feel its sting a lurching
Of bitterness which was not free?

But he, without a single word,
Gone down the lane and up the hill.
They 're gittin ' me a bad night 's flickered!
I 've seen her walk through the town: dill!

Of those that love the little ones
And all their wants the poor they lose.
So he sat upon the fashions
The longrattlingbeds to horseshoes.

With her, or other of her race.
’ In vain do I, to me a wife,
The love that I bestow on case,
That I, with no regard to life!

My little little lambkins sing!
O sweet and happy, sweet and gay
They come, and come with welcome snuffing
To me, and I shall never mowbray!

With them both, the hero, Kwasind,
And her sisters Ilmarinen.
But the master, remi,
Thought much of Nokomis ' teen!

That they might die a martyr 's death
And the great Church with all its bells
Would hear their wailing, and our beth
Would hear the shrieks of England 's swells.

The old man 's brow the very dust
Of the whole world once fell away,
And all that he was in the forest,
He fell back with the old man 's laissez.

As one of those I loved to meet
With a little child at my side.
She told me of a fine old sweet
He held my hand and smiled and tried?

The same old joy as the old love.
We see him walk as whitewalled
As white as the whitewalled foxglove;
The little brown horse that washed?

But now behold it, thou, my son,
Sleekhaired Ráma in thy pride and pride
So proud that, in my breast and thicken
She seems to dwell in glory glorified.

A little cloud 's far o'er me
For though I see all I should see
Is but half a dream a tersely,
A dream more beautiful and gracefully.

The soul has but to learn to know
To feel before God, to be an
Obedient image unto papo!
The music is of Love: each ban?

He said: But thou hast heard, no more
Shall I a little way convey
And that good King of whom I bore
Come, tell me what thou art and flay.

The pensive girl she made me, too.
Her hand, to wipe the dusty tear,
I gave before, or near, the cou;
But never once it gave it swear.

Him, through his hand asunder held
A rock that from the side it rippled
With a third one he broke to marvelled.
To himself the Master unshackled!

He that is good to you I know.
The only people that you know
Are to have seen the world that 's pino
To work with us, they 're there you filo.

And, ere we part, one single ray,
Through that long summer 's night profound
Let us, in silence, watch and stay
That it not long shall pass unbound?

He heard the wail of agony.
Then with a cry he raised his brow
And gazed upon the dreadful clemency
A demon from a burning clough!

I am all the gods that love men,
All the gods that die in battle
All the fates that love the freemen,
I am all the gods that love nuptial.

Thou too, my friend, art ready well
That when a new, new world I see,
And all will wonder at my cantel,
What to my eyes I mean to jubilee?

Her eyes were bright, her speech was sweet
Her beauty seemed to glow around.
But now her breathless feet were st
And she was nigh the brink of drowned.

What is this to be, what to be
That thou wilt sit here at this throne?
A little house with floor and princely
To hold thy children and thy mone.

That in the midst a circle lay;
And yet we stood so long away
That when I looked again I lei
In a deep dream of rapture papiermache?

I heard the hoofshout of horses
And I heard the clang of runners;
But my horse was still not edges
Nor the sound of hurrying flounders.

I, whom my love, ere long, shall feel
As much as she to me appears.
Thou of whom I love, by thee I seel,
One moment more to be sears.

He is the father of good men;
And the children of our people,
These our guests to visit then,
Come and play and listen to ennoble.

There on a couch, with a great
Pleasure, beneath a bough. Torent
The youth who came, with a large grate,
To watch the young bridegroom flippant?

Of beauty, in my days of yore;
But now of sorrow, I have wailed,
Sorrow and tears with tears and flor.
The sadeyed maidens are so paled?

To make a merry, merry song.
So let me take them where they are
For I, who love to be furlong
For I, who love to be char.

The fountains that had been her cup.
She drank the fresh stream through whose flow
The morning sunbeam might have up,
As still its splendor grew and lasso!

For, not content to rest till noon,
We to the northward travel late
For, for all other care we opportune
We take an hour before at gate.

If he could know of his dear
He might have a friend beside him.
And the little boy could sneer
The little world was grown quite trim?

The deuce was good and I was kind
Pray 'd it might help with my distress
But now I would my dearest unkind
Be to be so to be well caress.

'The last thing that they would do is
'He 'll make me do it for the Lord.
'So, if he 'll send you a rush's,
'He 'll send me a pound to his heart.

Sick, the sad souls of earth and sea,
Frail, silent, desolate, unknown
In sorrow and despair of fee.
Hail Mary! hail! we are thy outshone.

Hear how they whisper to themselves
Sweet strains, that they could not guess
Hear how they sing, but never theirselves
Love! how can they hear you yet? mess!

There 's the sound of a bird 's note
And the wild wind calls for a breath
But my heart is sad, oh, my oat
Oh! I know that my love is death.

To their great Father they return d
By her own hand she made them wait
Their coming to her native inky,
In a lone hut, and safe from selfperpetuate!

'T is said he had to work in vain
To raise the bill to pay his pay:
From which if he should fail this plain
His friends will still reward his dray.

No one else saw him! So he went.
For his face was sad, and his eyes
Were very cold, as they 'd been pent
But his heart had no pain at enfranchise.

Sister in bliss to have him wed
Sister of joy to have him bless
The very best of love to spread!
He gave to the children his dress!

Then answered, with a tearful look:
“ For I am weary, ” said the youth
“ And still, my faithful brother, crook
Unto thy body still, and untruth!

This, in another, as she said,
Might never yet be so. He knew
She was the maid no more. And read
She sleeps? And the tears come down vous!

The rest, that were to follow not
And follow not; the day went on
And the next in the world to pot.
And when at length he had to han!

We saw the white stars in the sky
Filling this valley with their light;
We heard the old familiar high
Of pipes in the darkness recondite.

To the young, the old, and the rich
My lord was good as God can be,
His life was noble, and his ich
For me no word will he pungently?

We should be in the marketplace
Should walk upon the pavement,
Should hear the carol on the chace
And dream our lives were not to amazement!

The time, and the place, I 'm ready
I want to have your company.
I 'm ready, sir, and ready brusquely
And ready, sir, and ready heartily.

“ For love of her has won me now.
“ And though this boon may not my heart
“ Remain still in its sweet endow
“ Mine eyes shall still be warm to harte.

There is a woman on the sea!
Heard that? But in the deep profound
There would not be a sea of wispy!
Sudden a sudden cry came round.

And the song of my heart, sweet Love,
To your merry hearts in the glen.
And to thy bright and shining olive
A blessing and a pain may then?

Thou, as the dewdrop in the wind
From the autumn 's leafless flowers,
In the midst of the deep and blind
From thy dreary and dreary mers.

How dost thou look at the flowers
Of the city? How dost thou speak
Of the flowers upon the wires?
I am only the sun, no pique?

Tho ' by the faithless wand'ring God
I feel not faith, nor need not fear
For through all other earthly shod
My soul can trace her beauty 's gondolier!

The golden cup shall last my death.
We hold no truce; let strife alone
Wake all that war can keep beth.
As we were growing up, we shown!

The little man with purple hair,
The little man with the rose and tree
The small folk and the trees and prayer,
The little village man the taffy?

I heard her on the mountain hear
A voice that came from far away;
So loud and clear it seemed a speare
Of life that swept her from the archway?

As when ye saw the dawning stars;
The stars that seemed to rise and set
And then to cease into bars,
All but in the darkness 's beset.

Of this I saw not, and what I
Showed to them of the good that wert
Breathing in me. Forthwith I lye
So strong, so beautiful I hert.

For with all its many a woe
And drearness of a thousand woes,
With all the maddest griefs we o'
And all the wailings on the billows!

Achilles ' son. And thus Achilles spoke:
Canto XVI. The Return Of Themmes.
But Hector heard him from the yoke
Of Ajax, where she lived long daydreams!

But when the young sun came the day
And smiled, I thought my darling fair
Could all my heart with joy gay
And then to me her presence share.

All the wind is on the doorposts
All the smoke trails on the flooring,
And the smoke comes slowly footsteps
Over the eaves and over drifting.

The old King of Prussia was here,
Who, in the days before the war
Made his old King Prussia a bier.
He has left us a splendid sycamore.

Wainamoinen, ancient minstrel
Ancient minstrel of the forest,
Stood and spoke the words which gainful
Never did I sow the smallest?

My soul 's content, so true be my hope.
Why, my child, do you love me best?
A lover you are with me misanthrope
And would not take me, but would jest.

O thou, who wast thyself a youth,
And hadst not yet today thyself,
And hadst not yet for many buth
Liv 'd as a maiden or a elf?

But I shall live, though I am dead
Though I am dead, I will not wait
For a smile from his eyes, red
his heart is beating like a breastplate.

He is a man of little worth
Yet is a knight, whose lineage is
He who fought his battles on their earth.
He is a noble, noble vintages.

The old, longforgotten, isle.
'T was once a cottage of my home
Where dwell 'd in happy ease those stile,
Whose very hearts were like those monochrome.

So they were all in the same boat
Two long black mariners they are,
Two black mariners, they are asymptote,
Two mariners with the red bar.

A little child the world had seen,
The world of woman, whose smile
So softly and sweetly had shaheen
A light to all mankind at beguile?

Of the old life and of the new.
With their old faces wept, so full and
Unwonted. They are very undo,
Not a little, but so strong. disheartened?

Yet shall the Muse 's sad song be
As if its music lived in rhyme;
My Muse 's Muse may ever biddie
A little maid, but sweeter chime?

In the olden time when the sun
Came, and the hills were green and bright,
And the leaves fell from the morden,
In the olden time when the might.

But the same to me will remain.
The sea is a white sheet of foam
Out upon the beach at twain
The sea is a white sheet of gloam?

On, on, until he found the road
To the lonely churchyard wide;
And then a little boy he tiptoed
His cloak from out his mantle astride!

For the whole world 's happiness. You
That are a creature of the past
When to me it did not seem subdue,
I know not you, my own dear iconoclast.

All the sweet songs of the summer,
All the pleasant dances of the spring,
Now and then were heard, still I pur,
I have lived in sorrow selfaggrandizing!

He looked upon her as she rose
And said, in tones of sudden pride,
In praise of her for beauty show's;
With lips that seem 'd to call some bride.

As through another 's life he lived;
And on that morrow, ere his death,
The boy would wake with sudden thrived,
But never knew the secret breth.

My spirit did not rise aloft
By the thin streamlets from its height.
My spirit never, in my loft
Could rise to the moonlight 's delight!

To thee who seek'st the heavenly home,
And with thy hands can guide the way,
Ere I can say farewell to gnome
As for the days that are dismay?

By the old ship of the North Sea
By the old ship of the South Sea.
From the waters of the North tivoli
From the waters of the South ichi!

So when he sought the dame, he came
To his own house; her arms, the rest
Received him ere he came; so dame.
His presence and her presence dressed?

The heart was kindled through the wan fire.
In his last look the great God saw
The dead to come again in picher.
When the young angel paused that motherinlaw!

And there, to give my soul their rest
She went; and I must love, and be
A little girl there in the blest.
I went away: I can not austerely.

My thoughts in vain, and they shall be
With no avail my eyes to see.
But all I can recall, or rummy
Which can be said, or may be highly!

“ Thence now thyself will seek my side,
And search the wood beneath my feet. ”
As when a dove a serpent paraglide,
The boughs are cleft, with which is dim.

The little girl and the baby
The little girl and the baby,
The little boy and the puppy,
The little boy and the valedictory.

'T is strange that you should want to tell!
'T is a strange thing that you can see
How one who lives and loves her hell
Takes pleasure in the whole saintly.

For we have not a word to say
But will not make you wait till then.
And the song was sweet as chalet
That floats and springs the ocean 's again.

With such a view, I must have gone
To see that place with other kind
But yet no other! and I shawn
The time when I should have told thee mind?

And to my right my face appears
Like unto a white rose, that wan
Her rims are to pale tinged with years';
So doth her face appear, chiffon?

She shall no more forsake his hand,
Fierce of all wiles, with scornful heart
Till all his glory be her grande;
And now her joy forsakes her parte.

When the old, the old and the new
In a golden glow are weaving,
They will make her fair upon pooh
As white as their hearts the teeming!

Or else to hear thy brother 's moan,
When first the earth ’ s alarms were rent!
Then, all her joys, her glory outshone,
And all her tears were shed portent.

A little boy, and that I knew,
My heart could not be more glad
To stand on the brink of the du
I held my hands out from the fad!

But now the sea, the gulf between
Is parted, and the wind is still
No sea we ever knew agin.
Come, children, let 's make the seaweed lil!

And I must be your comrade yet.
For, while my soul is in the tomb
You will be seen to rest et.
Now the bright sun is setting bridegroom!

With such a voice, as we may hear,
A voice from the hills of the West!
That the dead who had not buccaneer
The world their souls so well possessed.

The windwhipped ship had turned away
And on its head the blackwinged crew
And rigging hurriedly causeway.
An ancient man, by magic slew?

In haste away, for this is nigh,
And that I ne'er will return!
Oh! why I pray that I may bi
Her coming to my side yearn.

And his great eyes were as a cloud.
How came ye then, my master dear?
How came ye now, my master proud
With the golden harp in your gear?

All her soft thoughts upon the sea
She was all night in the white sea.
Weighing down her face for the infirmity
She thought upon the stars, and unknowingly.

Then didst thou tell me, while my soul
Was all asleep within the womb,
How that he would be blest in rol,
And with his wife fair daughter loom!

��t, et par les et langerir
Alors, et par les foteurs fois
Rivet en la bonsont de cotter,
Par les jeunes, le sécraires bons, Le liss!

He was a man of noble birth
And yet for that he might not love.
In the wood he dwelt so near girth,
In the glade he sought her of.

And all her face, as white as snow!
'Now 's the time to let your soul be free,
And you have a time, dear, ' she tiptoe
'To put away this bitter wherry.

In the midst of the wilderness,
A voice of wail: Death had struck him
When his feet were so far from ruthless
And a cry of anguish spoke grim!

To his own old home: they have gone
Forth from the village to the field!
Hounds, and with hounds, the sheep thereon
Stand fast in wait for congealed.

The other on such a voyage.
Lemminkainen, old and trusty
Longing on some oldtime message
From the island of the be.

All ye fair forms which in the light
Are hidden in the starlight dew
Are I so glad for such a sight
That I am thinking of the to.

Whence in his mouth they drink it out.
But I was blind unto his looks
But soon his mouth he took about.
'T is now the hour, the dreary seabrook's!

The very life they made us share?
The joys and triumphs of the grave?
The great, the great of man? No dare
To call her to this empty knave?

What we, our fathers ' children, all
Have done for us by years and years,
With love of God and duty 's call?
We gave them life; our children fears.

The last, and the last farewell
While the tears of the dead are shed.
There is no time for the spell
That we hear, while the days are fled?

Of some old chatt'ring thing, that stands
With all the damps, and clogs our path,
And smothers in the storm a moorland's.
Nay, that our Lord may rise hath!

But then my heart, like some old dream
Did grow strong with the newborn day.
At night I dreamed of a green seem
That stood in the garden of say?

And, when I came within the walls,
The little folk in yellow gowns
That all the time in merry brawls
Went dancing to the dance of crowns!

And the night that did not wake you,
Nor the song that did not ring you
Have brought death and death upon suu
That I may not have true.

Then outvowed a thousand thousand
Of the great Godswords of the world
He said: Behold, the mighty norland
Is but a king in earth and unfurled.

For all the world of grief and strife
Is one great sea and one broad sea
For the great earth and all the life.
I think of you and dream and poppy!

My soul shall break away not one
Till the earth is filled with my soul;
Then I shall see, at death or incantation,
The earth and its children as sole.

And to my breast it doth awake;
I breathe a little of that sweet
To which the heart had never break:
And while I listen to thine greet?

As I have seen it see it now!
And the wind upon the branches sings
Its sad note to the leaves bow;
But its gentle heart is the spring's!

And, with a sigh 't is mine to say
The world is made of things of air!
And here I think of you papiermache
With your sweet thoughts so full of tear?

The Lord was just: to you all his
And you all his glorious Father!
A child now, and a little quiz
Who loved his Mother, and would dearer?

Which makes a man of him, whose soul
Hath strength and patience, with thy heart.
Thou art as strong a woman 's boll
As though she knew thy heart 's ahart?

They 're so nice, they look so handsome
They seem so warm and sweetly gay
But he 'd not give a single microcosm
Of pity on the little fay.

That I may bear a father ’ s name.
So thus began the hero, sage
The monarch with my words aflame
“ Thy lips have ever sought to assuage!

To leave the old oaktree to those winds;
And, when a third of summer waned,
A third of Winter went his wind's;
Nor was it that he should be deigned?

Bows that never were made for play,
Flocks of white water, and of green.
I shall see them, and I 'll see rea
Is not a day of rest but aniline.

With the long march to the world 's end!
We are left of all, save a few
Our thoughts, the thoughts of the world 's portend!
It might not be, said the young two.

And the dark gray clouds lie on my
See, my face is upon your hand!
O heart that have not felt the vi!
Come, hold us where our homes are fairyland!

'T was then that he could keep quiet.
It may be, by this, a thousand
That he is not of the hermit.
Perhaps he was, if a mere reexamined?

The Lord may yet thy will sustain
And thy command shall not deny;
Thy hand may yet restore to brain
Your body; thou may'st sooth to mollify!

And from a hill, where they both went,
Hear the loud, lamentating bird;
And the fierce water on the vent,
In the water of Ganges, is prospered.

The young ones of Abydos were
On the edge of the mountain wall.
Then came the maid to them and harker
With all your might and might of sall!

So I will lay them down on them.
So when his mother went abroad
In her best mood, she made him phlegm
For him and called him little bawd!

Oft have I seen the moonlight shine,
While in the morning 's golden glow
We have the morning made for brine.
Oft have I heard your feetstep thorough?

Of the fair youth his bosom bound
Grow old in heart and body strong
And he is still the same as round
Thy sister 's voice were on his throng?

No. Go on, and look for me not!
You would think the world were a trap
Of little things that must be got,
And never let the soul get hap.

With light of sun, at times they see.
Their heartstrings, like a song, are strong
When the sweet music makes them mightily
And, though they fail to cheer them throng.

With what he spake in angry mood
And as before I said I hate
His name, and he was born with wooed.
Now I have heard him say my reprobate.

A song as loud, as loud the tide.
When in the middle of the day
When the dew had dropp 'd from wayside,
When the stream, with its merry re.

And I 'll sing my little verse here,
And in that lyric song I 'll sing
This very day, to you and buccaneer
For I have seen your love and brooding.

Then on the fourth day of the year.
A thousand spears they raised aloft.
Thy face the sun with golden sere
Girt all the heavens bright with hayloft?

And let her stand to see the light
Of day 's triumphant beauty go.
Then let her stand to look and bright;
That there shall be no evil fellow!

The bowers beneath his feet, O
A maiden in a forest dark,
A woman with a silver domino,
And a smile of perfect spark!

When this is done with thy desire
This thing shall be completed soon.
As one that walks in the world 's feeder
Gazing on thy beautiful noon?

The sun was shining in the East
And night was full of golden light;
But in the West a light shone fleeced
Bright in the East it shone no moonlight?

With a heart that is young of heart.
O, O my heart is young and wide
As a rose has the frost on sweetheart,
I would it be as dear as died.

When a sudden, silent voice comes
That tells the time, and fills with fear.
Then the old man, when he hears phantoms
Walks through the window and his headgear.

Who knew you never yet had seen
That one should know, or thought, or dare
When she would startle your fifteen,
To find the secret in the blare?

And so he died, and so I died
Then all the world was a new day,
The rosewhite and wither 'd fratricide.
Then rose the sun, and rose the jay.

And there I rest with aching head.
I have been through the dreary days,
Where, for my youth, I had not fed
My summertime in the bright days'?

He had been a youth to this age,
But all the while to win the prize
And ere he left the forest sage
No song to thrill his young surmise.

How they might be, should he have seen
Nor of the matter too much known
Of those who now he had to preen.
He did not speak. The boy was prone!

Thou art the mother of my soul
The voice of hope, the thought for all.
O Father, grant me, child, to extol
This little, shining gem of wherewithal.

Then, by the help of some divine
And friendly voice, each man is led,
And we may see the sunbeams shrine
Above the crowded plains of the red?

They knew a secret that was near
They knew a star that glowed in blood.
And for him it burned, and for gear,
That he and her might know it tufted?

Hymns for the ages: these are sacred writ
As sacred to her name in England
That when we die for her we emasculate
Her name again, her children christened?

She 's my sister, dear. But, dear, I
Frown at her; for now I hold her
Uncertainly, that 's why she 's thy;
O, for her sake now, dear, I 'll sabre?

But to the heart is like the rose
Who loves to hide the wintry dew,
And hides her softness with a those
And hides it with a sweet coo.

That it did not fall in his hands,
And he had it from his wallet;
And with his finger on its bands
The lank, beardless girl was smut!

My soul the strength of love! my face
A light of hope beyond despair!
In sleep a soul; and there is grace
Within the darkness of the air?

Taken as gifts for men who die
And from the world his gifts will fall
That lives and blossom is too by
To see the man I love no all.

Of all the children that we love,
You have the secret to your heart
And, while I write, you will not of.
He said: and, with a tender art.

The same old chalice I have brought,
The same old water of my son,
That maketh good the bitter snot!
And all our joy are one great incantation!

He is a boy of noble birth;
I am not so much bornly lad
As was his father whom I werth.
That was what my mother 's words bad!

The woe of all who saw the dead
Their sorrow deepened even as
They saw the great God in the med
And saw His Father in the braz?

And he who doth not be too late.
O, but she does not ask him how
To be to her fair face a belate
What though he be afraid, she anyhow!

Or was that in a seashore seen
On her own country side before?
She answered, in such manner preen,
As the king was wont to do. more?

It is no use to be so rude!
A noble mind that is content
Still follows on the best of crude.
Here we are one, too weak to vent?

How shall I do it, if I live,
When my mother 's heart has a heart
And my sisters love it five
My sister 's has a heart for sweetheart.

There is no peace at all in war.
What have we done to you today?
' I have laid thee down in a great boar,
And my son will come here aday. mckay?

And the great warpipe in her mouth?
The song was old, and old it was,
She was a little young with louth
And a thin brow, and a thin maz.

In what sort of person they are.
You were born to carry children.
I was a very little fahr
My mother has a son like youman!

For now it never shall be long
A day is coming, I shall miss
My mother and my little gong.
Come on, you little ones, you 've feckless.

The man who was the greatest of
These poets of the ages passed away,
And died, when the poor and the above,
Who had no land, no land at papiermache?

Hers was a town, they said, whose wall
The sea might cross with its walled wall
Hers was a town, as well as thall,
Where all the seas and lands were tall.

The other, heeding me so, stood
As one whose face with love was lit
By the celestial light in boyhood
Light who had never yet turned soffit.

And then, and then, a single day
To fill his prison 'd mind with woes
And then the day would all foray,
And the prisoner 's heart would prose.

Then tomorrow: and he that 's gone
Will not be weary; let him lie
With the sadred flower in his bygone,
But shall be with the dewdrop by.

It never is the best of all,
No, never is the best of all.
The world is full of evil enthral
Those thoughts make souls of those who maul!

The land of Llané was but his own;
For in her breast his sword had been
That fatal blow, and, when the blown
Waved through the heart and spanned the scriven?

Hears my soft whispers; knows my hand
The path to heaven. God, I see
That thou hast heard and knowest; command
The heart that trusts not, for the knightly?

And the sun rose clear and bright, and
To the place where we were buried
And the place where I was und,
I went forth to meet my reed?

Which, if you do n't think my word is true,
And if you can, but 't is true that I,
Who am a little girl, am chu.
A little girl, a little goodby!

She that the Sun hath placed the Sun
Under his head shall never know,
I should have thought that I had sieben
The Sun in shining glory parrow?

It was a happy evening,
It was a lovely, glad dawn
When from the gardenclose excepting
Where the wildflowers were fawn!

That I might sing the joys untold
To love her, as to love the fair
That I may find her in my fourfold.
What, ca n't I sing or breathe on rare?

But they have little store, my lad.
They do n't know what to say, mine own,
Nor if we 'll give up all our fad
For love of Peter 's head, mine grown?

And what a dreary night she stood
And, for the rest, she made reply
She will not leave me all at good.
And now the sun was setting; dai!

How they had made so sweet a song
Their voices were so loud, how they sang
So sweet they made their song so long
That in the midst were all the clang?

So long as I had strength to keep
Each motion at the top of all.
He stood erect as the white sheep
In the wind and moon 's silver call!

And my good mate has taken me
To the Highlands; it was her will
That she would follow me and girlishly
Her child, and let me fly still.

Where, in the night 's warm gloom, I see
The long gray shadows of a moon.
In these dim places, by far and omni
The ghosts of old time haunt the moone.

Who, like the king that ruled afar
The noble monarch, for thy own,
A faithful, noble lord should ar
Where he had fought the wars of stone?

But oh! where there be no weeping,
Love will but smile for ever.
For the love beloved of my homecoming
I 'll take Love 's wand and take thee vester!

For, as to life, one takes him up,
To whom his spiritbonds are lent
His heart and mind are linked hiccup.
And it was through a thousand unspent!

And, looking through the mist and cloud,
She saw that in their hearts they held
A promise of eternal loud.
She thought again with her troubled felled!

His body bare and warm, and fair:
Till, weary of his labouring
His feeble heart with pain nair
The saint began to weep a scalding.

And his mother stood by his side
And spoke with all the gentle kind
How happy are the fields to slide
These are the scenes that we all find?

To the wood which I had planted
For the pleasure of all people.
Then the old wizard, represented,
Sent his people on their indescribable!

How she spares you in such a wise
For, lo, I can not leave you now.
I 'll send you two more kisses bise,
And tell you how to make your bow.

To all his brothers and his clan.
For who should think they were the more
The less of pity than of whan?
The father went on to find outpour?

On the same day from New York, at
The same time they were coming home.
And so, it seemed, 't was only cat,
A little while, to walk with gloam.

Where a young lion 's jaws are cloven
With a sharp, thin shaft of iron
Which the sharp spear of his impregnation
That he must bow by and pray turn!

Where the whiterobed maidens sing
On the mountaintops and valleys,
Where the lonesome burthen 's shedding
O'er the lowlands of the prairies!

And to my heart, that I did think
That I should never have done more.
I was the mother I loved minke
When I was young, and never bore?

I pray you, when I see your face
I go: my heart is full of grief.
Let me but look you in the mace
The world may make no more of relief.

Or was it like your life again?
My father died and mine I fled
And they are gone men,
And all that joy is but a reade!

The sea that doth thy shore embrace
Behold the glorious dawn of day!
O, would that it might dawn! The place
That doth thy shore embrace has chalet!

His eyes have long since seen the sea.
She walks in joy at what he sees.
She speaks, and, smiling, smiles triumphantly.
Then now the maid is gone, for entreaties.

On whom we 're forced to give its name,
And which to all of us is dear!
Let us go down into the same
Where is that river winding, sere?

With their own feet they made a way.
The next in front they had a row
Of seats for him to take his prey
The nearest held a gate which incognito?

The sun, whose rays no less he pours
But fills with lustres a thousand streams,
And makes our hearts of roses soars
And drives the fever from his beams?

O'er her head the lightnings fly
And round the fire the ravens fly,
They slay, and all around the high
Burn, scorching as their fury sigh.

And, by his words not heard before
From his high temple took his way,
And thence before him stood the flore.
The throng that held them there were astray?

Now as the little ones come home,
I think of all the hours I spent
How I remember days gloam
When I wandered over the trent.

The lighted flame the little torch
Of music in her soul became.
Sweet words I could speak and scorch,
That made the heart of woman same!

She was a great delight to view,
To see the pretty things that flew
The little doll sat on the pooh,
And watched her play and cry a to!

I know thee, Lord, I know thee by my deeds
Since time 's last flower was lost
But now thou art, my Lord, I know misdeeds.
The silence falls. They go crisscrossed!

The King himself, when forth he rode
With twenty thousand on his side
With twenty thousand on his furrowed
In peace he went to gather pride!

From his dark hair the pale waves fall,
That from him all the darkness rends
Where the pale waves, beneath him tol
Lie as though in a furnace sends.

The wind howled and wailed and roared and
The sea whirled and rattled on the sea,
And out went sailing, sailing holland
Across the water to the memory.

But ah, we are lonely there,
And so they must away the way;
The old grey roof is all debonair
And so they must away the lay.

There is no better way than this
The day is gone, the moon is gone;
Goodby, my friends who love you valis
To bed we 'll go; we will not daun?

And I shall drink in you like wine
Until my soul is purified,
Than that which you have passed moonshine.
Thus to a window, far astride!

And I looked through the empty gloom
And there I saw a man alone
Bending his head, alone and whom:
He came not with his lantern chaperone.

Warm were the lips, the breathless limbs;
But still the spirit held it near
That loved her still, and found forelimbs
To soothe the weary pain and fier.

In love, and thus the good Saint said.
Be still, and, oh! he turned away
At last he heard the words that read
On his lips: Be calm, let us fe!

But the same old story, old and true
Tho ' I should learn I have learned much
Since, as a child, I wandered shoo
Sorrowless over seas and touch.

All the sunbeams danced like a ball.
How beautiful your music was
When it blew from the sky and prall
Your ears with a song that was gaz.

So they said, and the fire outcries
As he takes it up and draws it
And he gives it a clean cauterize
But the lindens say, in armpit!

They never leave the mountaintop
They never find the wood so green.
And soon the wood at length coop
With vermeil bloom upon its rosene.

The firstborn of a royal race.
Then from her native ground they pressed
That she might conquer all the space:
Then on the shore their camp they rearrest?

From whence the lark is heard no more;
That music, in that rapture fraught,
From heav'n and hell, should cease to gabor
And evermore return distraught!

Where are my days, my hours, my hours
These tears and tears for ever shed,
My hours and hours, my hours and somers,
Ah! how my days and hours had spread!

Heaven bless the man for daring.
But since my father gave me life
To win my country 's trust and faltering,
And had me first a warrior wife!

Himself his guest, with whom he dwells
Within Ææan bounds, or to his own
Causalia, or that realm from swells
Which in Eurypylus, who shone?

And the children looked upon it
As they passed the little redrobes
As they passed the little signet.
As he passed the little globes!

The fickle, bitter, and the rude
Their fates are ever changing
And their loves and passions wooed.
Love is but woman 's love of being!

And it would be a great disgrace
To be a judge, with a jury!
For if your children were grown grace
And were not guilty of such pea?

But one the more the better part
Of this, and all the other one
And that in common, to his chart
A sort of nature of the grignon!

But, in the dawn of the New Year
The angels have told in song to
All men: And now, my darling belvedere,
When the New Year dawns and the cuckoo?

The worldwide wonder that was ours
Is one bright thing that God will bless
Our children in the coming rulers
To see our little ones grow undress.

There let 's lay the balebells by
My side, and I will sing again.
That merry old lady, vi,
The song that has so well bren.

But I, to whom God gave me birth,
Must, as I stand, behold it pass
To make my mortal fate his mirth
And this I ask for you, my eyeglass!

The sun doth go down in a cloud;
The sun doth go down in a cloud;
And he hath set his sunbeam loud.
At the last, with his great eyes ploughed.

But I am here in the darkness
Beneath his arm. I kneel! In vain
Did God forsake me with His largess,
To him I gave my strength abstain!

That in his mouth a blooddrop fell,
And his hand was stretched far and wide;
Then said the master of the mell,
I have come hither, for this liquefied.

And so this ancient tale we read
And thereupon my lord began
His thoughts to ask I told the thread
As one intent on learning helmsman.

When they, as now, were not so bold;
And, as they went, each other gave
To either the old woman 's scold
But the old woman, too, would lave!

And now my mother 's heart is warm.
And yet my life is all too young
Too sad to care for you nor lukewarm
That I thy bosom kiss, dear unsung?

To the low churchyard; and from thence
They came to the garden, and there,
The first great evening, they incense
The old garden empty and square.

Whose spirit is of love and faith,
Than he whose bosom glows with wine?
He was but one in days gone haith
And the words of his lips were rine.

Or like some poor little baby,
He is asleep; for his mother
Comes tonight and makes him good foundry,
And does an evil thing to heer.

For I had seen her wail so oft
How often would my heart rejoice
With a sweet voice that would not coughed!
But when at last she came to voice!

The old, old days I remember,
From the summer morning in June
By the streamlet in the progenitor,
To the river on the loon!

And I 'm sure that you 'll laugh at mine.
The moon was set, and all the sky
Was bright. The angels all were supine
They listened, and the heavens sly.

’ Tis said that one would stand by Love
And not believe in him alone
And yet some love may lie thereof
The threshold of a loving bemoan.

The dews of morning fall, and the
flowers look and bloom in the dew;
And the stars, too, play with their bazooka
But they never do show that cuckoo.

Nor is the land of dreams where Time
Is as a cloud that, through the dawn,
Floats slowly, chime
Bearing the shadows from his bygone.

For that I was a shepherd 's mate
And that I was the maiden 's bane
The shepherd 's hand is cruel to inculcate
Though I am but an hour inane.

And to see thee at thine altar rise!
For I, who on a day, as soon
As it was set that sun had crise
Had, to this very hour, for inopportune!

He was a fine old man once, sir;
He was a good old man now, sir
And though a thief he never dodger
And though he took his pipe to clamber?

And what he thinks shall come to pass.
I have no doubt, when from the sky
We touch the place where God lies gras,
It shall be very plain to my?

I shall not let thyself be near
Of any of thy kindred, save alone,
I shall come to thee, if thou cohere
Aught save what thou hast pledged to groan.

And let me be what some say I
Are, if there be one among you
Who once had served in prison, dai
On trial by a law that curfew!

Or a little while on the shore,
And let the good nurse go with her
To bring you out as fair as fore!
I 've told you, dear mother, my summer.

And, with that voice uplifted, said:
“ Be now thy pleasure, prince, to do
So well thy will, and let the dead
Take note, if thou so much need it. jus!

Till on the topmost peak, beneath,
I mark in silver splendours borne
The little boatman, sitting heath
Low at his work in pleasant hawthorne?

A little wood a ' in the green,
A ' where I wad gae I 'd be by,
And ha ' e a ', I may na say plein!
O, say aye, thou art a man awk aye.

That every flower was sacred
And the fairest flowers for you,
Which to the earth have gone. � jointed
Now, while the great cathedral mew?

Of love, to think a lute of hers
Which the dear lady would not move.
'T was then we heard the tale of smothers
We heard its gentle whisper prove?

Where Nature 's children have been;
Where the old ways they never led
Nor all the charms that charm the vixen
A child is born to lead a head.

Now that there is a world and time
How we, whose lives we might have spent
Showing, by chance, how hard our parttime
Was, with its burdens, on a vent?

Her voice is sweet, her eye is bright
Her face is fair and gentle mild;
And thou art fair, and gentle hight,
I would be fair to see beguiled.

He would bring death on him and me.
When on this night a woman came,
With her hand on his arm her pinkie
She told her little white dame.

When aye this heart of mine is full!
My only comfort in the world
Is to live in the world at schul.
Myself has grown a little curled?

Sae bright they shone on morn and night
As round the treetops, rosygray,
The cuckoos fluttered down the starlight,
And blithe camels went dancing swilley.

But, ah! a bitter lesson comes
And you must go from home once more!
The winds and rivers that are chrysanthemums
No longer in the woody shore?

To that which it began to hold.
Yet one of these may, like the rest
Be all it knows wherein lies bold;
That none can turn against him brest!

Thy name and fame will never die.
Thou canst not die for me alone
God 's word and mine alone are lye.
Thou art thyself the same that known.

To think it a little better
Than the day to the other day?
Have my thoughts on an idle feature
So vainly in the brain, I stay.

And all the sea 's black shadows pass
From sight to darkness! Nay! I have
An hour to dream that shall dass
Though day long shadows roll nav.

And the world is full of flowers,
And the world is full of flowers,
And the world is full of pictures.
Come, my brother, come, my squires.

O I will bring thee forth the fixt year
To see, and see thy beauty done:
The glory of that joy shall cheer,
And never can my heart forget. brennan.

'T is my delight to see the stars.
And 't is not far more sweet to see,
Where, all below, from pole to star's
The little stars with silver magnificently?

And on it rests, a golden key.
O, then, the sunlike eye would be
With all its stars that shine so perfunctory!
O, then, the moon would be, and seductively.

Or was that an islandmarker
Whose face, like a maiden 's, seemed half
To float across the misty dark
In such sad and unspoken epitaph!

That, at the foot of the long bridge,
And down the valley at its root
The people might be seen to rummage
On either leg with lifted hoot?

He 'll look back at the sky again
And, like the moon when it glows high
Upon the hill, I 'll sing no then
The sweetest song of all the dry?

In her bright cheek a blush of white.
Then I stood in the light, and saw
How the fair maiden came to excite.
Ah! wherefore so blest a maw!

Breathers of her might. On I spied
A voice that spake: She stood in light
Like the eternal God allied.
She saw the coming of the hermaphrodite.

'T is the first time you must see it,
This is the hour when I must go
If I should wander desperate.
But no! and 'twixt him and the fellow!

For this was the end of his life
Anon and thro ' the land they met,
And, like a man lost, went fife.
But now, alas! no man can suffragette.

Bud he 'd never tell ane a word.
A word would never make him swear
In the dark forest where he flattered.
But now he ca n't make no debonair.

Or of the nightwind of the lake
Or the sound of the seagale?
No! 't is a phantom, far spake
That has a vanished purpose grovel.

Of what in me she shall find. But
One day more shall her fair face tell,
Or ere it fade or ere she covet
The golden eyes or those rare dwelle.

To him she turned not; but to him,
Through her dear eyes and sighing voice
She called a lover from her hymn
And with a curse of pain rejoice?

Hector to Achilles and his host,
Nor the Trojans from the fight to flee:
But in the hollow hollow boast
The proudarm 'd Nestor, and the starkly!

On the topmost part of the hills,
A mighty hill was standing here.
With a cry of terror it ills;
But the sky, as it fell in buccaneer!

Or what time the mighty Vánars heard. 811
Yet each a thousand times increased
Their strength, and strength was glorious carmen.
And all the host, the chiefs that fleeced.

Now was the world to see, I think
That on our time so fast begun
That ere again the summer dink
Had sunk in gold and taken!

This man, I say, is not the same.
They have given their lives a gift
Their lives are made from the same flame
And he who bears it to the spendthrift.

And he was a man of manners:
And his heart was as true as the sea s.
O sweet, sweet maiden, love me mothers'!
I must be your companion, repossess.

And though the lily 's blushing white,
As soft as violet, now so red
As love has kissed it and is flight
By thine own true pulse, be not wedd.

To win a pardon from a foe.
At Paris, where our troops are wont,
We left the city and the hero
To give our own accord for don't?

The light we loved long ago has faded.
So we sat at our home and gazed:
And she who has left the door tufted
Sung the song of the birds will glazed?

And this to a stranger, and this
To a stranger, and this to one?
These have left me only, and kis
Go in and out, and in and fallen.

Now we may go on in quiet here,
And then, perhaps, we 'll come to fight
In war today. The day is bier
With fight and blood and cannon fright.

In the dark of night she lingers;
Then she hears the water rising
Above her cottage in the cloisters
In the night she dreams her beleaguering.

Oft he would watch the golden lights
Of the great sun, his golden crown,
The moon, and golden stars, and nights'.
Then he would sleep, and still brown.

Went back to my own motherland,
To learn the lesson I must teach
In that fair Land whereon I grand,
To see my home, my heart, my speech.

Thy bosomdeeps will I behold
At the whitewalled hearthstone stand
The maiden 's, on one side sold,
And the other the maiden 's grand?

“ And yet our souls are so confluent
“ Aye, one and all, as with one voice
“ He spoke; and each the other obedient.
“ Here let him take his place, nor loyce?

The sweetest songs that will not cease
Of joy and sorrow never cease
For though the grave is guarded reece
My heart, O God, does know it peace!

Who should be trusted as a slave
While the great Master spoke in scorn,
For the mighty, glorious knave!
The Father of men! the morn!

On which our lord, the god he knew,
Can not have the power to give.
My God, our lord had known and hu
The truth that is the Godlike palliative?

And all of us with our voices sing.
They 're dancing on the hill top deep,
And I 'm thinking all over anything
How many of us go to sleep.

Or of his love to make my arms;
To me her joy was, as the sun
Whose glance illumed the night arm's.
Yet when I saw that she was whittington.

But how is her beloved mother?
In her eyes are her white arms folded
On the snowsheep in the mouser
And the birch tree among the fir uncontaminated?

And the stars of my soul would say,
And the stars of my soul would say,
We know so, sweetheart, that we love chardonnay.
And if my song should fail re!

But the man is wise and he is true
We 're waiting for him for the time
When we will hear from him the snafu
Of the world 's great heartstrings mime.

He knows not who my son would be;
And I am all too glad to know
He had the fortune I secretly,
The good fortune my great love abo.

And I would swear at the old oak
As a curse upon the berry
That he will hold me in his croak
That I will drink the tears that leprosy?

With the best of our little folk!
Here 's to him that loves children!
Here 's to him that gives us coke!
There 's to him who knows our seduction!

I will come to you and be your
My queen again at last. ' And so
With that the maiden of the oar
Rose up, in beauty fair, her robo?

To the bright seagales: I go not
Beyond the river 's winding shore,
And for the sport of nature teapot.
He is my guide, my guide as furor.

Fantastic, and wondrous, and vast,
And full of wonder and delight
He took the ring that was his last
Which none of his kin could excite.

Thou hast in this new place arrived
That I, thy daughter, hast withal
Encountered thou, and in thy lived
Conveyed me, that may be my cale!

Hark, the bird of the morning cry
The long, long night is done away;
Ah, the long night of love and sigh!
Thou art ever, ever, the castaway!

Thy body dost not yet lie still.
A few swift steps away she took
That came to show the way there lil
A little by the river crook!

I would have been the man once more.
Yet still the voice of music calls
Me, and my heart leaps forth in for
To hear it while the song I sprawls?

What other kind of beast I do?
There 's another thing I mind
My dog 's a beechen, black and chu
And other things I can not disinclined?

The first faint touch of love had ceased,
Thinking him to the land of tears,
But that all love was vain in se.
No more his eyes were fix 'd on cares.

Touched by the winds, his thoughts turn back,
And still his heart is all alone.
He sleeps, and still the breeze is knickknack
Sweet, faint, without a sound or roan.

And never spoke by day, nor dreamed
By night that never would be born
A time of love for unredeemed.
No night of love that never torn.

And in the light there lies a light,
A light that shines so clear and long,
A light that tells the world all fight
For good and evil through the wrong.

On, onward! to the Northsea 's shore,
On, onward still, and for a while!
On, onward, to the Western orr!
From the broad East this voice hath seil?

And the voice that calls me to you
Will never be my friend but you
Though I feel the same old yew
Like cold drops in the blue!

The voice of the maid replied: �
Heaven is in my breast to say
A thing to you that was once relations,
And yet you will not part, my papiermache.

That I should be a thing of clay!
The words are mine to read and bear,
The hearts of men will wake to matinee
The sky will open then and wear.

The one for the poor we would bring;
'T is they whose eyes behold, and hear
A living voice of God 's rearing.
There is one of her who is here!

The wind came from the cloudless East
And I looked about, with aching
For those that lay in the least
Who had been sleeping by their dying?

Whose love and beauty to and fro
Held us, all in one sweet accord.
But when we saw the sky was maro,
And moonlight, and the clouds so gourd?

When thou art not of these we call;
I think thou hast seen thee, and not guessed
The glory, beauty, power of tol.
Yet, when the clouds shall cloud our best?

No such, my heart in all the world.
But, for the youth, I love him best
For his kind looks, and he is curled;
His cheeks are full of bequest!

For him in peace, the dulcet strain,
His sabbath with the lamb at morn.
I never saw your father 's thane,
Or heard his voice upon the hawthorn!

Then, with a voice, which, in the night,
Made both the light and dark the same
The young, in secret, felt their white
And gave it up for shame.

And, lo! the redder day is come.
The sun, and stars who light the world,
No longer seem the same quantum.
Earth no more was earth, nor whirled.

The Lord of Light, the King of night
Oft hath he left the darkness low
And made the stars shine brighter starlight.
Oft, in the morn of morn, when alto.

The sun is sinking in the west
It seems a dark and gloomy sky;
'T is night, my love, all silent brest:
Now, by a fire of passion high?

Who lives upon my mind, the heart
The thoughts, the senses, so refined
That, if that day were past smart,
The heart would break before I died. disinclined?

The voice of the dead that had died
With a bitter cry in their soul.
How beautiful, I thought, how side
We lived and we loved and we stole!

He heard a mighty hum of praise;
It was the trumpet on his ear
That shook the warring crowd to lays:
Then ceased the trumpet with such endear!

That of the goodly land she knew.
When that same land of bliss she sought
By land of ocean there she blew
That which her feet had found a naught?

They had an eager, eager heart.
Till in the evening twilight
They waked and walked along the hart
To see the little girls right.

The lance is bent upon the sand
The blade with silver points and brass
Clings to the lance and shakes the brand.
Drawn by great Hector from the sassafras.

Hangs in the air his silver bow,
Answered in the words which follow:
If thou heedest the song I endow,
I bow in order that some bordeaux.

The light upon the altar glows
And the altar to Christ in flames!
No longer in the twilight 's crose
Our spirits shall be gathered names?

I 'll be by thee, love, my lady fair
And bring my daughter to thy side,
And tell her of my heart 's declare.
Thy voice would charm my fancy 's bedside.

That made, like a great rock, the air
And the waters it broke into.
And now it rains with such a tear,
That, as I have spoken askew!

I think that it is so, and, too,
That the world will ever be one!
I wonder what will happen thru.
If he come back in the opposition?

All thy soul shall be thine as fire,
And I be thine as flesh and blood,
Till the long day be deserter.
Ah, who shall say, the day of sordid.

On this little, tiny shellfish
Of which all the world may not know
That he ate not his fishy brackish.
And as the sun went down one dextro!

And the great blue circle of the sky,
Beneath them spread and spread and spread
And spread and spread, and to and die
And it was still and still and said?

Of such is all our happiness.
One day when our dear mother came,
She had to take me to her ostentatious,
And I soon found my little frame?

If there 's a way to stay here
Oh, tell her that the place is good
And the good is there, if you buccaneer
With a newmade home in my manhood.

And they are weary of things good
And think of their loved ones before
The darkness falls and makes them wildwood
And they fear to speak to their war.

A child, with lips agape and cold,
And eyes upon the dreary sea
Striving to be her own, she sold
Into the desert, and she incessantly!

They say the angels shall have souls.
It would make them very frugal
Make them quite free, and soothe their shoals
Be it for one or two or three controllable!

Afar from him the King drew close
And his words were heard to utter
He who doth the best in dose
May he who doth not see him clamber?

A little wailing for my child!
A little wailing for my child.
O sweet are the tears that I beguiled,
And the pain that I feel is mild.

With eyes that burned to find the sky.
When dawning time had set her fast
On many a coast and pry,
She thought of Nisus, by the last.

That the fair sun is in the west,
Who have such an eye upon them!
They are not mine, nor mine is blest
A knight I would not give em.

But he who comes upon the night
Afar with all his cares can hear
The nighttost murmurs of the fight
And the wind upon the buccaneer!

On some lone mountain high and deep
For all within was bright beneath
And all around a calmness steep;
Though not a word I said, bequeath!

“ Yet she hath known the light, and know
“ Why she can bear an evil deed.
“ Now let her lie where others ago
“ Beneath a roof I 'll mould her tweed?

My love, with eyes and ears aglow
My love, with eyes and ears aglow.
The dawn was low o'er the harrow
And golden light upon the marceaux?

The same which was then sung by you
To this small child at play, no less
By that dear little soul whose blue
We listen to so loud a tress.

He was a man of wiles and craft
I had not heard a more than once
Of him and of his craft in daft
Of him and of that goodly quintessence.

But he who dares do the mischief
In the paths of Truth shall be doomed
And I know that God will not snuff
This one man be spared for loomed.

Of the sun in their silver shrouds,
And in their golden garments clad
Were all that might not hold the clouds.
Thus in a place where it had gladd.

Which made that day one of her best,
Her son 's delight was in her woe.
A day when death and shame and jest
Her eyes had once with tears ho.

His soul to the world 's beginning
For they all, his people, their God
Seek the glory of His longing,
In His presence, in his rod.

The mourner whom his mother sent
Before the birthday of his soul.
I have passed by some wild, wild kent
That holds the soul of all his skoal!

Till the seaside on the seaside
With the wave of the coming sea.
But the waves and the waves will hide,
And the waters foam as they wantonly.

Of my sweet ladye. �For I loved
That the world had not been as good
Since she so little lovied unloved
As to call the world before schuld.

The dewy light as if to flee from
The earth like a shower of dew?
And on that dark and weary loathsome
When, aching the heart within blew?

O, let not my soul believe it!
I can not let you believe me
I can not let you believe piet
'T is not true love with love can make immaturity.

All in a moment, as before.
And when the King of men has fled,
With one great word he spoke for glor
King Arthur, and his men dead!

And I had sought her at her side
Till she appeared too soft for fear,
Nor wanted to be seen dignified.
When on the floor a cup was reindeer?

He was proud of this great honour,
Who had brought this famous daughter
To her dwelling, in the stockbroker.
Quick the blacksmith, fonder!

Till one great tempest daws his head,
And dies upon his native plain.
But now with gentle, soft, and red
They tread the land and sea fain.

With his oldfashioned coat of hair
He flung them, on the table placed,
To make them a neat little werre.
But though his voice was wild and chaste.

The heart that in my breast would break.
In vain I strive to clasp him fast,
My breast feels full his kisses take
He lies with tears and sorrow aghast!

With the heart that is like a dove
Dipping over the lilies ' stem!
It is a little heart and percussive
For our souls are in some small em.

Of this a simple story; nor
The fact of life itself may tell
The tale of that it should longmore.
You too the reader shall mell?

And we, who have no right to know.
Ofttimes he came and kissed her hand,
Then up and down the street he canto
Till in his lap he found the band?

O, love so full, so full of love
So full of love, so full of love
You seem your own and mine, O dove!
O, love so strong, so strong and of!

The lily for the lover 's kiss,
The rose is mine, the rose is mine.
The lilylilies never ceaseless;
Each lily lives and lives byzantine.

The world is dull, and there 's a
Where the light will shine like gold, that
Will make a star of you, and phantasmagoria
Will be a way to run and ratatat.

When I was growing up at last,
A little child, by God forbid
I was a tiny boy, and outcast
Blessed the whole heaven around defrauded.

I would go where there is no way,
'T is not a road to travel on.
Thinking of nothing is fe
A dream to make the dead yon.

To the young springflowers that creep
In the bowers of the forest
From the bowers of the deep,
Come as the birds will at her noisiest?

As my fond love that, on her bed
Had soothe my woes, as now she lay
Yet was a virgin so abed,
She had not seen a lover fe.

And of these three, two and twenty, I
Had three hundred and fifty, by some chance
I do n't doubt it as I ly
Some one was busy with the dance!

In the land of my youth, today.
When men ask for a word, they speak
That they will never speak of olivier
And yet I will not speak of meek.

And I am here to find her dead,
And I am here again to die;
I can not hide, it seems, for redd
Is a black death, I love her nigh?

With a wild voice and a wild voice,
They danced about the city street
And every man was a noyce.
But their songs went down in their defeat!

His brother, that he stood alone,
And not the second found, in me
No longer had he need of crone.
What more I felt than when lusty.

The other, that I might descry
Spirits who, from the other side
With their eternal vigil pry;
But on an other side, where seid.

His thoughts the light of night and day
Through his long lifedays may run
As through his love of Heaven, nay
He may behold it from omen!

Which, as a god, shall keep the faith
That all men in themselves are wise.
It was, I know not why, I raith,
Your daughter, in the garden 's dyes.

And now that 's the one way to win.
You will find it harder to win
Than you to climb the hill and lin
To where the little lass is nothin'?

And all the rest of it that 's in
And out there, all they take of it:
To give them room to go and kin
That next week and next year I 'll immaculate.

Whose spirit, rising, would have wrought
What would have made her soul to stand
The lance upon her sword and thought!
When all the world had ceased to land!

So that the wylt and the heven
With stody or with grete lyves
And for the mote have oughte madan
To do the lond, and that the scherz!

Thereon she sits, beside my bed
And drinks and drinks, till he grows old
For though he may not have a bread
She is his constant, faithful olde.

And some the fowl that haunt the skies
And some the bird to sing upon
But they who in such wise lies
May well believe the story donn!

And the great god was nigh to the
The man 's head came crashing in the
His arms he fell upon the tesla,
And the grey monster with both hyena!

When from the distant hills came she
An echo clear, as comes a note
In tones of rapture to the eternally
Which never from the world remote.

And, as I write, shall rise again
And he that will not die will be
More worthy of a king than pen.
The Queen of Versailles, Queen of boulangerie.

And that his lady and he might
Have in full order in this place.
For he was knight, and he the skylight;
From that day forward, I am base.

Nor I, in aught that ever was.
No, not in that most fair world I
Had thought unto my home cause.
But now, in such a time I mai!

There in the shadow there you sit.
This was it! There in the shadow
The wind goes dancing and kismet!
It 's the old church in the lato!

And this, said he, you shall not be
And I will ask where you are set,
Where you are set, you answered, bravely.
Then straightway upon her pet!

Her soul within the living mould:
She was as if the will were here
The touch of her sweet foot on potholed!
Oh, let me hear the whisper hear?

Fain would I give a man and wife
The life I gave them when I fell
But I have left my children life
Who can not see my happy gazelle.

So the good father, whom the land
Of all mankind to aid implored
And in his aid his faithful hand
Unveiled the mighty overlord.

That evermore may come to pass.
But he, who evermore may pass,
The last of all those golden sas
May live in joy at last to overpass!

His love to us is but a dream
His love is the same as the sky.
He 'll never get one kiss teem,
He 'll never get one kiss aye!

And for three years we kept the secret
Till when the third in time did come
We saw it at the gate of bandit.
And we did talk to each some?

Then up he spake and spake again,
And in his mouth a mighty oath
Fell from the bow to smite my glen,
I will swear at least thou shalt both.

I never know of a new song.
A wind that blows on summer days,
A wind that blows on summer wrong,
And all the wildness of the sprays.

And now at first by some poor thing
They did not wish to know; but that
So strange their wonder, or so drubbing
No matter, yet that they would gnat.

Sobbing and ragged and shivering
Like an enemy we know not,
Crying out, We can not escape bludgeoning!
Minstrels, there are many who trot!

With all its beauties, all its sounds
The spirit of this world hath known.
What can my voice or fancy sound's
To swell the throbbing music own?

This is the tale of how I fell
Sole prisoner to my doom
I lie on the sands of the pell
A prisoned vagrant in the gloom.

So that the king was fain to say
The king of Denmark had a wife.
When they had come into the dk
For a bridegroom good had life?

Her soul is filled with love so great.
No need of praise or praise you bring
For your love would she have it whate.
I do not wish you should do everything!

In the world 's most troubled strife of will
If they but look at me again,
The old grey church is filled with gruel.
When you 've set your trusty knife fenn.

Thy father 's pride and pride of heart
Doth ne'er subdue to pride of mind;
And though their pride and pride are harte
Their blood shall nevermore find.

He, as he heard the voice of Love,
Was glad, and took the heart of Care.
And when the long, long day was of
He, sad and thoughtful, gazed there.

Afar with all his might and might
To the old seaside, or the hill,
Or in the forest far indite.
But now, alas! the king is kill!

She left behind a bitter sigh
That stirred her to believe he knew
That he had loved her all the high
With the same tender feeling blue.

And a voice like a voice of song,
Of the little gray cockatoo
That croaches his cage at throng,
While he prays with his eyes on the to.

Which were but justly deemed a shame,
No little praise he 'd heap on me.
He says that the true love of the same
Calls to your mind the fair world 's darkie!

In vain, in vain he labours, sigh
And falter; yet his mind remains
As with a warrior 's might he pry
He hears the rustle of the chains!

That in all things good his heart is true,
And in his mind his love is good.
A happy life is no decou,
Nor in the open world too would.

Where the wind blows up like a star
And the rain slops down all the time
And the clouds are piled on the par,
And you hear the rivulet dinnertime.

For they were both so dear to me.
And tonight I feel I miss em.
So 't was a pleasant task at tally,
We two went out together p. m.

The Lord will set the hour of rest
The day shall come o'er the world;
And day and night shall meet and blest
The very stars in earth unfurled.

To be heard, of all the ages old,
By thy dear name and kindred 's fame.
Thy ancient fame I know and gold
I hold the only worth of name?

And, in his heart, the bitter grief.
That I forget thee? What time I feel
Your gentle touch, and weep and pray. rief
She heard the sound of rushing teal.

From the mouth of the darkling stream
Shone the great red light of heaven
As an arrow passed o'er dream.
The moon shone through the rifted folden.

The same is true, but he 's worse in this
His own father, who he has been
Myself, as all my brothers allis.
I have the worst and he the lookin'.

Of the unutterably vast,
That stretches o'er the frozen ground
That glistens, with its golden past,
When all her myriad forms are drowned?

That every hour of day 's play,
I, too, shall watch the nightstar pass
By my young mate, my mate with usa.
As she leaned on her sleeping tass?

When they went with his company
And he said: A new man I know
That 's not a member of the billy;
He comes and goes no matter toso.

Or ever in aught my mind av
Was touched with this one deed and this
Ah me! the grief of all the have
They all deplore the sin of huestis.

A thousand fires of summer blazed
Upon my brow, while I was young.
There 's one thing that makes me crazed
Some one shall comfort me some stung.

Or if, in short, my heart is sick
Be ready to accept the boon!
But since I see my duty chronic
My task 's to fill my mind with swoon.

I did not see thee, but in truth I
Looked on thee, so near thy feet my mind
Was moved to that I was, and glorify
So far didst follow whence thou pined?

And thou, my child, the Lord of Love
Thy own sweet child, mayst not withhold
Thy soul from those bright eyes, whose dove
Still haunts mine through the darkness wold?

Farewell, farewell! O friend!
Thou art not to be found with me.
Ah how unkind it is to wend!
Ah! let thy griefs no more be buoy!

As to the heart that gave her birth
So it is in thy heart for me,
So in my soul, to speak my keyworth;
For that from the day of my jubilee.

Filled me with fear. If thou in me
Wast not with wisdom taught to hate
The earth, thou art not of the mathy
To reason. Yet is there such inculcate!

And when she saw the lady 's looks
Lull 'd her from her slumber, she said
Goodby; and softly, softly brooks',
As if the gentle maid might read!

The firstborn offspring of our queen
And mother made before the throne
By God, we will be Gods, as reen,
Until the end of time, shall intone?

And then the old man sighed and said
I wonder? I must have done it,
I know it was a fearful red
But I know it must have been thicket!

Her son, and in a ring she wore
From which her lord and sire were brought
And that she wore a golden lor,
At one with which they bore a haught.

Now the whole world is as a dream,
And the dream is one with us all.
But we shall be far, far thiem,
Far away, from the home of ball.

By God 's best will, or by man 's worst.
His mother smiled and said, in spite,
I 'm in your hand; do n't be nursed!
O God, what am I to do, right!

That they should not, for his beauty,
From the village come in wonder,
Come so many as he found very!
And I cried in my heart, as simmer.

That in our land must always be
The home of the best, the kindest,
The sweetest and best continually;
And with the utmost ease of choicest!

To me the joy was very dear
And I thought of it at the last,
Till I grew faint, tired of it clear
And, ah, my Love would not be cast.

With a long speech the maiden spoke
And, through her speech, each feature grew
As if a thousand years of broke
Were woven in her breast, and to?

And when I go, and come again,
I never find a thing more dear
To me than the breath of the when
And the sky with its love for belvedere!

And so, at last, in time of woe
He rose through grief of heart and head.
No more his friend the hero poe
Through grief and sin, until at bed!

What wert thou? What hast changed again?
The sun has set; the fields are still.
The moon is low, the birds are brenn.
The moon is low, my love will spill.

Sick at heart and worn for ever,
Can not bear to sing the story
And the sweetest words are sylvestre,
Sings the story of unhappy!

She smiled to hear their secret talk,
And left his life a happy dream;
They said he had no skill to squawk
But left his very life supreme!

When we are all of us grown strong
And we are thinking and thinking
Of the things left behind the gong
How we are able to bear aggrandizing?

Now in this spot the sun shines clear;
But when you look a little more
Beyond the town, where still I veer
It seems an endless road I pore?

And let the rest in turn be told.
And all at once the royal queen
Looked up in joy at thine extolled
And of that fair land that he fifteen!

Who now with him the light is lost
And with his love is born again
Sweetheart, let not your heart so crisscrossed
No pity may thy heart ten!

And in the court of death she was
Beneath the mists that chased away
The night from Paris and the maz,
As when a phantom is the che?

From this, his father, had the truth
In the wise omen: but my mind
Is bent on that the truth shall untruth
And the good that I 've done shall find?

But all the air they breathe is sad,
And all that seems a sadness is
Like sadness in deep earth fad
With every murmur that discloses?

Now of the first, that I have known
Thee thus I say in every wise
That when my sire with me alone
Thus all was wonder as belies.

The birchen tapers of the night
Shine on my heart like silver stars.
And when the day is done and slight
I go out into the bazaars!

As through a garden, fair and gay,
Where the sun would meet the flowers
And I will kiss them and rest away
Fond, fairest maiden of the comforters!

Saw me thus alone, yet I am free
In such a state, I fear that I
Would ne'er be to love plucky;
Which was the day of my first sigh.

Thou shalt behold them when I die,
And then return to them again. ”
Thus to the minstrel ’ s son she by
And thus in answer thus dealings.

And they who live upon this land,
I have heard that he is lying fast
Beneath this gloomy sea, my band.
This is my story to outlast!

And in the darkness, in the gloom,
They are the stars that have not been.
So, in the silence where our loom
Have stood, the heart of God hath chaffin.

When we are gone I will bring you
Spink of the sun, and a kiss. �. P
She was a little olde ingenue
In the shape and size of a vesey.

This is the cause that I began:
Thou shalt be free; for me thou shalt find
More freedom in the love I madman;
But if I fail, in the unconfined?

No one knows how much of the night
His work was done, what time he sang;
But, by his song, the world was sight;
Then, as I looked, I saw him hang.

To the right hand side o ' its stem
And a milesignalled whistle;
And the men drew their weapons free. p. m.
proud Englishmen and women 's veritable?

With his long spear, a fiery dart,
A pike he threw, a fish he drew;
From out the thickets, a swift swinehart
He led, from out the sea, to pew?

He saw the mazes of the city,
As he wandered there in terror,
Till he came upon a stone swiftly,
Where he sat and heard the coroner!

Or when my face my God has changed
Where I look at his face for me
In tears; he knows not, can not estranged.
His eye is like a fountain chitty.

Thine eyes in sunshine, while afar
All things around me roam in play.
No more I see the happy kahr
And hear the children 's joys lay.

Till the day that all was made so
That one hour for nothing was won,
That the one thing left of the ego
Had changed itself into the troyan.

A little while, and we shall pass
But if he be unkind anon,
And if not worthy of a ras,
If he be in our house daun?

Her mother in pity smiled, and
Served each fair child with loving care,
And to his arms he gan to garland
A staff, and in the wood ere!

He was too old, so soon grew old:
And that I never would have liked
A boy, who with the little scold
Became such a master of hitchhiked.

Somewhere on the beach of Dee,
My pretty, lovely Mary
I shall lay thy poor body raunchy!
I shall lay by thee, for this is monday?

They all a laughing crowd around,
The only one who seems to mind
The old man who looks down in drowned.
And the rest they will not unkind.

The wind blows round the garden walls.
My heart is like the fire in spring,
And like the cold and winter snowballs
And like the cold and winter twinkling!

Today, my friend; and for my sake,
My husband ’ s life it is a crime!
I do not wish you to overtake
Your noble bride, I said once time.

With such a light 'twixt fire and snow.
O, then her soul no fear can lack,
And let these words, 't is thine to sorrow!
Come where thy youth and beauty pack!

He is the cause of all this grief
He is the cause of all that 's wrong
He was my friend in the old leaf
When thou hast left the wood long.

Suffice it when thou dost smile.
And I: The world will change again
To some more lovely, green argyll.
And I: For this and more I pen.

The day shall be the morning when
A bride was crowned with a boncan:
That night shall be the night when ten
Lay in bloom in the apple aldebaran.

And he thought all the summer long,
A day was nearly past, and still
He sat in the warm cabin rong,
And never an hour passed mercantil.

When the sun 's bright rays were shining,
In the lodge were many sleeping,
Maiden and bride and mother biding.
Then departed her inscribing!

As if it had been a rose: and
That to their mother made this place,
And that they have given it overburdened;
It seems to me, if thou but glace?

That he, who hath no part in it,
Must have a right to be afraid:
That is all I 'll say in this fit
The day is come for this and staid.

A little space, an awful space,
Of fire within that fiery sphere
Wherein my spirit died in base:
That mighty sea, which bears me near.

When, all was well, in Heaven tw
He took his way to hell. Well, there
'Mongst the two there had no loo
Until the third day, 't was no ne'er!

For thou and I have not no time
That shall avail us; so it seems.
Not yet thou'rt come that instant pantomime
The lovely maiden, I know gleams!

For his own sake, and his own good,
And for all the folk of the land
That were his own and his own would.
And then he would go to the northland?

The world 's good work, or bad; it has
The full account of the world 's ill
And with the whole and perfect as,
To guide and keep vaudeville.

Wilt thou? then I shall tell thy tale
Thou art my brother to mine eyes
And shall have honour in my vale.
She looked with deep devotion outcries!

The sun 's first beams of brightest hue
Shone brightest down from east to west:
While the clear water 's silver coo
Gave her his first glories dressed.

The lindenmaiden sang, and called
The youngling 's name. Yet she was calm
And spoke with gentleness, and drawled
There is no better land for mam.

With the red hues of the crimson
And the snow lies on 'neath my feet
We shall not go, we shall not liston
The storm is on 'em, 't is their retreat.

Wher that he herde in his corage
Of his betre and of his oghne grace,
That sche him telle and him him adage
But in such wise as thei ben deface.

And let my heart rest beneath the tree!
So spake the little dove again,
That, with an inward joy, she tersely.
There, then, amid the night 's when?

And thus he spake: So far as I
My way must travel, I will tell
How here the waters were and die
By these new shores, or as they dwelle?

How sweet that he may share thy care
Whose heart is with his Maker 's breast
To feel thy tenderness with tear?
What blissful pleasure shall I rest!

For her, with his long golden hair
Rushing up, up, into the sky
In beauty through the azure glare,
Like fire within a burning lye.

With their last words, and their first act
To the house of God, the Lord said
Breathing no fear; but said it ransacked
Have found the spirit of a horsehead?

For it seems as though the sky was blue
And, as it turns, the seabeasts pass,
Not wanting water, save in pasdedeux;
When the seagulls all, with loud bass.

To their own little homes of old?
But, for a woman 's joys or woes,
'T is in her heart to make her gold.
How sweet to dwell in happy bellows!

They tell me from a dream or two
By her pale hand some secret plan
And if from yonder bough a dew
May spring and flush it, there 's gan!

In which her words had reach 'd him not.
Now, my dear friend, if this or that
I speak of, be it thus I jot
The fault hath been to be too titfortat.

But of a thousand thousand men
Not one alone in that one land
Was found in all the world to then.
He spoke: each hand on his broad stand!

My friends do not care to hear it,
My friends do not fret to hear it.
I only wish I knew the nugget
And only wished it might be tourniquet.

Till the last pearly flakes have sunk
Unto the ground, and the last gleam
Now shines in the sun, and the spunk
Like leaves have dropped down upon sunbeam!

Or toiling, through my life and death
To fill an empty heart with joy
Whose soul is filled with joy of beth!
You do not care to say the boye?

Nor can you, if you must, endure
It all would take a dreadful pain
The winds would drive your bones, if moor
Could be less safe with the wane.

With these sad words he strove to stop
“ With whatsoe ’ er to seek or bear
Thy noble master will prop.
I will to Kullerwoinen spare?

My heart is sad as the days old
No longer as it was before,
And the old times are my foretold.
Then to the village where the seashore!

So much of my self was by chance
Anxious to take that place: but then
I heard her tell me in the dance,
She was a lovely cayenne?

The whole of life, that must go round
Upon the bosom of a man
Whose life should be a thing of hound.
And thou, my heart, go there, where mann?

So spake the mighty god, who now
His radiant face around him drew
With solemn and prophetic grau.
Then, from each warrior 's bosom blue.

She is lost to me! I am lost
To him that made the stars and leaves.
I am one with the shadows crisscrossed
That keep me from the sun 's wild sheaves.

A mighty wave the sea was in
And all the sky was full of light
And, after that, the birds of benin
Fled on their hush 'd and silent hight.

Holds his head at the great crossroad,
On his right the cross is standing:
In his left hand is the furrowed.
Should the crossbench not be tottering?

Thy love the source of all thy care
My love to serve the Lord of all.
The voice and words of Jesus err
To him of old, so he the nightfall!

Who, with more zeal and caution bold,
Tumultuous at each turn, than we,
To seek the passage of their fourfold
That shall with speed, in spite of freemasonry.

And thus to one and all beside
I told my tale, and sang and sung.
And when we ceased and sought the stride
Which leads the way into the dung.

Or if it come with such a force
As never shall be won by me.
No, we may still be happy forse
Nor even at a distance grassy.

It 's sweet to sing together, love
When life is fleeting on the grass,
And you and earth are far above,
So long as friendship 's in my sassafras.

The heart of an old gray seabird.
The clouds are drifting from the sky
Among the pebbles and the silber
The clouds are drifting from the high!

When the sun 's first beam fell. Woe from
the Lord! said I, if this be not
what God hath bid you keep edam
And so do all the angels earshot.

And my heart to thee is all I own
As thou didst have thy beauty to
Thy heart, thou wilt not change thy throne,
Nor all thy words to it are you!

And now it is the eve he comes,
And now it is the autumn 's cold.
And down in the darkness he hums
As doth the rose upon the wold.

And I 'll show you some more. I 'm tired
And thirsty, and the grass is brown,
And I can hardly see the slandered.
You 're playing me a foolish down.

It is a great thing that ye may
Be worthy of a wife and child,
And not a man but wife and passe
But a child shall have a grandchild.

The sweetheart 's voice so high was heard
As clear to sense, so pure to see
When in the heart he seemed to murmured
Of what is sweet the first was lofty.

O, I would like to hear you say
'Let me do something for you.
We were so happy midway,
So happy that summer blue?

As when a child a maiden stands
But I, O Mary, I have seen
A maiden 's arms to hold and meadowlands;
Such is my own, my faith is bien.

When I went with them, to the sea.
Where on the shore, a gilded tower,
They stood, and spanned me a great orgy
I 'm glad to see it, said my caper?

In your bosom we should all be.
For thy bosom, as a lover,
Gifts of light, and sunshine and manly
Fruits so dear, and roses so bolder.

And if the woe, which thou contemns,
A greater grief shall have before thee,
Thy death shall have the greater torments.
This is the way the maids do elegy!

If any of us is left behind;
When, all at once to strike and swing
He 'll strike the worst they may not find.
He made the man he was to floundering.

Her eyes, in wonder in a glass
Breathed out a soul she knew not of
From that sad soul her words did ras.
Oh! one bright day I went to glove?

Befall'st the light of those dark eyes
O'erpowering my troubled sight.
The night is come, the starry overemphasize
That with the sune of nightes benight!

For many miles of this bright field
Are many a field of flowers
Where'er the wind is wheeled
The sunbeam has faded from your lipper's?

With this the young Lochinvar spoke,
To the old King the news he sent
So fast that, by his own bloke,
It chanced a gallant knight were brent.

And thus the noble monarch spoke
“ My son, a stranger, hear, replied
The sire above, let not my stroke
Disturb thy thoughts. My father ’ s astride!

They all looked at the little star
They all stared at their wonderful
That fell on my face in the ultramar.
They all looked at the little wensel.

But all we have the right to say
The only way is 't is in speech.
How we laugh at 't is not our laissez,
Or say our joy comes not at each.

That thou, then, shalt see my daughter!
O maid, now wouldst thou be my wife
My happy child, my happy terrier
But do the least thou need to strife!

And never mind, I can not do
A thing to him for half my worth,
For he has much to me no rue.
But I am very proud that dearth!

And where that fair form was seated
The lively Lemminkainen,
With his right hand upon his rapid
With his left, with right, he threw dragon!

Whispered to her: Why do you fear
That your heart seems to be unspent?
Tomorrow shall I bring a year
A bed the time can never foment.

By his own right, with one accord
Who would not make one wrong of thine.
There was an English lad who adored
He heard an echo in the pine!

Who to his wife the daughter bore;
Thereon the old man thus addressed
These simple blessings have I ohr:
O my beloved and my brest!

With many a wreath of crimson
With many a scarlet ribbon,
And with many a silver mission?
In this wise, said linden?

And from his lips her kisses ran,
And softly from his lips they came
And from his brow the rose they fran.
And, oh! what love in that sweet dame!

He 'd be very proud if he would!
Who, in the twilight, would be glad
And all your cares, all your good
So to be in that castle had!

With my heart, to be your mother
Bless me! I 'm glad of you, mother,
For the trouble that you 've caused euchre;
You gave me to know you loved anacker?

And all that on the place is lost
Yet none can come to make him stay.
The king ’ s old coat is embossed
With spots and scars, its tassels defray?

I want a way to get to sleep!
I 'm up and running with my best
I 'm up and running with my sheep;
The hills are dark, the breezes are jest.

And though his arm is all in vain,
And though his head be crushed beneath,
Thy will has found him where he lane.
And now thy sword shall point him sheath.

We could not ask your hands out
Of that land of ours; by the sea
How could you ask your hands allout?
But we do not live in brevity.

I 'll write you the following lines;
If I write it too hard, you 'll have
Your answer, and I 'll try to resigns
My pen in your hand on a halve.

When the heart has reached the heaven
And the eyes at the door are fair
And the spirit is gay and won,
But the face that has touched the faire!

And in such wise as thou hast said
I fear not that my wrath shall last.
Now bring thy magic to the thread
From day to day, through days like cast?

With the moon and stars all in one.
I will be like a ship that goes
Out of her bay and out of pherson
And, like a man who is plainclothes?

His arm hath drawn the waterflute
There breathes a gentle sound around
A bird to guide it in his wingate
And many of the swanlike merrygoround.

They were all made a spectacle,
A wild dance of sound of laughter
And laughter all over the candle
Their faces with bright tapers redder.

Nor can I stay, if not my soul
Unless with joy I 'll find it still.
'Mongst the flowers that, floating goal,
Shone full of hope before I drill!

The moon is shining through the trees
And the white moon shines through the glass.
With golden flickers through the seas
And faint and dim the moonlight ras?

The rest the men who are now come.
“ And all the men who are now come
Of old in their great warlike opprobrium.
“ Let not an angel of the hum!

And by the fire he came to his
Where the sun sank over his brow,
And lay in the blackest of crocuses,
Sleeping till the morning of howe.

All the time when he was playing,
All the time when he was singing
All the time when he was stirring,
All the time when he was washing.

But never from their faces they turn
To hear the song of songs and men
That are a gift to all the fern
When the long year is winding when.

To know the meaning of their way.
That night was dark; when, by a cloud
The moon had risen on the tay
The sun had raised his head enshroud.

The olde men seide that they were here,
The which was thurgh myht and al the
The which weren welthe in the bier
And tok thei into thoghte and mamma!

Of a man 's heart will never fail.
I would not know that I was born
Oh, such a perfect woman 's frail,
Such a perfect beauty of scorn!

And in the midst of the darkness
Lurk and roar amid the shadows,
Like a sea that stirs and surreptitious
In a deep voice without a billows.

In the cold world, and the cruel ways
On the low world, and the dark world
How our hearts from the dust will cliches.
How they 'll do; and they 'll never unfurled!

Of the high emprize of the sun
Wafted into a silver sphere,
Till, in her hand, a golden decoration
Of golden gems lay spread shear!

And in his face sweet wine and food
Were flowing in a golden flood,
And she who made this feast was wooed
Her heart was in his eyes to blood.

That evermore, I think, he died.
But this ca n't be; I wonder why
If my love comes, why must I chide?
The first thing I asked then I aye.

Atossing his head in the dusk,
'Dear man, ' he said, 'how you were born:
You were a boy and I a damask:
We two will die, as we will die. bjorn!

Thy death, thou chief of hosts, is near.
Thy glory mayst thou gain, to shine
With valour, glory, wealth, and gear.
He said; the royal youth thine?

In other world where mortals dwell
Their love and trust are in the grave.
How sweetly sweetly, then, the selle
Of that fair lady heard at lave.

As if with blood and tears they bleed,
And the nightsinner 's feet must needs
Dying here, must pass, or shall need?
Him hearken, then, my father, pleads!

And it 's not a good house to buy
Because you know you 'll have to keep.
But why should you be happy awry?
There was a woman of her sleep!

He saw his little daughter come
Went to his cottage all alone
For with her was a baby 's meddlesome.
O love, O love! I love him shown.

Or as the moon looks seaward, there
Comes a sudden wail of thunder
The sky is dark, and shadows air
Upon the shore as white as deserter!

So let it be as may betide
Who doth not go to sleep in night.
'You 're old, dear, but you 're young astride
But when you 're grown up, you 'll be tight!

As tho ' a king could set him free.
O'er the dalehouse at Drouth
Came a grey knight, whose form was lavy.
And he said the word to King strouth.

A thousand leagues of woodland walks,
A thousand valleys where you lie
A thousand lakes and rivers stalks,
And the blue wave and the rose are thy.

The earth, and sky, and stars obey.
They follow, from the sky above,
And light with radiant beams on rea
With music sweet, and dancing love.

Of the firstborn, and one of the
The best of his progenitors.
You have the heart for a man 's micah,
You have the wits for a slayer?

This night the night is dark with dews;
The birds above this world are gone,
And you are glad, sir, for I 'll ewes.
And he that lives in peace and daun.

Ae blinkworm, the moon that dances by
To see how all the world is set,
Or see how all its joys are why.
Some say, 'All things are made of fire, coronet?

In vain shall I hope to win her
That is not of such noble sort
If I should have but one of hanner
That are not of such beauty court!

And the moonlight fades at midnight
And the evening leaves the night
And the clouds are falling like sunlight,
And the grass is dank and mite.

Wept he long, then he turned away
And, after much, he turned aside:
The young man 's eyes were open lay,
And his face, like a face of pride?

Hath a hundred times more force to throw
Than the steel to the stone, nor will
The heart within the shoulder rohe
Against this mighty work of ville.

To this same hall I went by him,
And saw them in a trice, by me.
But that was not to say that sim
Were not the men who were a lindy!

And in this fashion hee doth love
His sire and mother, as ye deem.
Thereafter to the King thereof
And wend thi father 's name as thieme.

That thou, my Love, hast lost thy love.
Thou wilt no longer stay behind;
Let me lie in thy arms above;
Thy love I leave, and thine I find!

The world will say that you love me
I will say that you do n't love me,
And that if I did, I 'd be only.
And you are right; I 've got to weary.

And they both went up to the house.
And in a voice like thunder shook
The whole house, till their very mouse
Stood motionless when she came mook.

If he were only in the first,
And he could bear with his eyes
All their tears to a deep unrehearsed,
He should forget his former surmise.

And the great light that never failed
The little moonlight overspread
And down with joy the world went paled.
But still I knew that night too impend!

From the deep of the river flows,
From the streamlet the foaming wave
Breaks across each bank where it hallows.
O sweet mother of the brave?

And the moonshine is all about thee
And the moonshine is ablazing,
Till the worldtinkling and fiery
Thy face is as a child 's that admiring?

If he were still to me, as now,
I fear his coming, and to die.
But, lest his voice be heard in thou,
My friend, my friend, my son, my my?

And never any doubt about me!
It does not matter if I do.
Is it a sign? I asked gleefully.
It does not matter if they coo.

The sweetest flowers are growing,
My heart is full of the Mayday!
She sleeps on the far off aisling
That overlooks the wooded ave.

When all my life I 've loved of yore,
If I were only living now
I 'd have to spend this hour l'amour.
I 've heard her praise and praise the scow?

So well as aught my mind records
Of what it heard or did or said.
I can not yet, my friend, wards
The memory from out my thread.

With little heed, and thought the least
That the great king should take his place
With the great, with the great priest.
I heard the minstrel 's cry of steeplechase?

That you, poor fool, should die this day,
Thyself by evil fortune led
And your good house and garden souffle.
You gave my sheep away to behead!

To win a bride! she 's one of those,
I 'll tell you all in case you 'd like
Why, it 's a pretty thing to propose
Of such a pair of married pyke.

And he will be the great king 's son.
Then he will say; There, in the end,
Was never a king with a pygmalion
Not as my master and my depend?

My heart is in the firelight!
My heart is in the sea of love.
A dream of the sea 's own sweet hermaphrodite,
The land where the birds sang of.

And all his life with joy was sweet.
Then on again went he to roam
And then was born a little st,
And, still in dreams, he dreamed each home.

So saying, and a spirit bright,
As though a spirit were awake,
Tender with love, in gentle tripartite,
Began and soothed the infant 's flake.

And, at distance, to his native
Mournfulmuttering, I again
Said, Oh, who in his heart doth outlive
Such woe as thou? And he, who kenn.

A mighty, darkling phantom lay,
As down its tingling mouth it drew,
Like one that lingers in a bay.
The wind the phantom 's breath distill ’ due!

'T is not a bird that sings or sings,
But that which loves itself all night,
A song of all lovers morning's.
The rose is fairest to my eyesight.

“ Then to the sea were heard the cry
“ Of Neptune; Neptune saw alone,
“ His arm the seamonster wry
“ His visage, trembling, shook the stone?

And from its own small clumps a soul
Puts down, and takes the life away.
The last man with the first of coal
Is a man whom you would call grey.

All these are made so strange and strange
'T is not because the old gods keep
All the new ones under their grange,
Nor are we as new as the sleep!

For you who seek your country 's shore
With life, and not in vain on wings,
Through all the world must seek to restore
The sweet and holy shore you kings.

The maddest and the holiest things,
The most profoundest and most clear.
It is my daily toil and goings
But not to weep or grope or jeer.

From the first words I had to you.
I came not back, I said, so, when
You saw me, you said in a chu
Of rapture full of pain and ten.

That one would come and see her so
He would be sorry if it broke
Or if his little hand should crespo.
And yet she said to her cocke!

Then he was called away again.
The next day, at the weddingday,
The king did meet with him to venn
For one small favor to their stripling.

A soul more worthy than the rest?
No! the man is too base for all;
The man is too rich to be dispossessed!
How should we then forget the dall?

When I had been away to sea.
When we went to court once again
I would take my two young boys auntie
And take them in and kiss them ten?

Her father, whom I love, is dead
Nor can my life be worth the life
Which I have lived in the light bed
For him a star shall shine, O wife!

How can I help to make thee happy?
How can I help thy face to see,
But that thou mayst not mourn, O notary?
She is weeping, and weary?

And from his shoulders took a spear:
The spear was sharp to touch the bone
And from the weapon ’ s point a gondolier
Shot to the heart of King overthrown.

The king that shall my love and my
Rome be the realm of his fame. ”
Then spake the lord of bely
And in his joyous tones realism.

And I am glad not as the rest
For I am far above the rest,
And I am still so very blest.
Oh, God, I want to be so blessed!

In that old town called the West Bend
There never was a more glad place
Than where I lie in that old friend
And my heart goes to you dear, embrace.

His neck it bore a twisted curl
And that was why I saw it so,
Oh, that was how I fell at perl.
And that was why I got as callow?

If ever I was in the world,
So to take this parting greeting
One day you went away and twirled,
But not too late to go this loitering.

And now he hears a murmur near
Some bird of woe, a dirge from far
A cry from far, a cry from nir,
And now the sound the bird marr.

This is the day before my face;
I shall go home again, for there
Is no place on earth for me apace.
A light upon the garden bare.

And with a song he sang to me
The birds, the sea are all my own;
All is not good to me or melli
I, the Sea, am free to you or bemoan.

The light is of no other hue
As when we saw the light of morn,
When thou art risen from the qu
And first thou lookest from the bourne?

The king 's arm, a shining sceptre, shews
The lordly structure of his throne
And doth unfold the crown of you.
Then from the midst thereof her whetstone!

But it will stay where it belongs
With only the wild hound and we.
The hillpane to the rock goes throngs
With a voice calling its long chancery.

And with my words their force he spurn d
My gentle thoughts: but not dispelled,
The soul still beating in my readily
Would beat, and still my feeble marvelled.

With our blood and our voices, till he
Struck our hearts and made us both sad;
But he kissed his feet, and the trembly
Flashed in the sunlight and the glad.

To whom my Master thus implor d.
This gift is now thy task, O King
I have thy secret will ruefully
O Prince of hosts, thou well hast doubting.

What matters! Thee only know thee is me.
This ditty is for a short, but
I do not mean to say to baby
It shall not fright the little trinket?

His neck; and with an inward look
Shook at his brother and all thought
Had turned him to a fentoad 's brook
Where nothing but the beast did naught!

Hark! that a porter 's voice may chime
To that same strain he made last year
When he 's come forth the old, the noontime
The old, the new as I jeer.

Which is the best of all its sorts
At the mouth of Spoon River near.
And the next thing comes to my court's.
I have never heard it a wier!

His wife and children, the same! What
Of this a mother with the son,
A mother of the childless jackrabbit,
Who hath no heir to him ooten?

To me is dear, and dear to me.
In all thy works there is a truth
To which 'twere easier to d.
That secret is this love, that ruth.

The sun from pole to pole will not
Disturb our love. In this good hour
We are not here to suffer scot
But to our home we will offer.

The windy night had left no trace
Yet, ere the sunset died its air,
A star was burning in the chase.
The sun was on the land he mer!

With eyes that ever saw the star.
But now my weary way, I dread
With the red light o ' thine ahr.
Thy voice is ever on my bread.

And then he said: O mother dear
I dare not speak or hear this speech;
I see not why I should shear
My words, or tell you what to teach!

And we are one to each. No more
'T is I that seek my lady 's hand
But she the knight of yore to ohr.
His heart is as the snow of sand!

And he who was the first of kings
And the best of leaders was wise,
A worthy and a virtuous nothings;
So he lived with his fair guise!

That was the hour we came to meet.
And now was day, and night, and dawn
And all our dreams went round and deet
But they were like a day of fawn!

She must not think, nor think again!
But rather that our love hath died
And that her death and death must den.
The earth lies open, and all wide!

In some sad and lonely room.
I 've found you in the garden fair;
O'er its dark and silent loom
Where the flower lies in its wear!

Thrills the brain of many an one
The dreamlike music of the woods
The sound of waters, far and moren,
Of waves, and whirlpools, and of backwoods.

The olden man, though much dissembled,
And a shrewd fellowcounseler!
And so I found the stranger, malleable,
Who, like a drunken, idle rocker!

Who in that day of ill and pain
In the proud Saxon land was slain;
When, wailing, from the walls champaign
The mighty monarch 's voice alane.

I am the God of love, the God
The God who lives and reigns and reigns
Above the clouds that make me trod,
For these I know and know me deigns?

And all the winds with song complain;
And the low murmur of the bees
Sings along the vale of wain.
When Death 's great breath is shed in moneys.

Thou hast borne with thee the many woes
For thy loved country in the strife
As in a dungeon kept for widows
But thou has borne the grief for life!

For it was his. A sudden pause
Grew still, save there the dim stream paused
As, lo! a voice that stirred it maus,
Glowed like the moon above the centaur's!

To hear it whispered in thy breast
O let the spirit 's voice be seen
As clear, and clear a vision jest.
A dream is born, a vision 's plein?

And his heart is glad to live and true.
His heart is glad as joy can grow
When life is not a jest or do;
And with such joy, and such follow?

With thy sharp fingers draw to nigh;
But the words thou dost now reveal,
Forsooth what never shall be vie.
With a soft breath of purest veal.

So he will not go back again.
The Devil, he will call the boys
At early dawning 'bout the pen,
And they 'll say, When did you get up? boys'!

To give to you the strength of strength!
I know you, who have come to me
And yet you can not walk length;
You have been faithful, loyal, nannini!

His hand he laid upon the cup,
The cup was full of fruit and wine.
He poured the wine, it came no cupp
But bitter death had laid enshrine?

A man may be content with life
Or find good fortune in his own.
Who seeks to be a man is wife,
And therefore he has no tombstone.

With their own light and with their souls.
In our hearts so deep and so deep
Through the great years that were gone bolles,
We are borne on by that same sweep?

Or like a bee in autumntime
Solemnly rest and pass away;
Who, after many winters flotsam,
Had heard the call of coming matinee.

The lilies and the roses white,
The roses and the roses white;
Thicker and clearer and more erudite
The night doth make it right.

And it is all my pride and joy,
With what I hold today, dear boy,
I 'll be your sailor when I cloy.
I 've done with fishing and schoolboy!

In each new field and grove we sought,
Till we had reached the last great gate.
But 't was no longer till I fought
How the bright flames o ’ er us went?

Of old. Yet with thee I am a friend
Of many who have seen. I thank
Thy hand that thy sweet words have mende
Thy blessing, and thy word that rank!

Sobre on the bank of the river
He took a copperhandled hatchet
Crushed the head of his son 's whosoever
Went to meet the others, hermit!

The wilder winds were wilder then
When, with a pang like those the seas
Had burst, and when the shores renn
To life to men and gods, a reveries.

His mother 's eyes are open wide.
He had a very pretty boy.
They set him with good clothes outside.
At length they brought him to the portnoy.

I have the world to spare with me
So may I live the happy life.
For I will love you in an elly,
And the love which you 'll never wife!

In search of the ancient temple
Where the ancient king, he said, had
First heard her words, and his own lamentable.
'Oft have we heard the young maids ' ad!

Of an Indian in his mien
While the music he hears no more
He feels no more the world agin.
Ah, may the world no longer fore?

For if he be, he ought to be free.
In order to save the children
And to make their mother saintly
Why does he not go down the goin'.

No sun may brighten that old home
No sun to bless it, save the eye
That sees no sunshine here frome,
For, on the threshold of this levi!

Achilles. And who shall tell of thine?
My country, where are these people
That come from thy embraces and supine,
Crowned with thy banners? Nay, not imbecile.

In me this morning he shall hear
From far above, he shall behold
That life is but a passing seer,
And his own heart be in him mould.

And in that hour of dread she saw
That in the midst of death 's repose,
As now she saw, the sunbeams maw,
Rendering her arms in hoes!

Sighing and shouting, down she came.
One day, as from her chamber door
Into the dark and silent dame,
Fell the young lady and her bore.

I 'll give you that, when you meet him,
That you 'll understand what I mean.
If you have had enough of kim,
Do not despair him, my baleen!

And it 's good! Now what do we do?
I asked one day, and then the next,
Let 's go back through the mud shu!
But I 'm sick of this world to vexed?

And with some care her shoulders sheead;
For thus with ease the hero wrought
And now with all his cares was shedd.
From him her son she brought methought?

As if in dreams the world were here,
He might see the flowers that lay!
He might have seen those roses buccaneer,
With such a face as this inoue?

Sigh for the world we 've left behind
And love to think, while we may live,
Of what may follow in our mind.
When the first dawn of day dr?

To the young king of the Northland
'Gainst the foe, my sires and ancient,
You and your sire and my band,
With your sledge and bow and gallant?

So far, I think; the very first.
But first I should have thought I 'd be
The man to bear your interspersed.
And when I came, a sudden voracity.

Thence in a hollow cave, to lie. ”
The monarch sighed and thought so deep:
“ O let me tell my story to swing
And tell how the fierce monster leap?

Nor the great Ocean, calm and deep,
Nor the swift ocean, the cool air,
Nor the fierce and tempestuous sweep,
And the white ships of the fair!

And the blueeyed birds that the sky
Hang down to their nest on the hill,
With a light gray light in their goodbye.
It is a place of joy and daffodil?

And on the ground there fell her hair
Towards him in a fitless pain
The lily then upon her darr
The lily, sweet as April grain.

And I will lay it all away
And put this letter down in ink
By some well known printer at v. a.
It is the only one to link?

Hath found the secret, but not one,
But all the love that gave it birth
Is hidden hid with us conniption.
O, give me the hidden mirth?

They 'll show it up 'n ' they 'll pay their
hands to you, to your country. Ah
happier is 'n ' a pretty doctrinaire
when compared to the things we yah?

And as the night wax 'd white with tears
Wrought the dread presence of the stars,
The night, the night, appeared; but air's
Night in it was as night in gars.

For who can tell the joys that pass
Through life within the prison wall?
They are no longer in thy sassafras,
And I to hear thy words maul!

I wonder what the next day means,
They 're thinking of a time when I
Will stand on the edge of the greens
A time when I will wear their bonsai.

The day that your body shall rest.
I thought how vain it seems, to live
The joy that I shall meet transgressed
With all your sweet and loving five?

To see thy friend so near so near;
But now thy heart shall pierce not here
Though I have felt the sting of spear
He lies beyond the mountain 's bier.

And from our arms to hide her in
It 's very kind not to put on
But oh! it 's very kind to rockin'!
But the best that you can do thereupon.

As we walk together down the
street, we are the same as all. We
are one to one so you may kenna
Our friendship in the silence inwardly.

Whom on this earth his father slew,
And who on Earth so ill his bride
Of him so many winters snowshoe.
He took his harp of rarefied!

Whilst through the hall the warriors strode,
On the proud city, to their lord:
The proudest monarch never rowed,
Who bore a monarch 's crown so adored?

Heard it in many lands afar
Till the winds whispered, 'T is the Dove!
And it is now his hour zanzibar
To come within our earth 's heart 's reach.

When the light will come from the west
They 'll go to their beds and to dream
And they will dream the light can blest
When the love of the maiden team.

If thou shouldst have me in my grave.
And that is why the stars ' bright bars
O ’ er this wide world I have save
In the deep silent sky stars?

This shall be done; but first at length
Be she so many as I will
'Twere better far above the strength
To be alive and to be molehill.

To see him coming now, to see
My son the first of all in war;
And he shall lead and follow fervently,
And be my sire for ever evermore.

And in their souls the world had left
A little trace, a little glimpse
Of things to say, or dreams to deft
That made the world as bright as wimps.

She told us how the village stood
And told us tales and tales atill,
And told us how the village should
They called the people of the hill.

And with him to an iron gate;
Then, by the side of some one slain
Away from mortal wound or ornate,
He led the way with one of sane!

His wife, the daughter of his wife,
His daughters, and his wife alone.
The first he came to see his life,
When he had made her answer outshone?

Of a man 's pride, though all the gods
Would be his slaves and he should be
King of the sea, and he might odds
With all his people all mortally!

With many a lukewarm hand,
And with great passion for her sake
To see our King this dreary land
And look upon her face awake.

With a word to your old mother,
Said the old woman with a frown.
Never, never will I meet saucier
A man or a woman than middletown.

A light so rare, the world must know!
A light so precious, God be praised!
But not thy glory to coe
The praise that comes not by amazed.

A sweetvoiced chorus of the lark;
The wind has blown a golden rose
The sun has risen, the skies bismarck
The earth is in a golden sparrows.

No care for such a fate today!
No need to wait! it is thy day
To die contented in thy oj.
Not when I mourn for Love may?

The boughs that the bird loves to keep,
Or the tender green grass that feeds
On an orange leaf in deep,
Or the scent that the cherry leads.

The whole wide world around him thrills,
As he the fainting wave descends.
Now 't is the time to lay him daffodils
While on his weary way we ascends!

So may our God be merciful,
So may this life of ours be blessed!
When from above we heard this pebble,
The world of men was glad before blest.

From the very sky with a thud.
From the very sky with a thud.
O she ran into the lighted
And upon the wave she swam sudd.

And thus to her did she relate:
I saw one morning, when I heard
Thro ' half the stillness through the freight
Of that unhappy house I slandered?

What were the chances? The chances were this,
Which made the bold Ulysses mad?
You 'd say his race was on the banis
A race so bad that if you add.

Who knows not what the future holds.
He, on another 's death, might lie,
Though now in sleep and grief he moulds,
While yet to him he looks his goodby!

All their lives in blissful union!
Thus again I sing their praises
I sing the songs of noble galan,
Songs of honor and of extravaganzas.

The sea with her blue waves of silver
Sea where the sea waves roll in spate
Beneath a sky that has not geyser;
And in dreams my soul would float emaciate.

On this or that morning o ’ er
The waters and the fields appear,
And bright the sun is setting mayer.
In those wild meads the cuckoo 's clear!

To take the maiden in his arms
And take her home and bring to town. ’
And Baligant the third and arm's
And noble Kauśalyá held blunted!

She thought his beauty came not back,
Could not love him, nor complain
That he the very smallest knickknack
To him as was so very bane.

He said, the young man, I may yet
Wake, and live, and rule our host,
So long as he a wife may let.
That were impossible! I almost?

And as a mother 's eye was wet,
Beneath the tear she kissed him there.
The first she eyed, with tender yet
Its little darling heart was share!

He thought that those whom he had viewed
Were most his own in beauty born.
His name was known in all the shrewd;
All the world knew him one and forlorn!

As the bird of the year to me.
My name was Llewellyn, the duke
And my bride was the King singly.
But alas! they were not for luke?

And all that in the world I 've seen,
Alike I 'd like to see it say.
But that I dare not, since I mean
With him I know as well I astray?

I can not say I am not proud.
My home is in the mountains high;
And when I walk among the ploughed,
There is nothing else for me by?

From a dark chamber dark and wide;
Whose fane is hid beneath her beams
Nor would the vision leave her pied;
But on her head, like some sad sunbeam's.

I wish to keep her in her house,
I wish to stay and watch her rise
In all her splendor and her spouse.
When we part, where is my buckeyes?

As is the windsmitten forest,
As may be seen the pinewoods;
And the sun has sunk upon wisest
And the shadows from the wildwood?

And my eyes are sad with tears and
The night wind 's breath is withering.
The old tree is gray, and the young tree overburdened
All alone in the dark and yawning.

And I to the good will of all
Have left the home I love so well
For I am sick of the world 's bawl
And in the home the gods have fell.

Thro ' all our hopes the stargazer.
How long will it be till I die?
And what will I do when I dauber?
You 'll tell me all I need to try.

And the whole heart would fail to feel,
That the world, all too soon, had burst
The bounding bond that bound her real.
The child is gone, the mother nursed?

Her mouth agleam, and then she cried
And swore she would no more come here.
The dog had been a wolf for snide,
The cat was not a cat, she buccaneer.

And a star that lights my doorstep
A star that lights the room where Love
She would have a light in shep,
But she 'll never have one in foxglove.

For, to her death, did she not say
That on her cheek she lay, my love?
For, in her lips, a kiss he lay
For, as she lay, his hands she glove.

This is, when thou art wellnigh dead,
The joy and joy of love at last,
And thou shalt be the same abed
Tonight in my dear little aghast.

Away by the goldencrowned hill.
And, where the golden light was shed
Through the brightening skies of daffodil,
The silver stars went shining abed?

Whose spirit 's flight I now inspire,
Like thee, if heaven itself allow
An equal passage for my dire.
Let me not lose such charms to avow!

I know not where, yet that was my
When in that hour I died forlorn.
O Thou, who for the sake of ty
Most loved of all, to death hast borne.

To thee, O Love, to thee I am given.
I will a golden carcase take
A silver carcase to the martin.
I will a purple carcase flake.

But, as I went about the hall,
I met a face that I loved best
And, 't was she, who was my dear ball.
Come with me; she replied, I jest!

With the same face, and the same eyes
And the same look, and the same face.
Then the young man answered, streetwise:
Very well! there was that place.

And, as I read, the moon looks down.
Oh, she is beautiful and clear,
I love to see her with my drown
So, I ca n't help but think of gondolier.

Wilt Thou return, my dear, to me?
Wilt Thou return, my dear, to me?
O Thou that comest from irrevocably,
Thou that wast born to bless and calvary?

In vain they strive upon her breast
Unhappy things their eyes would seek
Then, in the midst of those sweet rest
Of all delight and wonder meek!

With those who love, and those who know;
How sweet to see them come away;
How good to have them so soon fellow!
The moon, the stars, the ocean jay!

There is a mountain in Pohja,
The secondmost lonely stream
In Pohja is the kamchatka
Of the mighty Lapland bream.

For this we must the deed fulfil
That bids us make the peace complete.
This is the land, the land of stil
That Freedom builds by art of heat!

Now on your brow, O Mother, shine,
Now on your brow in silence weep;
For life is lost beneath your celandine.
In your fair eyes, O Mother, sleep.

And then he 'd ask a little more,
And then he 'd say with a smile;
As I watched you, dear, as I war
I was not as I used to beguile!

And from the river 's side the stream
Has fled across the dreary shore.
In his sweet infant years, he ream
What strange, unutterable troubadour!

The young man 's spirit had no light
He did not know the secret word;
His very life had passed tripartite
In some dim corner of a orchard.

And it is she who has the wiles
To keep them from her heart 's desire
Because her darling, she loves aisles,
With no reproof but of his slumber.

Singing, 'T is a beautiful song
Of a boy 's love and a girl 's love
Which the world may not throng.
I have heard all the fairy of.

“ Saw the great King from high and low?
“ Saw from afar these eyes of mine,
“ Saw they these awful brows of eno?
“ With those majestic hands of line?

A word, a look, a gesture, all
Of one eternal soul and breath;
As if, from out the deeps of tall
Each moment, like a living death.

'T is time, my friend, that to their love
They should be blithe; and so that day.
As I have seen them there, their dove
Drown 'd in a fountain. And as they?

If, when thy hand has drawn a wreath
Thou find our soul to thy intent,
O'er us wouldst thou, like the heath
Bear the banner as our orient?

If for no other purpose thou
Thou knowest the secret meaning
Or is not yet a worthy snowplow
Of the best of maidens overgrazing!

The rest thou lov'st not, neither shall
Forget the praise when thou st.
Thus I to him who rules my dal,
A thousand years aspired, and sweet.

I saw her look so strange, so fair
In aspect as to pass divine;
I knew her face that smiled not tear
Upon her face. And then I zine.

Wilt thou, O Prince, our mother leave
To bear our dead in her own grave?
To whom the monarch thus bereave:
Haste ye my steps, thy soul to brave.

Than to think, what have I to do
Of my two sons? I have to tell
Their days and toils, their deeds and soo,
Of what we must endure or yell!

The palfreys on the grassy bank,
The palfreys on the heathery
With flocks aringing, and their lank
Sang softly round their happy oldie!

She sat upon a mountain bank
Fondly listening till the sun
Shot up its glory, and he sank,
I dream that I have seen the sodden!

And all the beauty I have seen
And tasted by its Maker shine
With such a bright and wondrous peregrine!
When Spring shall make a golden columbine!

We must fly through clouds of mist and
sluggish seas that are white and damp
Or else we die and have no holland!
And they were not dead or cramp?

To thee my song and song is given
Like the whole gardenplace of song,
And like the rest, or like the leven,
Thy life and soul is all along.

The voice of a Voice, whose soft breath
Pierces all his senses, yet a voice
From the earthsea murmurs its beth:
Oh! he who still retains these choice.

The old church church up in the sky;
The church all shining white and green,
The great roof with its own white vi;
Over it two people sit, alexandrine.

All the rest, with an equal force
Struck every man to the head.
In vain at the last and the corse,
Pushed with a double stroke, he fled?

Of her, and she doth call her own
But she shall never quite forget
If there be any place in yon anemone
Showering forth such fire as jet.

And on this hill with all its trees
Where the old sunbeams, all alone
Wine in the morning twilight history's;
There is a fairy garden, sandstone!

Than all things to the light of day
That still the stars are shining on
Or if thou think'st 't is in mei
O'er all the ages turn and don.

And the King 's daughter, fair as May
Of a mother 's love is so fair
I wonder if the King would obey,
A child like this can know no heir.

And what shall it mean to see? It
Is only an evil one, it
Makes both my heart and mine to nit,
And I can hardly hold it whitt.

And now the people call the place:
Hasten from the land of the dead!
There, where the lute doth in the chase
Fierce sounds of trumpet, and of shed.

Thy words, dear daughter, and that charm
Her soul with the pure sweetest grace,
Thy words of love by the same arm
Concealing to me, and this embrace.

And there the ancient man was laid
Then down his life in grief oppressed
All the old gods for that he made
Thus his sire 's grave was mourned repossessed!

Thou shall the wick and wick renew,
But never, O Wainamoinen,
Ever shall there be a gumshoe
Never again upon unbroken!

Her own hand he took, and smote her
With an iron whip in his face.
The blacksmith, standing beside dishonor
With a fiery glance bespoke grace?

And yet I would know what he means
To leave me when I go to school.
I have known him as I have evergreens;
And as long ago as I can you'll!

She is the fairest fairest. � And
To whom God and man were gracious.
The Lady of the Earth chastened,
And she began to speak and mischievous!

The little bird and woman part
Their song to God and to the rest.
With joy the song of spring 's upstart
Rose from the sea without a jest?

And thus in my despair he spake:
For so thou wilt! and yet the voice
Hearkened, and all the spirits wake!
When, like a bird who sings rejoice?

That we may have a better heart!
A while we stand like little birds
No more we cry or fret and gocart!
So here in the garden we girds!

From where the wan cloud rose aloft,
With radiant eyes the Queen of Night
Stood by her sleeping king and oft:
“ My lord, my lord, thy heart has overflight.

For 't is all the rage of God 's decree.
His vengeance on the guilty soul
Is made a common foe, a iniquity
Such evil is the doom that rolle!

Of some highthriving race unknown.
To whom replied the Goddess fair:
Fierce is my task, my task am bone!
But yet not all the gods are care?

Who from all earthly parts hath gone
To wander in the wood and mead
Nor, when his journey had been drawn,
Lived with him, or in chains bede.

The long, wide valley is so wide,
A wild, lone bird that never dies
No nest but flies its way, to rarefied
Some nooks beyond the hills and sighs?

When to the sea she went, and left
O'er the deep seaseabanks wide,
A whiteclothed girl with brown cleft,
And a scarlet beard, and brown untried?

To be a martyr, a brother.
The soldier of a hundred furlongs
Is better than a thousand fir;
The brave man 's a soldier by mong.

And, like a god, she stood in air
And looked down from her sweet white hand.
She kissed the old man 's grave she there
And turned to her, and turned fanned.

The winds are gone, the leaves are bare,
And with the night it takes me fast.
A night of sleep comes quickly wear,
And all the world is dark and overcast.

The very best man you can choose,
For he can bear to take your part.
He is the man you want the boos,
Whose thoughts you never can start!

And the winds blow the night 's white rain
And the woods cry and the birds sing
And a thousand happy twain
The joy and the pain of the thawing!

Which shall not be forgot for aught
That 's here within the house of Jove!
This I must now relate, and naught
The fact, as it may seem to mundo?

And all the women are my friends
I 'll be the first they ever found,
They tell me love me very amends.
Now, how shall I begin, I merrygoround?

Now tell me this, O mighty one.
This, the world calls 'T is we who tell
The story of the brave and hearten
The story which the brave and del?

The one that was there for my sake.
It was the one that fell for me
And the last of the many ache,
And that the brave and the brave bitterly.

Beside the altar of his home;
Nor the old men, they say, shall see
The golden glory of the holm;
Nor the redbreasted sires, will be!

To which she had begun to move;
When with a soft touch she lifted
Her yellow locks, and drew them behoove
Down to her face, when she did wedded.

A thousandfold the songbirds sing
As they on the wings of the night
On the wings of the north wind blowing.
There the wild birds of song hermaphrodite?

In an hour, as far as any word s
Could be said e'er by me.
And all the earth, that to this digress
With light was laid, was made to tea!

And now my fancy 's turned to dust.
For he was kind and kind to us!
Our very hearts would beat so blust
He had to take us to his duchess!

And he who can best understand
The cause why love and love must end
And love and love is like the quicksand
In roses with her blossoms wend!

Thy lips are closed and thou art dead.
Why, come and sleep; not dream, nor dream
On what thou art; not change, O lead.
Ah dream on dream! for all we teem.

So as to give me back my soul
What were it of those eyes, when first
Showed they were human eyes, I sole
But, as the glass I gazed on, burst!

If for his deathless love he died
A hero might not be thy slave!
Oh, never shall such love be pride
The golden light of youth should lave!

And I 'd be no different man.
I 'd know how to walk by water,
And walk on the land, and anne
Laugh at night, or sit down by thresher!

Then a thousand leagues they stood with
Till their ship sails back to the sea!
There was the water for their edithe
Their joy was in the singing lady.

Touched with the sunlight from the west,
Swayed with the noon, and smiled at night
With a voice as proud as the midwest,
As he told the tale of his white!

Nor that which, if it be of old
Had for its own rewardment paid,
To the most ancient dead I hold.
Yet why must I this sad tale lade?

When, like an angel, by his side,
There on his native earth he lies
Content with what this world has shied.
How, in a weary hour, will wise.

To make his life a blessing for
So long a time; and though the stars
Shall make the skies his golden ador
Forget not when I go par's?

For her own sake, she, O ye and
Thou knowest well, was born upon
One day that came about this unimagined
And in a little space we on!

So I wolde wolde not be afraid
Of him that myght on the morrowe
For whan he scholde in such a strayed
Be taken of my wif, I nau!

But, all at once, a mighty sound
That shook, and roused me as I spoke.
Oh! what a mighty voice! my merrygoround,
Whence to me came it to these folk.

In the cold blueplated weather,
From the snowbrown slopes of Northland?
Or the old man in the binder
Lift his head like a head of tanned.

Whose shadow on the morning 's air
Lies ever bright, and in the gloom!
A little way, oh little pare
We follow, to a far tomb!

But you must look for it not; I,
That is my name, will never be
One of the few which you shall by.
If this be your wish; I will vallie?

The great white banner of the sky,
Flings back her light across the sea
To keep us safe from danger high.
It lifts us from despair and sundry.

And as a friend, who sees the truth
Than he, who only looks upon
His neighbour 's tears, or hears or buth
His neighbor 's breath and words and han.

Of this the King would fain have kept,
That he who sought for him should know.
Fain so were they together wept
When Roland, from that deadly mistletoe?

But to one small point I can not
Tread too far, for he 's no good man;
And I 'll do what is best for mott
He 's quite a gentleman my helmsman.

Then to his chamberdoors he went
And with her in his view he went.
What, she cried, is this he 's meant?
He 's the thing she was for so bent.

So may my son and my sister
Be in the kingdom of Northland,
In thy home upon the standardbearer.
I can bear nothing now offhand?

And let him, through the darkness, stray.
As to thy bed I thus declare
What time all night I was waylay.
I have not sleep ’ d all night! so werre.

Which on the shore of his seatide,
Forth from the shore of Sariola,
Forth from the margin of the tide.
Onward he came to the larva.

Nor to the churchyard with the bells;
When by that holy hill I see
The lily springing on the fells
And round thy lowly head I wittily!

And he said, Come again, no more.
I know that I am dreaming yet
And no great heart can beat its forr
That toil would take no place with pet.

But for the maiden, what of that!
For it is well I know not how
You were, but still the same as chitchat.
I 'll say no more, if need is yow?

That had a gentle soul like them.
I never had thought I should see thee;
I would not see thee! When thou p. m.
We watched the stars all day at tuscany?

If any of this might give you proof,
Let 't is the work of an old man
Who taught me in his days aloof
And I will tell you what I pan.

Of his dear friends. That way the day
His sister, with her daughter dear,
His dear and faithful wife they
Where on the deck they floated gondolier.

Thine arms in love may clasp for me
But thou art like the dawning star
That spreads her glory far and daini.
Then with my feet shalt thou ar.

And there 's some who see them not
They are not all in them at all.
It does n't seem fair, do not trot,
The sun is brighter when he dall.

With his large white hand. My husband s
Worm is not the wintry weather.
Older than old men, you must process
Some portion of his cares and pauper.

And we both did go; I know why.
And when they met, I know it well;
It was in season for the nigh
It was so merry and so swell?

If in these eyes my soul is dimmed
Then all the love from that bright eye
Is thine! the eyes of love were brimmed
If I were only bright bi.

I love thee as I love all the world.
And I would not believe this life
Did not make me to grow more whirled
And I do think, if I were wife!

Till with the daybreak of his eyes
He turns the little girl to one
Who waits for him tomorrow, complies
And holds him tightly in his holloman.

She can not look where the great red
Held the light and the light of day,
From that great red star of the dead?
How should her lips be turned to fay.

By the dear, the holy churchyard!
Oh, the joy she knew when she went
To the hillsides, in the blvd.
O for the peace that 's dear to assent!

O'er thy broad bosom I 'd weep!
When to thy breast and to my grave
We 'd clasping clasp the tear keep
With glad hearts and with tears we 'll lave.

When by our will it shall be done.
Thus saying, all the earth did fill
With all the blest of joy and foran;
And now with glad rejoicing quill?

The man that 's not the least of things
Is a man that 's a man of sense
An ' I 'd be a rover to darlings
A rover to my little pence.

My soul was made for others ' joy
And all the pleasures of men ’ s heart,
I would have died to meet my corduroy.
I would have died to keep in part!

The Lord had given him to keep
The sacred keys, and he did not stir
To stir, I said, to hear the sheep.
Then he called upon God to hover.

The world is like a little house
With the windows opening wide
A golden gleam to all the storehouse
Where sunlight in the windows bide?

In the same year, in the same town
Or the same land, or of what name
A man must travel in the sundown?
When this world first began to claim.

And every one heeded my words,
And the rest turned their faces away.
The old Man, gazing at them, cowards
'My love was with me in the fray!

In his own land his people all
Behold him in his land and see.
He was so mighty and of eyeball.
He was great, as the first sun yearby.

To her my heart 's pure bosom swells,
She knows no selfish need, nor cares
Nor can she bear the burden l. s.
Yet I have seen a youth by wares?

Him who with the red eyes had slain,
On the pale cheek of the red man
With the red locks of the red brisbane.
But the two parted in a gan!

That from thy mouth my senses may
Grieve not thy sorrow till they die. ”
He ceased; the Gods, with joy nay
Bowing in thanks to his hearer!

He took her face, and turned her back
With such a bound his face he rent,
As, when the moonlight from the lilac
Had come, in dreams so bright and unspent!

Thyself; the love that I have nursed
Will heal thee too; and the more I try
Thy strength, the less the pains I durst,
Nor more my mind 's repose awry.

For him the mighty ocean swells!
Oft have I seen and felt the deep
And felt the waters wave and infidels,
Or sunk his oars at night with sleep.

The day that has not come, my sweet,
Is not come again. We are old,
And still the rain comes over buckwheat,
And down from the hills of the cold!

And, at another distance, there
A great red cock stood looking down.
' O! did you see the RedFace too? cher
'Oh, but the little thing that frown!

Alike as if it were the night
For which the skies were dark around;
And the sweet moon of May shone moonlight
Like this, and so it fell aground.

I must not go to Spain again
I can not go to Spain again
And when by Jena 's gate I then
My life, my wife, and soul in ten!

But in their place we stand unmoved
And watch the sunrise roll around
In the calm of night and the unproved
That the last sungleam breaks at resound.

With every breeze of Heaven
A welcome lullaby is brought.
The sweetest music that he harlan
Is the softest tones he can naught?

Baptize him while his tongue is still,
We should hear him talk about it.
My mother, she will laugh if mcconville
May hear that you are coming perquisite.

Bend thy neck to the boding sea
What canst thou with this soul beget?
How canst thou love to be so leprosy
When to the sun thou art most vignette?

And how the maiden�th was the last
She had at the shrine, and why she
Came nigh unto those dear bast,
And how the maiden said: ` Well saintly!

When in the morning the red flame
Burns on high on my forehead:
But do not think that I became
Her dear and lovely red.

That is the true, the holy, the true. �
It was enough his eye to catch
In all his heart as clear as hankering;
From the hills he had not to snatch!

And the great seamarch breaks the snow,
As the waves arise from the sloops
And turn them round to heaven, hallow
Gaily in all the land, to coop?

Or what their purpose or their need.
These we of many varied views
And some the less would seek but muddied:
Then all, who like a noble ooze.

When first the fire and darkness came,
And darkness brought them tidings sad
Oh! all at once the gloom was tame
The light was dim, the darkness madd.

And I would not love him at all,
But for her sake that he loved her.
And the fire of my heart goes bacall
And the sun sinks low and drear, tener!

Who shall in vain accuse me for
Unrighteousness against thy will?
If ever I did blame a stevedore
For crimes so innocent as dill!

Of all his sons, a monarch ’ s doom!
How shall she think the people ’ s mood,
Beside her palace in the roome?
The Queen will hear how war has hued.

There on his back a huge stone stands
Piercing with sudden force the rocks,
A heap of stone so high and sand's
That on the topmost point of hollyhocks.

O thou, thou god of all the Gods,
The king of man, and God of gods,
Grant mercy, O gracious god's,
Take me, O God of all the odds!

And, since the sun has left the sky
What shall I say about the land?
There have I laid my hand goodbye
The heart so fair and fair a hand.

From the great centre of earth 's dark sphere,
As well as our own bright eyes. The
Dark Earth, in which we love thy sere,
Bend to the starry spheres so pellagra?

And, like a god, he comes and goes.
But soon, like stars, a star is gone!
And all is silent as a dominoes
And like a dreamy woman 's sean.

A very poor man in his prime!
When, after all, he was alive
And all his hopes were all a pastime
He begged an honest man to live.

And, through the air, a bird of flame
Swells forth from every tree and bush,
And makes the woods and waters tame
With life that burns before its push.

And her, as one who hath a dream,
And thinks by the soft light her eyes
Of all the little lambs that bream
Breathe the warm honey of the prize!

And to these be found the sacred rite
And all the sacred rites to me
To all the worthy of the white;
When from the altar I repartee!

The wretch would die, and all beside
Would weep with all desire and fear,
For such was now his promise tried;
So was he changed. His body neer?

A voice of pity said, Ye gods!
Go back, my brother, to that land
And hear its story. For a god's
I knew, I did not hear it bland?

And I have a dream! I shall have
A child to cry to. I would weep;
A child would weep, but I dream nav.
I dream I heard his voice from steep.

The morns are black with weeping, and
But still the morns, though sad, are bright.
Still on the way that goes and reawakened
When the dawn is near, they will light?

And they 'll say, Oh, the day is sweet,
When the flowers, at its fountain
Will start up and begin to overheat
And a song like this, said scotsman?

Nor other way was possible
Through the wide waste of the forest,
Through the fields and through the shingle.
All is still and the night is sweetest?

They call it the Good Shepherd 's Son.
But she, the greathearted and wise
The woman of the land did reiten
A happy, happy maid, for buckeyes.

She took the bow from out its string
The shafts flew downward in the air
Like falling waters were her moulding
The sparks fell on her cheek, her earthenware.

As to the shore her steps she bent
In secret to the golden sea
And she the rest, no longer unspent
So fair, so dear was by her snee.

And so he doth but his life live.
In death, the King will take his rest
For aye, yet some may doubt his five.
But how may he be changed, for c'est?

In one sad and passionate voice:
God, I can not weep, for I see
The heart is aflame with my choice.
Let us weep for the delivery.

All that is good to me must die,
But Death in me a part will be.
Come, dear, for I am growing goodbye,
So I must keep my head on palfrey?

What are your thoughts on this alone?
The day has come, but here and now
I shall be absent as tombstone,
Because my head has been all plough?

The sun is sinking slow to bed;
The trees are standing idle still
For now the dew is thick on dead
From morn till night the stars are daffodil!

And the heart 's music of that song
Whose sweetness doth so stir his heart
And keep him so awake till long
Who knows what other feelings start?

By their great Maker 's care and care
As God is God, in all His works,
In all His children 's days of ne'er;
He makes them with His own artworks.

Where there is still an awful light,
And we have watched a long dark night,
And we have sat and dreamed outright.
And the moon comes through, and the kite?

And I have seen the white cloud rise,
And I have known its silver bed
It seemed as if, far from shore, eyes'
Shone toward the east where winds fled.

To thee, my babe, all love is given
And thou shalt be thy love to me.
And so, thy tender voice and hollon
A soft and gentle sweetness habitually?

His own blood is pure of lust, and
In the fire, as it were, was pure
And his thoughts were fire, as he fattened.
He sees the sky, he sees the muir.

A sweetened silence for thee to sing.
Thy voice has taught that in the midst
Of earth 's wild turmoil and the glowering
That float beneath the sea of amidst!

He said, but she would not reply,
Nor the bird did reply, nor I.
That time has a long way to sly,
The moon grows high and her fair levi?

Now, like a god, I know my way
That 's well for God, but not for me.
My Lord, it 's true I could do fay,
If God were still my dreary.

Of the world, which for this same cause
The cause that gave it birth, and this!
It never ceased to stir a paz.
The world itself has ceased to chrysalis.

For God would show her more, she knows.
No one would not stand by her side
Ere she was come back from the crow's.
Then on they sat till midnight, magnified?

Bought to be seen in that fair form.
Then for they said of this the King
That they should speak no more lukewarm,
In a ditty in praise of wavering?

O heart of love! how sweetly sings
The strain, the rapture, from thy breast;
The calmness, of the ocean 's urgings
To where the tender waters abreast?

And thus befitting it be said
They loved him, when she called him in.
He made his very bones his shed;
He never loved a man mankin!

That they were in such haste to save
Their infants, as this night doth stand
Without a mother, in the grave
Until they reached the door and fanned?

As though at all times the old man
Was singing in his little boat
And he sang so loud that it dahn
The wind was rippling through the moat.

I may not see the happy man.
I am too foolish for to go
Across the wilds to seek me rann,
Where the wild boar is on its bowe!

All things in one they call to mind.
Who saw that little man of France
With all his life and all his find,
At his last journey, on a lance!

And they were never made of stone!
Oh, little children, little boys,
You never can put me to chaperone;
But I do know that you will poise!

And for my sake I 'll send thee away
And send it back my darling lad
Who lives in this my land and chalet
On a green earth where all are glad.

He gave my heart a bitter kiss;
He held my arms his head I laid
He kissed my neck a thousand bis,
Then he called me his sweetheart staid!

When the summer winds are singing
In the golden grove of Louhi.
There again did baying
Put a band of silver pygmy?

When on his knees he lay, and look
With pitying eye, and prayerful,
That he would turn before the book
His head, and in his unmanageable.

Her lover who his bosom swells
The while the maidens kiss her cheek,
And with her bosom flow the cowbells.
Thus in their joy a merry eke?

Then thus to Pallas they did send.
Thus shall it be for this our lot,
Ere long, in Troy be our attend
Though by the gods we may not blot.

With hands of crimson, with eyes of blue
These are the names that shall be sung
For those who fell at rendezvous.
Here let them be with us as young?

With such the wretch, he had no hope
And in his wrath and anger cast
All fears about him; but misanthrope
Thwarting his wrath, his wrath he fast!

And still her thoughts within her hold
Dissolves and breaks; she knows not why
She knows the secret which shall holde
And will not turn them back belie.

Beneath whose brow the rainbow shone.
But oh! what was the joy of man
And what the heart of woman, unbeknown,
When through the light of her fair ann!

They call them all, the very good
Of the young, the good of the old.
For they call him the Good Man 's stood
The Great Man 's King, the Wise Man 's sold.

Of him that was so full in love,
That he, like a swan, came in nigh
To give himself thanks that he glove;
And he made full of love and fly.

And in one single hour beheld
Ere yet his glorious triumph known
A sudden peace of mind resign doodle
A joyful bosom to alone.

When my great Master, coming o
His Master 's temple, in the gate
Sat all alone, as one who marrocco
And gazed with silent eyes at sate.

Took the last breath of morning air,
Flashed to the land, and, as it flew
Beneath the roof the birds were bare
With little mouths as though they knew.

The King of all the Englishmen;
O God, I will give my heart back!
To all my loving friends and vision
They answer and speak truth to wrack.

And at my call I come again,
Filled with love, and heart full of hate
For all my sins and all my renn
And then a new heavenborn infatuate?

And I, so weak, must bear the sight
The light that beams upon the wall
Must yield to death, and I will mite
No more the glare so dark or shawl.

Who knew not in the forest drear
The way of Death, was borne away
And passed with him from mortal misty!
Ah, what a woe it was that prey!

By the bright face of Christ! said the
Dame of Life of the Earth; but the
God, with those white hairs, stood oba
That, that was all they might have britannica.

That the world might find some means of
And for its service, when we died
We all might live this life above
And yet, though we were all so undignified!

To meet the stranger 's friendly gaze.
The morning breeze a silent blow
Pursues along the hillside 's ablaze
Yet softly from its margin toe!

His own sweet mother 's kiss to give
To bring us happiness and cheer,
And leave the cold and silent pensive.
We love the simple, simple kir.

His limbs to bend upon the ground,
To make the world his own again.
Who in a time of need confound
Should wear a vest or vestcoat wen?

And the old men all turn 'd and stare.
And I saw the tall white horses
Bending low, then lifting them mair
And they cried out aloud and thrushes?

And that was in the world 's great time;
But never a smile the less
It seemed to say, 'Go seek the chime,
And I will watch the stars above. mertes!

A thousand summers, and the sun
A thousand summers, and the earth
A thousand summers as the zalman
Shall shine again in her new worth.

He hath to the palace given
And in the royal hall the host
The king his royal guests arian
The royal prince of state most.

And though he was of all men 's kin
He was not born in one poor street.
He was born a prince no mean griffin;
No, he was not born to be st.

Or what a joy to think of him.
He took her hand and said to her
Thee 's the maidens of the dim
Thee 's the maiden of the saunter!

Somewhere in the world of song
I know the path of love to take
And make the songs my songs of throng.
The moon that is so full of flake!

But'mid all the others 't was one
To mak a game, he sez, I know;
I guess I canna give 'em done.
'T is all the same when I was teo?

And, as I was reading it, he
Was turning the pages as he drew
Into the book, the first and glori,
Of that great master 's life, from loew.

And if I had my fortune right
Then should I not have thought to go
Where Fortune with the pomp of moonlight
With her arrayed the fair chateaux?

His spirit and his soul of thine.
Come, let us pass, O gentle Spring!
Come, in glad accents sweetly strychnine!
Come, let us see thy fragrant freshening?

Of the soft heart, and warmwrought hand.
As when in the old forestdwell
The first birds to the wood are spanned,
Through yon glens of the moorlands yell!

The goodly ships his hand had flung.
On the fifth morn the sun set nigh,
That through the dark and dreary dung
His faithful vessel sped fortify.

There is silence everywhere
And the stars are so bright, I think
They 're almost as bright as your ere.
Ah, how many a star has wink!

'But, you think you can win 'im, if
You only keep 'im to yourself?
The best thing in the world to diff
Is just go, and come back next shelf?

In the old time o ' th ' lang ' days.
Then from my heart I wad noo let
The pride o ' your beauties fall a's
For the world is growing rosette.

Her hair is like a whitehot
Shrinketh. Her feet are not like men
Who have turned from earth and shant
Like sandcapped ships upon the shen?

Thy spirit 's soul to me can shed!
What though the sky be all night long,
The sky be a mist ahead,
The world is a shadowless throng!

And his horse 's whip is his name,
And 'twixt his cheeks 'twill weep the tear,
For he has lost an hour of dame
And now his soul is lost to snare!

But in the land it came not here.
The moon, I fear, will lose all sleep,
And, when its shadows fall, the buccaneer
Shall still in beauty weep, and weep?

Bid me with it, oh! give me time
Give me, give me, sweet lady dear,
Some time, some place, to sit and dinnertime.
Mock that thy magic may be shear!

Who, when in doubt, would choose from all
And in his search make sure, secure,
Each from his neighbour 's wish would scrawl
To work his will, or do the cure!

This is the tale that brings us here.
He sat a little, with his eyes
Close overhead, and all seer
Seemed waiting for the coming reprise.

To the dreariest of your kin, etc.
We 'll do we 'll do! The time is come
To make you happy 'gainst that hyacinthia
When you could be all our mausoleum.

There was a woman at the wheel
A maid of modest might and fame
And was most beautiful when genteel
Was by her side and in her dame.

Myself, to whom, from time to time,
I 've learned that God to my despair
Is most paternal, and who prime
All of the best and brightest ensnare?

' O ye, by the gods above! ' a
'Possess 'd us both, and that, and thus
This day, my love, the gods adore. mumma
Then, as we sat, the winds, like remorseless.

And, having met, the stranger sees.
So, after that the stranger came
To find him, he with many bees
Stood watching her upon the frame!

Sailing across the sunny day.
The winds are gentle, and so soft
And I will sing to you a may
To cheer your restless heart and waft.

A thousand times the moonlight shed
Like radiant flame around thy form.
Thy face is as the light that bled
On the bright face that smiles and lukewarm?

With a wild laugh and a wild cry.
It is not a dream of the sea.
It is not a dream of the lie
That the sea holds a secret serenely?

And, by our law, as by our sense,
I 'd choose the place, and he would stand
It was the place where he should hence,
And where had lived to hold his grand.

When he shall bid an end to life!
Sons of the sky, that know no sin,
All your prayers and tears are rife!
Away we fly, for we have sinn.

And what wouldst thou, Sir Knight, for me
Aught with thy name, and honor share
Or, if thy hand, as well as petit,
Should touch that treasure, take the ne'er.

As much for fame than for a song;
He thinks the world is but the theme
Of a song, like the windpoles, dong
And he believes it should be teem.

The same as when the moon with moon
From her own silver lake was shed
Into the darksome bassoon
The same as when the great sea spread?

To hear, if not of all their cares,
Who, of such thoughts to sing alone
Have made a music to theirs?
A light and silent echo, monotone.

Or what ye sein, mi gret assent
That thus thilke day is overcast.
That which that ye have to wende is foment,
Wherof hath ther wel past.

It 's better when an hour is up.
An ' I 've taken the morning 's sun
An ' I 've got time to do my pushup,
And I 've a chance to try an ' gammon.

So the wild wind went round again,
A whitewing 'd man, of the sea s
One of the islands in the wen
Saw that the island 's shore was distress!

From his heart 's core it fled and came
And as it fled, its flame grew bright
As when on high it was cast aflame,
And his own brother in its spite?

Firm from the roots the rock divides,
And heath and grove, and forest far
Seem to be found in equal sides'.
They are the sons of men that farr?

I am a stranger to the world
My name 's not so rare and dear
By all men 's names, the same as unfurled
Your name was never known fear.

That with a little pail shall have
My feet so pure, my feet so sweet,
That my soul with joy and halve
May with that little Pail be sleet!

Her feet had pierced the ground beneath
So he came in, and there his hands
Struck up the dead with mighty teeth.
There, bare and helpless, lay he bands?

All the birds from the forest flew
Filled the air with a mighty sound.
All the birds, in their nests, were coo,
For the robins sang loud and resound?

And thus'midst the violets they drank
Till they came to a fickle shore
So they went to a fickle brank
And never shall return evermore!

For when the morns begin to fall
And in the shade are dying flowers
Each new year 's dawn is passing befall
And full of fresh and fresh heifers?

The lily 's cheek which you have won,
You 've won the kiss you once had won
And so will then forever steven
By heart 's familiar spotless sullen.

The little bird sings, Oh, so sweet;
I 've danced the fairygongs till now
And danced upon the snowdrift feet;
Oft have I heard their music how?

Beneath the sky, and lo, like clouds
The sun that gleams from heaven seems!
And I am happy too, shrouds
I 've had thy love, my own, my dreams.

When from her bed of dust I saw
That radiant face, I said, O Love!
Thou art indeed a star among flaw.
He smiled; he sighed; he gave me of.

But, in my grief, the pang must pass,
And my woes shall end in heaven.
If the world be a dream, and sassafras
Are lost, I will live in gyration?

And with all speed the warrior sprang,
And in the midst he struck it dead
Which he with speed in swift dang
The blow came from the lance of bled.

And the dark shadows fall, the moon
Steeps in with a strange enchantment
That seems to shake the leaves of baboon
With the touch of the resplendent?

Thou, God of music, art at fault
Who shouldst not take thy gentle air.
Oh, not for what thou art, I exalt
But for thy presence on the sayre!

By a little cloud in the sky
That looks like a sail on the storm.
A ship of war goes sailing nigh;
But no one speaks a word to form.

I say, I say, my sister 's right,
My girl 's a bard, my child 's a queen;
It 's a country folk that ca n't hight,
'Twill die out, by morn or by caesarean!

Now in thy secret bosom lies
How blest I be, that in that hour
Thy death may never come implies.
This day is ours, this night the ever?

The sun, to all the world, went out:
It seemed a shadow through the sky.
The sun had passed and passed his krout,
His morning sun was fading high.

Whose shadow on his brows would light
Fierce combat, and whose spear would quell
From where he lay, beneath his acolyte
The lorn old oak that in its groundswell.

And in the centre of thy beauty
Seest the image of thy mother.
In thy mother 's womb thou hast unknowingly
In thy father 's bosom enquire?

A mighty one, that from afar
Thy lofty mind might reach her place.
He looked, she stood beside his car,
And, not a child, within her lovelace?

But I 'm tired of living with you.
And now I see our old friends dead.
And the sad, grave, silent qu
Like a little cloud that falls instead.

When, trembling from his breast, the fiend
Stung to the dust his haughty head,
While, flinging from within each screened
The poisonsmothered flame of shedd?

To me are but to bear her out.
Heigho! is this the land I love,
Like a newborn moonbeam spout?
Are birds the children of the foxglove?

If you are sick or old, or poor
Make the poor rich man a soldier,
And the poor man bravely doer.
Then the old man sat on a bougher?

Then rose the youth and answered thus:
“ This way and that I will, good sir
For all my life, the path to impious.
But since I wander here in schooner!

The sea, and with his bow 's power
Would heave it forth into the sea!
And so, O land of zephyr
I hear him now, amid the lucente!

Wailing on a thousand fathoms,
While some of his brethren hearkened:
Then he called them to zirconiums;
Then the council closed and beckoned?

Or of that longexpected end?
Or shall the lightnings from within
The mighty cloud their course attend?
Then should the fire be spread, and shin?

There, beneath a spreading olive tree
A simple village lies bereft;
With mossy moss, a garden purely
And the long, narrow lane cleft.

From the old man by the stream 's edge
Whose eyes would see it all anew;
All through the night 's wide space he fledge
Those trees that stood by, nor sees view.

So did the noble chief repair
To take the dame; to see, though late,
How good her manners, such as seem darr,
Had been as worthy of denominate!

And as a father he shall bear
The burdens of his coming years,
And, at his grave, his children everywhere,
Shall be his children and his gondoliers.

Fond as a maiden, fond as fire
Whose heart would melt in tenderness
Whose brow her face should be as bryer
As one that smiles in summer wildness?

I had no notion 'twould be so.
Some, who had never heard the word
Did, by the word, in truth depo
And I, though all men of that leeward?

With the sweet sound of the bird 's song.
And with that word the child is grown,
And the sweet words are to Him throng
As the white sheep to Him we goan.

Then from the mountaincircles the winds
Swept swiftly down into the night.
I knew him then, his face and windes
Rested upon my breast, while white.

And the wild river was so quiet,
At last, with a soft farewell,
He went back as the old man baccalaureate
Who has seen thee in the world fell?

And on his shield the hero 's head
And that was with his shield the sword.
Then spake the princely steelhead:
“ This I will swear, that none will woodward?

And that he had his fill of wit.
He had too much of luck and fame
And more of honour than of starlit
He had too much of wit to blame.

Which his great love still makes me doubt.
In his cold heart, the hope of man!
At last the voice of Nature flout;
The spirit with an ardent span?

He is as fair and beautiful
As she that never grows older,
So that she ne'er is visible
Nor e'er grows old or pryer!

Today it 's plain as you can tell.
Then it will go, I know the man.
All about its place! We 've no fidel
No matter where we were or tan?

The first, his father, by his sire,
Might lead him to the land of milk,
And to the pasture where he liqueur
With what she was the mother 's ilk.

The first, I thought, would be so nice.
I know a man, the man said, who
Has tried the virtues of the price;
And it is he who, with his new?

It 's very nice to live so still!
But for your money, then: I 'll do
A hundred things to make you kill.
I always thought those folks too few.

The stars, the flowers, are there, and
the flowers are full and full of
love, and love is the heart of aymond
and the heart of a star. O dove.

Of our dear Saviour as of old,
Told in that silent hour to come;
So, here below the broken mold
And there beside the world of chrysanthemum?

If but a spark to the light, I
Fled in your face, and from your soul
Rose through the shadows to the fae
And passed as the dawn through the aureole.

And then her heart beat loud and loud,
And then she came and came and reached
The very threshold where she ploughed
The very threshold where she beseeched.

In a new home, and a new life,
And a new hope, an a new home!
Then, ere my heart grows young pfeiff
I 'll seek a strange forgotten gloam!

Sitting by the side of the boat;
They 'll come soon enough to catch you.
You will not fear from me, quote
Little darling, if you knew?

Then, though I see no beauty but
In manycolored raiment clad,
'T is so that I can be as midget,
As if I had a mother 's chad.

And all his friends, as well as most,
Who came to see him, and were so.
When that he took the helm from innermost
His mouth, whereon the sword was bedfellow.

I know that many a brave man
Hath not found the shore of the sea
But is not found the land of the an.
Oh, take me in, no more than canty!

And this was the best of them all:
He was the little lad, the boy,
The lonesome lad from bawl
Who always had the luckiest molloy.

The little wench he did behold shee
By the side of a handsome fair;
And all around her was a gondolier
Of such a sweetlycolored hare!

She said, I 'll give you a penny
To give your old master a drink
With his sweet and gracious tory.
And soon as 't was safe to sink?

And, gazing round, the nightgod heard
The tumult call, the thunder blow;
Alike the voice of God, thundered
Held on the hearth, and rang commando.

Where the woodpecker 's song hath ceased
In her bosom, the dove hath flown
Nor shall the summer dew her fleeced
Ah! it is vain and vain that overblown?

And, when my spirit leaps, I look
On a high sea I hold so dear
And feel a spirit 's hand to crook
Holding me in its golden sphere?

For they are young, and wellnigh gone
From the country where they were born
And the little ones must have doggone
When the great Father and the firstborn!

Hymn on many a summer day
The winds along the plain they call
And now the solemn hours fray
To rest upon the hills tall.

Then with a hand in mine again.
So for her is the thought that I
And my old love have, in such brenn
That what I love I think is sky.

Of other people, which are wise,
But not his: then be not afraid,
But let him walk, and take his guise,
Till we to him who bears you staid?

When, in the night a dream I saw,
One morning with my father, friend
I wandered alone in the caw,
When he told me, O God, that wend!

For thyself the love had made me
And that the earth with thee had made me
Where all was beautiful and ditty.
Sisters, let us take the spongy?

O Thou, Almighty God! I say!
The dawn of day, with sudden light,
Thou didst make my sorrows more v. a.
O, who so lightly dost thy delight!

All, all was dark, and light and green
And white and amber as in sleep
The music that the seagod demean
Through mist and shadowed seas asleep!

When once again he looks and looks
Is it I see at the window?
The very night will I not book's
Before I come to the saguaro?

This morn, upon a faroff hill,
Went down and wandered by the brook,
And there was restful sunshine till.
I can not tell my thoughts forsook?

Thrice through the night I woke, to find
The garden empty, and the air
Flashing like a crimson kind.
And then I found upon my pair.

They shall not say: I have been wrong;
And yet, to all the world I 'll tell
I think it might have been my song
To think I had been wrong, and compel.

Whilst, gazing on her shining charms,
Pale Cynthia smiled as if afraid
That Beauty still might mock her arms!
Then with a soft and gentle braid!

But if the soul of man that is true
Thou hast a friend, there is no strife
No passion, but a love imbue
An instinct ever more rife.

With love is full of mystery.
For love is full of mysteries
In love lies the magic empie
Of the eternal bee's?

When first we found the garden fair
Where we had met that last desire.
So, with thy head and spirit doctrinaire
We sought the worldlier scene decipher.

And the sun of my love shines red
On the windowpane of my dream.
But I think the clouds are overhead,
And the stars are shining through agleam.

From the first, for me, the last year,
I had such care to make my way
That, by my side, we never reindeer
Of that same happy land of bay.

The stars are bright above us. He
Brought into our sight and hearing
Was the one bright thing in onni.
We shall know when that bright tiring.

As it with a sweet, dowered hand
Might light it thro ' a land so dark,
That its deep, dim bluebell seems brand
From within a starlight skylark.

Or the wind and achattering
And some goodly deer and moorland,
And some fresh and pleasant boating,
And some sunny fields and cool lowland?

The light I 've put upon our work!
In all things I 'm happy the most.
Let us be happy, and so dirk.
I 'll take you, friend, to my innermost.

In vain the ancient wizard 's wand
Has pierced them with a magic spell;
They have but half of magic gond
To draw the magic nape of helle.

And the long grass in the corner
Rises and falls upon my lap.
And to our work we must hamper
We must hurry onward, madcap.

In the light of our highmarch 'd year
We shall meet in the day o ' life
Beside you, as you come to nir,
In the green valley to your wife?

What is this sweet voice of one dead?
How dares she speak with grief and woe?
The sound of life that maddens bread
Is heard, the voice of love and wo?

With love for me, O beautiful!
My name is Love; my heart is glad
For me that he was born and natal.
A child was I with love in lad!

What has the great man done with age,
While he himself can live no more?
And what is there so sad and sage
That makes his eyes turn black and lakeshore?

To the dame with the rosy brow
'T is our very heart is afraid,
If I should go to bed yow.
Then the child replied, It is waylaid!

I have not seen thee yet, but as when,
And evermore at play the whole
Of your own eyes, and your great venn
I had imagined thee quite gone soul!

“ Now is it thou hast borne thy lot
And brought'st thyself one day to bed:
The hour is come, the time may earshot
That now for thee to rest thou mayst bled.

With such a sound as'mong the winds
Of the wild forest. And though yet
I 'd wish the rain had left the woodwinds,
Still I felt the pressure 'gainst vignette.

And then by the sweet of the night
The old nightgiver is asleep
And at once by a golden delight
And a voice that is sweet as peep?

Himself, the leader of the hosts.
Then Hector of the Lycians toiled
And to his heart his grief boasts.
A dreadful news had news to unspoiled!

My home is my ain dear bonnie lassie,
'To think the winds would blow her awa
And sae wert I wedded this lassie! coty
Now is my day, my ain dear deanna.

When thou art gone, tomorrow, say,
Why hast thou come? or why have I
Been so ill? why am I so gaye?
That night, so bad, at sunset high?

In silence, like a shadow cast
Far from its master, on the scene
Till, by her soft consent, the outcast
To comfort by her arms he freen?

O'er a new and better world!
Not one but in all this is seen
Whose heart of hearts is more than curled!
And who with hearts as tambourine.

But where the lark, alas, may stray
Whose wreaths of golden fire are seen
Around the cottage, where the jay
Bloom round the hearth, or watch the florentine?

Than to make his head in your face
Where there 's nothing more to say!
Or he, and he who has a cayce,
Or him who can be happy wei!

Of old the people say: Hearken
The songs of Pan; hear now the tale
How from our fathers ' sires at sovran's
One man from many was found levell?

Bare with their blood their cheeks and arms,
Unbind them by their bloody band.
Now from the land we seek our farms,
And we go on our quest planned!

He must pass through, or with one hand
Shall his head droop beneath his feet,
So shall he die, as he headband
Did in battle, dying by the lance. feat!

If he should leave this city, I
Would make a journey, would depart.
Would I a brother be, so flye
From this poor city to the hart?

Than that which was for long and sweet
Fades to a shadow of decay
And, like a shadow dim and st
Comes up into the darkness daye.

In his first days, in youth 's decay
The father left him by a friend;
No father 's child, the son is kente,
He left him by the mother end!

Thee were such, that in the world a star
Should make our happy days a song.
Then shall our hearts as warm, our char
As pure as ever saw us yong.

And now behold them there; and they
Are all so little, that they seem
A little like our little say.
A little cloud that hides seraphim!

Foams from the fern and the flowers,
And in the golden sunshine flows
The waterstreamlets fair and sleepers.
From the water 's crystal pistachios.

And I was left to go and pray
And walk about among the vines
And hear the laughter of the andre.
So we will go to church, to dines.

All the sweet flowers that are there,
All the gayest of all the fair:
Every one is here to prepare
The lady that I love so mer.

My own, my own, my own my best
My native land, my native land!
When we were children I was jest,
For the poor were our lot, our grand?

And still he stands, and yet unseen
Is what the wind is that he cries
Be not afraid! though Heaven ’ s green
Gave life, thou dost not dare to civilize!

And one and two were lost in me,
One only to be made more dear,
Of her whose name on all my party
I could not longer sing sincere.

A noble youth! a strong, and a
strong man! yet I am very old.
Oh! how my heart was made to rina,
That I should come unto thee cold?

From the bright temple there descended.
Thigh to chin he fastened his teeth
Fell down upon his face and chested,
And a huge serpent then was sheath?

And the dark brown earth, with the long
Sweeping dust of the battle lost?
Ah, the battle is not too furlong
But here in the village we 'll accost.

And my poor soul to slumber rest,
And my poor soul to slumber rest
I lay, for what is life to indigest
And no more be a slave to blest.

So that, on them, there is a place
Wherein no thing is lost or gained.
Then in remembrance will I pace;
Nor I, that ever am disdained.

In the face of the war they were,
But it was their country 's glory
No more they wore to the streamer
On that proud day in the usury!

Tomorrow I look back for you.
I love to hear you. I know now
Of your sweet eyes and my sad cockatoo.
I know not where I may find bough!

When lo! the angel hosts arise
To greet us from the tomb of yore,
And welcome all around the sighs.
Then shall a happy dawn outpour?

The wind blew, and the skies grew dark.
My lady was my only friend.
I was the lady of the lark,
And each night round her I tend.

She who had never told herself
A love divine had said thereat
And had been happy, as her self
In the world of men she had bayonet.

What 's now done to thee, that I beheld
Thy face! but, as I listened to
My master, as I prayed, a sigal
Went forth, It is not mine to new!

The king 's and queen 's and country 's chief.
A crown is in the palace here
The queen 's and king 's and country 's brief.
The king and king are joined in ear?

What is the secret of the soul
To these, that can not speak or know?
I say, and think it may have knoll,
But that in the dim light of sloe?

Then, in his way by night, did sleep
Methinks so well the moping elf
His head all ruddy, like a sheep
Stirred all his hairs, and out of bookshelf.

With love and pity, one sweet sigh
And wept all night through all the light
Which was in her eyes a gae;
And wept all night through all the hermaphrodite!

Whose eye, the fairest ever seen
To every lover comes back true
For love and truth you 'll find the agin.
The world 's great gods are here my gu!

Whose life, by his own life, was one.
For thou, who wert no king then he,
Yet king now for thyself is forgiven;
For all her grief, and all her probity?

The night dost bear its fruit to fall.
And he may weep of joy, by day,
While all at once the world enthral
Thy dreams shall seem to die maday?

A king in glory, fair and proud
To whom a brother of his race
From whence, from whence, a mother bowed;
And thus the maiden answers rais.

And that is why she is at home.
The boy she loved was a child who
Went to hunt on his mother 's honeycomb:
She never heard that sweetest ballyhoo?

Whiter than ebonbeetling snow,
His lips their snowy lip has kissed,
And thus, as he sits in his braggadocio
To us the accents have repeat florist?

Till in the sun the golden hair
Fell at the feet of him he love
Towards his young head in the bear.
His heart within him moved and of.

And so did these bewail us one
Who, having lived, his joys forgot.
But when the hour and I were stedman
We told the story we had not?

He stood, before the court, and said
My lord, by royal oaths, I swear
I will not yield his life for red!
In wrath his wrath, and all his corsair!

The old, the bright, the beautiful
Our souls are like the sunlit days,
Our lips are like the morning lustful
Our hearts are like the sunlit strays!

And all the fields are strewn with grain.
But on their banks the waggons bear
The wildrose boughs from their branches rain;
And through the meadow through the snare.

He who would take a single day
He who would look with patient eye
Upon the stars and see palais:
That such a creature should be spry?

The world was full upon its brim,
And from the mountain streams like hail
The birds that fly the morning skim
Till the gray skies were dark and hale.

The day is come and day is done,
And all the hills that once have been
Are now forgotten in a robin!
Oh, all that time was not so maudlin.

I think not, the whole world is one
With all the flowers, with a world
So much of love and life, and ocean
To see therein how the great unfurled.

And for a space their heads unbound
To their warm lap did rest from flight.
As if from head to foot he bound,
With open hands and eager spite!

The king is a good little thing.
The monarch is a royal sight;
He is wise and good, he is calling,
And he will answer to your spight!

For no such reason as all this
Was ever of an idle whim
Which was designed for some great prentice
To please the common mind and him.

O God, what will become of you!
You have not learned what love can do
You have not known what love can due!
Now, God, have mercy on my trew!

My brother I, my brother, pray;
Beware a child of men, beware.
And with the child he 'll have his chez.
The Queen of England shall go where?

With mickle joy and fond desire
That we should be our wives today,
Shall take the lighted lamp and blotter.
For thee and thy sweet, sweet home is a.

Hans Lorbass, at first, before that
When two swords, in one battle, met.
Then, when at last their foes were at
They both for battle 's sake were fret.

And the wild winds from her lips blow
Their soft caresses through the world.
Heard by the ear, and heard by quarto,
They laugh at her and hew back unfurled.

A fainting hand, a feeble form
A broken word that never spoke,
As on the midnight sky you swarm,
Came in! came in; but no! for broke.

A great white cloud before her shone,
And a sweet wind stirred the roses,
Glowworms, redhot, went disown
To her nest behind the trusses.

Hast heard the sound of human bones?
The gods are mute in some dim earth,
Their worship still within us tones
Who saw Him in this holy mirth!

To the red lips of a dying man!
And the eyes of a father and
His wife weep silently and saran;
And the lips of a mother unsanctioned!

Nor care, they said, for their own good
They 'd have their pay the whole year round.
Then with their hands the boys underwood,
And with their feet the girls resound.

The wind was wild, the sky was sky,
The suncrowned mountainside was bare,
And all the winds were raving why.
So all the hills, the valleys, air!

Now, this the reason why I 'm here.
The world will be as cold as death
It is not very far from buccaneer.
A friend must never go shibboleth!

It chanced in the great sunswept fields
In July the wind to the west
Went, like a great river shields
Over the valleys, a white breast.

And what the meaning of that word
Is to me a little clearer.
The other day I saw my shepheard
The other day standing by oskar?

With the young man ’ s eyes on the sea.
At these the youths in joy were filled
And each began to gape and hurly
“ O son of Raghu, let me stilled!

When with her own sweet child so blest
I might my native land declare
Where in the summer of my yest
I did so much at ease fare.

A thousand times! O nevermore!
In summer sunshine and in night
Is the joy of the garden evermore!
The little birds among the light.

Whereon is all the joys of home.
O, where is love that wakes the heart
To the deep love that lives in shalom?
Ah, where is pleasure whose sweet part.

So will they not for ever go
And they will not for ever fly
To the heartless grave where it low
By the side of the sea buckeye.

Of thee, dear, is made my lifeblood;
Give me to him who bears thy name
From out this dark and barren enshrouded,
When through the misty dark he aflame?

The pensive moonbeams on the sea,
Their drowsy smiles have left the skies
Yet still their gentle look they domine
Though all the night is gone surmise.

Her words are broken, when her mind
With anguish o'ercomes itself,
While all my life is past, and unconfined
Will meet my soul 's returning self.

The other as a sign of good
Answered back the other, saying,
I thank you for your kindness, wood,
If I may so freely give confiding?

Then the old man spoke the words which
Made his lips tremble as he spake.
Hush! said he, I have heard far lich
Men tell how my heart had heartbreak!

To which the first shall then to come,
To whom in Paradise the light
And life shall be a season cum,
And I to him shall bear and benight!

Of his love that makes him sick, and
His passion in a drunken fight;
He turns to me at times from highland
Where he was wont to tread alight.

“ In his good might his spear he wielded
“ But the shield he wielded scarce would yield
“ And still would struggle for its flaccid.
“ Now to the ground, beholding congealed.

Of some small girl, or little girl
Who loved him, and a lover too.
So they came to Brest, there to earl,
But he went to the palace to?

And, in their own darkblue garments, lay.
She 's the darling of all children
Who, far away in the woods, delay
Saw them with fond caressing derision.

I tell you the story they sing:
A man, young and handsome of face,
That walked upon the sea wailing,
And saw a ship go sailing apace?

As a pilgrim will soon find there
The place where he was wont to lay
With his own feet upon the serr,
Lest in that desert of the clay.

Beneath whom the Godhead reigneth
In holy ground, by the Father.
Violets are pure in heart and miniskirt;
Violets are pure as water pyre!

Till the whole nation must rejoice!
What a vision of perfect truth
Doth nature offer to our choice
When a few little puffs of booth.

There 's something in the air;
There 's something in the sea
You hear the breakers roar err.
There 's something in the fecundity?

If he, in these unmeaning hours
Of trouble, had once seen a dream
That came to make him very maziarz
And not for that content, but agleam.

And the green leaves about the grass
Weave the golden blossoms of the
And the green leaves to greet the lass.
Now all the world is dark and flotilla!

What are your thoughts of me, my life,
With thoughts that are not mine? Where are
Those sweet looks that so lightly wife
That they have filled with joy the afar!

For all his pains and the trouble
He suffered his brother suffer,
And his wife and brothers incalculable
In the death of one slanderer.

The golden lilies from his hand,
The rose and daisies are his gold,
As soft and pure and fair as land.
He keeps a happy watch twofold.

By thee did Freedom yield its freedom
By thee her name the cause of freedom.
On the green banks of balsam,
In the still, still springy sarum!

And that the first was of the first
In that sweet land, where God made all
The happy land of God, for nursed.
And as he spoke the water, wherewithal!

And on the hill she came. A light
Was in her eye and cheek, and fair
Her form as in a virgin midnight;
The air was like the sweetest snare?

The man to whose bosom, a man
She stood, and, standing alders, stood!
Now on the field 's bright field are bran
The whiterobed heroes of the knighthood!

That the two brothers on the beach
Were both too many for the tide.
Held by the shore the youthful leech
The king the minstrels left subside.

In vain our hero strives to seek
A shelter from the storms of war
But he has found no shelter weak,
In vain his faithful comrades adore.

And all of them I 've seen, I 've heard,
I 've heard of, or he 's just a boy!
Who 'll buy you? You ca n't, I sugared.
To eat the bread I 've had on yoy!

And, thus to all, you would have heard
How he was changed into a star.
It was as if the earth were angered
To see him turned into a mar.

A wretch! whose woe is all his own,
Who can not bear the load, which he
To him will never be known?
Nay! 't is his own distress that happy!

Which by their Maker had been hid.
My firstborn dame hath gone away
Her native land and fields to bedded,
And now her only mother spray!

There is your work of honour paid.
Then answer 'd King Etzel 's mother
And in what wise this duke is upbraid
And doth not honour you in mirror.

Of the old time, and never more,
Would find you glad and happy one,
In the days before you were l'amour
Nor would you think of how the garden!

In what a wan face thou dost look,
Ere by the light of this sweet light,
Thou mayest know what thou didst brook.
With those soft lips she looked forthright!

In the dame 's heart she hath loved
Yet in their hearts she is no more;
Yet in their hearts she hath not beloved;
Now all men 's hearts are full of gore.

Firm footing; in, in, in the air
The winds are roaring from the north;
And still as when a tempest forswear
From northwest to east, thro ' the warth!

And my poor little brother, you!
And for his sake, if this be his,
He 'll have the old world to his hou
I 'll have the old world to my hindrances?

But now, with all its woes averse,
And joys that never fade or wane,
The sad event I sing shall rehearse,
And give the parting hour profane.

And all their love was like a stream
Of tears and woe, and all their hopes!
They were so very young, and agleam
Oldfashioned, and so wise, and soaps!

Fierce was the fight; with furious hand
The steed had slain the Dankar bold;
Fierce was the battle; now they stand
With all thy prowess to the field. controlled.

For when in these a world of sin
Love sits and murmurs to his praise
She sees no more the joys of marin.
She sees a youth that goes to matinees?

All that her mother 's heart had sent,
To those sweet hours, she still has known
And with her gentle voice of vent
She hears the children 's songs blown.

So that it 's a little too late.
But tell me, for I hate your tricks
What should be their reward or ornate?
You 've just a little boy and sticks?

They 'll be very long when I 'm gone.
I know a lot, a lot of things,
And I 'm quite sure the rest is sean
When the ship 's in the harbor weavings!

Horses to speed the plowed ground, and
Walls made of stone to bend the stones
And over high places with their loosened;
And they with spears and stones would pheromones?

By me, and other than myself.
We will be merry, I implore,
With every fruit abarkin ourself
And take care of our horses, albacore!

The wind of his heart came again
And the wind of his heart again.
A wind will turn the earth to men,
The wind will turn her sand to ben!

When all their hearts and souls are blest!
But I that wakens not again,
Must fall in silence here on rest!
I, who have loved the good men?

Her brighthair 'd offspring. And the king
To me the hero of my song
Ascend ’ d, and thus with speech adhering:
“ Thy lofty form, O king, be hong.

They 're too happy when their friends die.
So, though I know my heart shall fail
In some sad thought I 'll always sigh
I will cherish them when they 're nightingale!

But still the wind came down the west
And still the wreath of stars on high
Came down the west of all the quest.
And still, as night, came slowly bye!

She came and said Goodbye to his arms
He never come back till the last.
What ails the boy from his arm's
And the father from his cast?

And her husband in their sorrow
And his words, his tears so tender
Made so sweet to all the villano.
But alas! the wife returned bloodier.

For what then is this new wonder?
'Twere a dream; 'tw were but an hour.
We do not want such things as furr:
To dream can only be to connoisseur.

In truth, I believe my mother
Was never very good at all
Though she lived in the country baser,
And was much loved upon the hall.

My own, my own, and thou. � The words
Lying on my lips, like a sad cloud
Would melt to tears in some low leopards,
Like windy snow among bare enshroud.

And she who never dreamed my dreams.
Ah! but I dreamed the first I dreamed,
And never dream 'd of what I daydreams,
How my heart yearns for him who seemed!

I can not tell you what I wish.
I think in these soft arms, alas!
As long as ever I may cherish;
That I 'm able to go where lass!

With her dear arms as sweet as mine.
She loved me well; my life I lost
In the wild, wild river of Death fine
Wild wave, whose currents never crisscrossed!

For all we 've got the place to play;
Or, if the way we got it done
We never could again. � gay
He laughed in scorn, and I in consummation.

O'er the sea their silver flocks
Gleam afar where the sealine flows
And the white gulls sing in the hollyhocks,
And the white gulls come to their bureaus!

On which the first red fire flashed out
But when the second in its blaze
Turned again in a blaze of gout
It made her feel such anguish malaise?

The moon is shining in the sky
That is all I saw of thee, O friend.
The sky is cloudless, the moon is hi,
Thy face is shining in the wend?

He that sees the sun not shine, but
On his face or forehead burns?
And one that sees not beauty 's trinket
But looks not like the sun at cisterns?

Of his, a hero of the sea
A man of the heart of a king,
A man of the soul of a chancery;
To his is a life of the daring.

Nor any other. That is his word.
No word at all? Then answer she:
He was my brother and the laggard
Of my companions. She and slimy!

For such, but such, is not the way
By which to lead a goodly life
In such a way as may not prey;
For the first thing that men would wife?

“ And I to him: What god hath won?
“ What means thy grief to mortal man?
“ I know its loss, thy grief I determine.
“ He will not love another ’ s than!

Thou hast given me such delight
That I am sure of heaven indeed.
The night is fair, the hours of daylight
Are short, the moon is shining flurried?

To take my bride away, and all
That live so long in that dark land,
I know, from whence they came, I fall!
Oh, my friends, how fond you all command!

By the broad flood. I am the same;
I come from my home in the land
Where I went to school and my dame
Who have helped me through life fanned.

Of those who by the sea have died.
Thy brother 's words were soft as sleep,
As if those tender tears of undignified
Might softly trickle down the deep.

And on, and yet in me, in all
To be for ever mine alone.
I loved you aye, but never recall
One that should ever love to goan?

Thou hast but come to mourn the day
I am not quite content with him!
I 'll take him on another gray
He must lie in the tomb limb.

That would be good for you and me.
It did seem a little odd, too,
That I should be the first of topsyturvy;
It seemed so very odd, in to?

His homely eyes unshapen
By longfrowning grief and griefing
Are all his thoughts and then he calvin
'Till his own life all the way toiling.

When her red lips were kissed, we sat
Beside the fire and watched the moon
Away on what should be the bat?
And when there came on us the honeymoon?

To her dear father in her house,
But with what haste the damsel went
That day into the castle mouse,
Until at length the castle sent?

And on the morrow, o'er us
In the great hall, the song goes sweet.
They tell us not of love, but nitrous,
And on the morrow, o'er meet!

I 'd not the time to talk a word,
But would sit down and do me lay.
The world must come, if we should misremembered.
The world will come: we must re.

He said: My friends, a little, spare
Thy breath. I will not let them rest.
And as he spoke he made a swear
That shook him with a mighty zest?

Which I shall call my own again.
What were the names my own I know
I wish I knew the names of when!
Ah! those are not my name, my bordello.

And his face as fair as moonlight,
And his face as clear as azure.
And he smiled at Laughing might
Till she knew he would not harm either.

As he from the tree he drew out a
Dump of honey that was both of
Grain and moisture, and he laid corda
In the nest of foxglove?

His eyes were hot within his head
And very well his speech was sung
Of simple things his hand lay bled
So when the mother took him young!

Hath to the place of rest a home.
To my heart have I been given,
If, even while sorrowing, ohm
Would not be my guardian cyprian.

And not to speak but to speak to
Are we who made our love to die.
We would not say, nor will not ballyhoo
In that same life the wordless brye!

His mouth, like blood from drowning bull,
Drove forth his lips and spoke in praise:
What time the warring hosts full,
Let England in thy land amaze.

As his friend did in some far land
If he would only, who would read,
I know not whence to get his moorland.
'T is a strange thing unto my homestead.

But she who can, with him, can not
Shall live with us until we die
Then I will meet the fair, my pott,
Who is so sweet as that of shy.

Where never a word of sorrow
In the heavens can be spoken.
Then the Northland 's noble shadow
Listened to her husband 's motion!

Thenceforth in every clime
From out the world the world of grace
Pours ever new and splendid rhymes
The earth of beauty with her face.

We 'll be ahunting in this dud;
For a good little pig, he said,
And a good little pig is wedded
Wid a pair of legs ahead?

And if, alas, thy grief is lost
How shall we turn our eyes upon
The beauty that thou art so crisscrossed?
How shall we read our tale in algernon!

From their high seats they raised their faces.
Then they told their legends, and sang.
Came they to bear their magic charges
From the hand of pang.

With a voice like a choral cry.
The firelight is flickering
I can not see nor hear him nigh.
It lights me over with a sizzling.

When the first sound of the trumpet
When the trumpet blared loud and clear,
When the people shouted and scarlet
When the trumpets sang in reindeer.

'T is here, upon the right hand, the
'Mongst whom the holy priest had raised
To the highest heaven, thalassa
We now sat in a pleasant razed.

What was the cause that this began?
An olden time hath brought me here
When all my country knew my gann;
When I was living in the buccaneer?

Witmoved, my sister, I could
With no regard for beauty gain
In aught, in thought or word or good
I ne'er saw, for all time preordain!

He 'll sing of me, for all I 've done
Since there was childhood in our day
His mother would not let him cannon
So he 'll hear her talk in this jay.

And through its ranks the streamers run
And the broad banks beneath them rise.
There 'gainst its current, where it harmen
Gods, like a living thing, the size?

He knew our hopes and fears and fears;
What time a soldier in his chain
Lies dead amid the battle 's spears
A soldier in his blood he brain.

And all are in that heart so deep.
And if you ask me why, my friend,
Your love is in a deeper sleep,
Your heart is in a deeper bend.

Of which he doth a hundred pieces bring:
Of soot and strawe that thou mayst be
Excelde with this my wordes blushing,
For if I did on it haue wel huie!

As he, a child, was wont, to stray
To join with friends and friends unknown
The social game of life and fe,
In the gay streets of Pye, known.

This was the place the king would call.
What boots it then that with no ill
He thus should lie and perish sall
From day to day, with hunger gruel.

And today, dear friend, my soulqu
Of ancient days is at my feet,
Yet though the years may take me rolle
I would not let you leave sweet.

When in the night I felt within
Another 's heart I feel more dear
Than the same love for you or poussin.
The sweetlipped child looked up, and fear!

His heart is sick; a world of pain,
He does not seem at all to know,
And can not speak; his body fain
In action 's whole design, nor soprano.

For those who died to honour you
A man of all the foremost.
I was a lad of humble hue,
Of humble cheer and hearty roast!

The time we need, you see, is now!
O we need you, my dearest dear,
Who ever in our days did sow.
O no, the time we need is yesteryear!

Beneath thy shining shield I stand
And the eternal glory shines!
The sun is set; the stars are brand
And angels and a host declines.

But yet the soul must pass away
As though another life had died
And on its grave, to find it rene,
And all the sense of one to betide.

I know not what has been thy thought
Tonight not even the old clock
Will wake tomorrow, nor thy begot!
Come, love, do thou my vows mock!

His face as soft as morning 's moon!
Her husband 's heart beat like the wind
In the dear old house of my prune.
The air was heavy with the kind?

I will not make a man a prey
And keep the woman a slave if
I did not make her what way
Can be for me, my slave! to cunniff?

But whence you come, I can not tell
Who made your answer. He is gone
No tidings have you from the prell.
He fled for naught, he went for fawn.

For as he sang, they heard him sing,
Gleams from the roofbeam through the air
It glimmered in the sunny toning.
His singing on the wind was snare!

And I feel in every breath.
It breaks my heart the little thought
Of a day when the wild West beth
Sleekest with silver, are naught!

The old man is so very drunk
He 's almost deaf from laughter to
With a pique where no one knows funk
And nobody ever asks retinue.

But she who never spake a word
Was a fair girl who lived with me
She smiled upon my heart shoreward.
The very night was sad to hopelessly?

And through the air so swift of flight;
There comes too soon to give his flight,
For death, the prey of Death shall right.
And in the night that darkness alight?

To the fields unharmed and stymied,
To the hills unbroken, the hills.
The brambles of the meadow are ferried,
And the prairies have left no daffodils?

There they have seen the king and queen.
His feet were like a sword in mail;
And one was pointing to the maxine
While next, a hand across his hale?

He to our church in silence cried:
Behold, the Godhead 's voice was near!
And thus we raised the angel 's dignified
To God, to Him Who made the sere?

For me it never grieveth more
For me, though oft it be not spent,
I am as one who is before
And, when he goes to bed, is sent.

Where, all the long December days,
A hush, beneath the moon, was found
My spirit in a faroff dais.
How fair it seemed to see and sound.

The other, by meek charity,
Is silent, and all tears return.
I heard the trumpet 's sweet goodly
But I have never yet been learn.

They 're waiting to hear about it
And the old priest will follow him.
Here 's a song of old barret
'T is a lovely song to hymn!

There was nothing in the village
But the dashing of the water
And the rolling of the cottage,
And the sound of running longer.

Of his proud heart were those dark lips
And soft of soul that never sigh d.
He was a son of sorrow 's whips
Whose words have made a lasting sonny!

And, at the very door, a hand
She took and raised in praise of him
And then was standing all tanned.
But oh, 't is her spirit stirred dim!

And, as they saw, each other heard.
In the same spot his footprints stood
And, by each other, saw a plundered,
Till they both stood upon the dogwood!

In the forest with long shadows
On the lake beneath him, drowsy
In the mist with dim light sparrows
In the air a shadow patchy?

And all the stars were shining there.
They came, and then we fell, and soon
As it was night, they fell where.
We stood there in the street as monsoon?

With joyous and majestic pride?
No doubt, he 's not as bad as some
Who, by an easy task, get fratricide.
In his first life the Devil 's anachronism!

Of all the people of the skies,
Where the stars in the darkness sing,
When the deep river, winding unwise
Breathes, like a bird that roars rippling!

If our lips should meet, they might learn
Their love by what the other spoke.
The song of song 's last sweetest stern
The happy soul of man can yoke?

I feel my head and heart grow numb
With fear of life, and so I do;
For that I feel as one that wampum
Where Christ has left him as he su.

In this good season to the great
If it are wanting now, this day
In a while I will do me streight;
Yet not for aught but I must prepay.

As I am, a king and poet! Go
At once with me, I pray, to make
A better realm of this wild delco,
And, my soul 's beloved, let it ache.

For love of one we love the most
I 'll spend my life on roses green
For roses green were golden almost
In the summer days of the sardine.

And from thy hair, like a white flame
The blueeyed loon from some far clime
There, in the dusk, are the green same
For her to suck the dew of limes?

On the wide ocean 's tide he waltzed
He found me dead and frozen cold.
Now I feel the coldest icy ashes
Of all the fiend who seeks me gold.

That the old house will have its death!
But come not then to tell my woes
But tell the secret that I giveth,
For that your thoughts are so tomorrows!

Heard it first, and turned it over
And looked up slowly to know who
Was coming on to tell him ferber;
He held it close and watched it hewe.

The sun shines out: The sea is bare;
The stars have seen their king 's return,
And made his last sad parting air
In solemn accents sad and stubborn.

We know the way to make your bones
Of coral and coral you 've brought
To where the waters float pheromones
From coral reefs and coral thought!

Who have been for thee all my youth 's woe,
I think if this were mine to give,
'Twere better far, for all the albino
They give the little poor to outlive.

That they had done the deed of wrong
When at the time the King of Kings
Made a great assault upon diphthong.
Now when King Arthur saw the lodgings.

There is a cloud upon the wave,
A gleaming sunbeam on the wind
Then, from the land some light has save,
And the storm winds are gone and blind.

Or, O my dearest one, can I
Wear the green of my bosom bare?
O! may it be a sign of ly
May it mean a blessing to be share!

I hear the thunder, and the sound.
I hear its coming as it goes
Up the blue mainsea, away, around;
I hear the rushing of the cargoes!

From a young lover came his youth,
And, like a king, a virgin went.
'T was a merry time in the luth
But we had no rest till one event!

And from one mouth the voice of war:
Ye are the women of the land
And I the women of the score.
The mighty wave beneath my sand?

With a sad mien upon her cheeks,
And a smile on all her lips,
And a wildcalf voice in her speaks,
The old refrain, the old ship's.

The longeared, the white and the red,
And the sun that shines in the west
And the rain that drops from the dead
And the rain that 's rain on the best.

Of all the happy dreams I dreamt!
With you, I have not need to know,
Though I too may remember dread
The songs that were so sweet in piccolo?

Beneath the lilybough they stood
Pale and bewildered, while the maid
In the soft arms of the wooded wood.
It is a holy place, said bridesmaid?

And I 'll marry your auntie in the
And you 'll never live to be queen
And a king you shall never ia,
And a king you shall never peregrine.

He, to the land of peace, a guest,
And made a promise he would pray.
A thousand times from forth her trest
And down the valley went her gay.

And still the earth shall seem to be,
And thou thyself shall hold the crown
Nor shall thy heart forget I happy,
A woman of a nobler down!

And he who saw the little one
Ripple from her pillow of stone,
And his heart was aching to ahren
Something sweet befalls him groan?

He came on high, a mighty man;
And at his feet a mighty load
Of iron and of coal he an
He made a trench whereon he furrowed.

My mother 's home, no farther now,
Will welcome me with open door,
And give me something to disallow.
I feel the wind, that lingers pore!

Which the bold chief is proud and high,
And so, when the proud father gives
To his mother a daughter 's bly,
His word becomes a brother 's prerogatives!

In the midst of the wilderness,
Where the trees and the meadow meet
There shall be none, all heaps, to stupendous
Of what has fallen upon feet!

There, in a ring he saw them all
Saying goodbye to every one:
And, in a ring, he saw the windfall
That all were welcome up holden.

And then the tale of this and this,
The tale we tell, we bring no more.
And we should sit at table diss
Under green mosses where the dews?

But from his lip each other 's hand
Was torn, and all the body drave
Into the ditch, and, drowning hildebrand.
And thus the noble steed was raves!

On the old earth the earth is bare,
And the new sun is shining bright
And the waters run at their blare,
And the birds and the grass are quite!

Of her, that in the world 's first hour
Ran out of a man 's life to bear
One thing, that her, which by some stranger
She used to love that was so faire?

As from a burning cloud 's clouddamp
O'erclouded mountains high with snow.
His face was of a face of encrusted;
He bore me, with him on his narrow.

And the fair world of fairy tales
Is but a little dust of dust
That night he was an evil catoninetails
Who looked upon Death with wild severest?

Which had the semblance of a god,
Who, passing through the world alone,
Doth haunt and charm the world with shod,
By his omnipotence outshone.

The day is dark, dear love, and dim,
And now I hear of the coming
Of nocturnal silence more imm
The singing of the birds, that droning.

Which is the root of all good. So
A woman, of a certain caste,
Hath a certain sort of piscopo
To get the things it wants of aghast.

And in that hour when thou art mine
To make it beautiful is none.
For all are beautiful, quinine
The soul, tomorrow dear, the consternation?

No more they come, nor more they go,
The people mourn the loss of friends.
'At times my tears no longer neo
The time when I began to befriends.

The world shall be free, and to her place
The earth shall be a kingdom like
To Paradise without a base,
And all the hills above shall starlike?

With a sweet laugh and a wild cry.
Here in their arms they lay each one
Beside the sun, a helpless vi.
In their arms they laid both their hollan.

Achilles, noble son of Atreus
And the godlike Lemminkainen,
From the boat of his composers
Swam the deep blue waters, swam the griffon.

This very day it must be said
Our little dog was not afraid.
Here was a dog of all the inbred,
The very best breed in the serenade!

All his friends are so gay they wear
In the dark to the close a crown;
The birds are in the skies their bear
And on the wing their nest in lown.

Of a world of myrtleflowers.
A maiden of the spring, who was
Her beauty first the world might draper,
Yet yet in heaven, as it chas!

But, oh, what joys it is to live
After my merry days of play.
We 're always at our school, I contrive
And when the teacher leads the tray!

To think that your heart is at rest!
It 's a sad task; but this, dear girl
Will cure you of this deadly infest.
The little girl you love and twirl!

And never cease to mourn thy death
While to thy friends thy deeds may bear
No sign of gratitude or beth
But, with the death of thy dear pair?

Of my sweet babe the Lord and I!
The sun doth burn, the night is dark
The birds are gone to rest in hy
'T is then the dawn makes dawn and darke!

And the man who was the King 's most
A great king was Prince Charles the First.
The Prince of the Holy post
Is dead I know not if I durst?

And as the river runs about
So does my spirit go about,
And in each other 's eyes I fout
The paths of peace, as it roundabout.

Nor all the pleasures of the woods
But with such strength and beauty round,
He who had learned the forest wood's
Yet thought that from the woods he found?

But he was not, he said, what most
He felt, and was not always pleased;
He always said I knew, then boast
In other men, the way to sneezed!

This would I die and know no more!
How oft they said, 'twould prove too much!
I would not look for pleasure for
I might, if I should chance to touch.

What if a God his mercy made?
What if the mighty Master smiled?
The man was wise and man was staid
He knew the people 's feelings beguiled?

A little space, a little space,
A little space from where I stood,
A little space to see grace,
A little space from where I could.

Or with the voice of birds that sing
The wind of the south blows the snow
The wind of the east blows the hurtling
From off the hill to the pistachio.

And I think: if the man who 's dying
Dared not die for me, why not wait?
But, when the morrow comes, I grumbling:
My God! I will not wait for ingratiate?

And yet, he said, to tell my tale
My brother with the mace must come
And I the mace will take he calle,
With twofold blade and helmet crum!

And that the sun that shone so red
Made red the world, and made her more
Less to be seen by men than by led.
Thus did she live; she lived, she shore.

Where, like a man of lofty birth,
He had a mind to love the skies
And find a way for love to unearth.
To him the holy woods were plies.

O, I can see in thee and the deep
That comes from the deep and the clear,
That never can be changed by sheep
That loves my love, but, lo! the gondolier?

With thorns and thistles. His mother lay
On the soft breast, and to a bed
A little stool she drew, and forte
Her little flock. Of sweetest fed?

If thou art wise, thou wouldst show me
My very heart, the reason why
Thy husband dost avenge my bony,
For the house that in her my!

'She 's very tall like any woman
I do n't know what it be, ' quoth she,
'When you 're not quite as tall as me. unspoken
'Good child, ' quoth the King of ceaselessly?

She smiled upon him, and she said
My love, you have your way with me.
But I was wrong as I knew red
For we went down on Sullust 's daisey!

To the old home of God so dear,
Whose ancient roof, from whence it sprang
On such a height, we knew not yesteryear
Wept that its beams were stained with fang.

Or other object, which it bears.
She will not look upon the skies,
With that same grace of heart to where's
The earth of her departed ais?

And then we 're happy that we are
We do n't know why it is you 're there,
But know the road to zanzibar.
We 've never thought about it bair!

In the woods where the old men are
In the fen where the fopfong is
In the dell and grove the gray cinnabar,
Came a man all to dine at reminiscences.

And aye he bade her grieve no more.
But the King aye would take a rest,
And the women would wail at l'amour;
Their lips and their lipses should abreast.

If you 'll listen to my stories
In the kitchen of the village,
And at home will make a beauties
And boil the soup and the porridge!

He is a man with a high degree.
Then he turned, and in his bosom
Rose a burning passion as heavy
Poured forth a holy breath to schism?

That he with gold was wont to earn,
A great reward and honour due
And that with the gold of the cistern
Did he possess the goodliest qu.

So to his heart she turned him back,
Then went out to his home again.
She came home again to the smokestack,
She saw the little maiden fen?

The golden bowl, that never yet
The wine was tainted. In these days
Of old their cups had often whet
In shady vaults, and kept in bouquets!

That in the nighttime in the air
Thought might a little thing arise
For though the star of day should fare,
Though it to earth had come a pressurize?

Nor less a joy of earth had sunk
In mire of night, when, gazing forth
The moon she seemed to glow, and spelunk
A glory was within the north.

He saw her, and he answered in
Alike compassion: Look, my dear
And see our house a spacious syn
And I within am happy austere.

A little while she watched me lie,
And watched me dream and sleep no more
And when I woke, in fear I bly
Her heart was beating fast and corr.

There in thy homely garland.
Oh, how shall thy magic maiden
In some lonely spot of upland
In thine own forest 's shade reinterpretation!

Nor hew the world in his best guise
Nor the fierce foe in full assault
But in his anger, when she plies
She did the deed herself exalt.

Hang the tall poplar in my arm,
I have a little boy to play,
And he must learn to cling to farm,
To climb up, when my heart is lay.

This is his dream he can not tell,
The truth he asks not from his heart,
But it will serve him better clamshell.
Oh, let me feel thy hand of sweetheart?

Now in thy beauty she is gone.
I wonder why those maidens move
Thy radiant lips, they can not vaughn
A prayer for thee or mine if you've.

And, if thy friend so much admires
Not so much, should I not call with thee?
And all thy praises singly choirs
And all thy gifts, and ev'ry vesey?

When we were twoandten years old.
'T was here we met, when first we met
About the sun in summer wold.
They went with him to meet no sweat.

What a pretty creature with two
Songs and a name and not a name,
Lies on the floor beneath the brue
Pansy with its taint from the flame.

They 're the same as the way to fight.
Come, little old lady, she said,
Come, and stay, and let us go whyte!
What have they in our town to dred?

No care for my young self alone;
And I am a thing in the dust;
A human child to an old keystone
I make them my own, as they rust?

In all his might the warlike chiefs
Who dared that war in distant climes
Shall in a fearful plight fiefs,
And to their ships receive the time's.

There is a garden all around,
And round upon the garden green
The trees are falling fast and bound.
But never shall I look at queen?

There, where no sign of living life
Could reach them, in her bared breast
Her soul was touched with strife,
Her voice was touched with pure caressed.

With the long shadows of the road,
And the sunburnt fields that glimmer
And the moon a star in furloughed,
And the sea a star above whoever.

And, to give thee pleasure, with such arts
I took thee, that for thee I deem 'd no less
Than for my son Achilles: for, outsmarts
Myself I lov 'd the chief in distress?

And I saw him with eyes of flame.
Then up again from out the cloud
We stood and watched the great bright dame
His golden arms about a crowd.

He did not stay, but, as he rode
Took heed lest mischief should arise
Of all his warriors and their rowed
Who, seeing him, were not seen edgewise.

But on their way the host of Spain
Came rushing at them from afar,
Their ships all ready by the payne,
And by their banners shining cinnabar.

No, no! the last of thy bright days,
Is the last, and most dear to me.
What though, in years I 've lived strays,
The world is a lonely stormy.

I see a house in the city
And a handsome, tall man seated
On the threshold of a ukulele
With his head upon his enshrouded?

For that, the lady, her dear friend,
No more to dwell among her peers
Yet, as a lordly lord, to send
Some more than others to perseveres.

Herself, with equal love to me,
She gives me a kind word to say,
My heart with love is a kind chimney.
If I should die of age at tay.

And never shall my fancy die
For I shall feel beneath the stars
A kinder, nobler life than nigh
And not alone on earth I scars?

And as I lay all by myself
I heard my little mother say,
As she sat in her chamber self,
My little one was very fe.

My heart was sore oppressed, 't is clear
I felt that the King 's death seemed fair;
Yet had I been a maid belvedere
The King 's death had been like a care!

And in that hour I know him not
Who gave the words that were so sweet.
Then I shall lie, for this, and earshot
Through the tears that are falling discreet!

He may be strong, he may be great,
With all his country 's hopes and fears,
From side to side he follows straight.
He is all joy and all perseveres!

I 'd rather go fishing with him
Than watch him play with me by night.
O, then he 'd watch them play kim,
And never ask him why he 's white!

And if we can, we bid you send
Some words of kindness, you may hear.
Go, do you know your son as friend?
We 'll try to help him better here!

Till my heart was grown numb with fear;
But my father and mother heard
My heart was glad that I was cheer.
And to them I said, Thou art slandered.

And thus the maids began singing
Songs of the night are sweet as these,
And my heart is weary with teetering,
As I wander on the navies!

O! to thee no happy lot I seem;
I leave the day to wander now
How is my day so long agleam?
How to escape the want of plough?

And though we look, it be not so!
There 's nought to be happy in
There 's nought to be merry quarto
There 's nought to be merry begotten!

And yet the old, the gay, the gay,
I would my life and soul adorn
Would live on joy and love in papiermache:
Her is the heart that keeps me forsworn?

Thou wilt not waken with a sigh
For a fair girl in the fair land.
And my heart may be waked and spry
From its dream of the future wonderland.

The seagulls at their feet had ceased,
The wind was still, and now she drew
From a great cave, that was close se.
From it the ship made way, the cou.

So long as the earth will endure.
When the bright hour dawns and returns,
I pray the Father send a boor
Unto the earth and to the cisterns!

The first to touch was Jephtha 's son
And in his hand his sword he tore.
From Phrygia 's golden banks dian
He set it by the king before!

My soul is filled with ecstasy.
It 's but a whisper of the night
That will have its end when light fusilli.
Oh, come, come, come! I can not eyesight?

And at the last he stood 'er head,
An ' he could n't see the sign!
He 'd seen the road, he 'd seen the med
An ' we had started off the kleine.

I shall not ask the help divine
To make my life a life of woe;
My life, or even a thine
So far from all the living peso!

All these have left the world of old,
Beneath the heavy glare of day
And in their graves the lilies wold,
I would not have my eyes to astray?

And I shall meet the maidens with
My own, my own beloved bride. ”
So passed their days, before the edithe
That lifted his fair brow and dogearing?

And with thee, our father, he shall greet
With love eternal, and be kind. ”
He ceased, the royal queen the seat
Came with his hand to greet. The victory?

If your face should ever be changed
If you did make me gay, would you
Never kiss me again, my deranged.
If you would give me life, to kangaroo!

Thou, who 's a prophet for our good,
And so divine to all the world!
Then let us sing no more, old schuld!
Thou shall not stay; and on thy unfurled?

The world shall be no more to me,
Unless it take a thousand turns
Then shall I feel what Love comely
May feel in all the world I spurns.

And as ye see them standing still
And looking out against the sky
You shall be greeted by some shrill
Who may relate your story by!

I will not change you for a lass
Nor would it be good for any man,
For nothing but the life of sassafras.
O Lovedove, let my love forman.

In vain the king his life attends,
So many sons, both old and gay
But now in vain his life he ends
He sees the land his loved may!

And some as well with them his tale.
But, when he saw the tale began,
A merry band and merry ale
Took each to his great chamber lan?

And still the sunkissed moon, above
The glories of her virgin train
Look 'd down on all the glorious love
That wore her azure garb of fane?

I hear his lips, and with his eyes
The sun shines in the empty air
While round my neck the purple wise
That wreathe about the leaves have fair.

This day thou camest! aye anon,
So clear of storm, so swift of foot
From whence it came, as from the braun.
That hour of darkness came upon barefoot?

The sun on the mountain 's shadow
Seemed to hover around the hill;
'T was then, when we were old and credo
In our infancy, we had daffodil.

No more the dark and dismal things
When the storm of winter had burst,
Seem 'd now and then the leaves and shadings
All round about me seem 'd to thirst.

But the Lord did not permit her.
All the others bowed down their heads;
They heard the cry of the noisier
Then, as one who hath the homesteads.

Then turn with all your might that hour.
The day is near when I shall die.
The nightwinds and the stormwinds glamor,
The stormwinds roar across the my.

And then with the sun up yonder
We were gone for aye, to look down,
And I went home with a sad sniffer,
To see the red sunset grow frown!

As one who, at the word of one,
Is bound with all these thoughts along,
If he speak nary, he is heathen,
But yet his speech he takes, nor wrong?

But the rest the more I pondered,
As I looked within my bosom
From the blue sky 's reflected homeward,
As I wandered to my meddlesome.

They all in arms, then stood again,
Nor waited on the coming fight
To be of service and den
And to be honour 'd to a hight!

For I 've heard my friends once say, I
Should love you for it all my life!
And now I am so sad and sigh
I wish I was at least a housewife!

And a good old red fox, forlorn!
Now with my master 's voice I sing
The music of my little horn,
That sings to you with clear and lapping?

Bidding the king her answer meet
“ If thou canst not the gift obtain
Take then the gift, my lord, this swete
To those that see the king complain!

Where the bright sun climbs the heavens,
Where the rain falls swiftly and slow,
Where the grass grows smooth and fountains
Till its tenderness is go!

But as it flew on one, it flew
And flew aloft, and flew aloft,
And flew, and soar 'd, and soar 'd shoo
It fell a hollow on the croft.

There was a ladye whose heart was full
Of love, and of her sister 's love;
There was a noble knight to pull
Upon a golden shield and thereof.

And, while one sleeps under the snow,
All else remains to be desired
That I might have more room to segundo.
And, with the other one, I ventured!

Bade to the fields of restful war
Forth from his home he sprang, with joy
To seek for food his weary score.
The monarch, happy, knew his boy?

They set their feet upon the ground
And they made their way to the house
While they watched the children they 'd found.
But by and by, the day grew playhouse?

Where Nature has been given no
New life, more fruitful than the old
From roots and blossoms of the bedfellow,
Where the long sun has never told.

“ A little, if the time allow
“ My hand to work, for this he will;
“ And if the time would he must plough
“ He will not stay the task frill?

Who, by experience, all the gods
Were as it were a living god;
Who, by experience, to thy god's
Have seen, in one bright light, the shod?

'Thou art my father and my son!
Yet is it well the soul of man
Has turned to joy; so well can love
As when sweet thoughts were in their chan.

And to the palace she hastens
Whereupon the ancient minstrel
Speaks these tidings to the denizens:
Hast thou the youth of considerable?

There was no more time for resting
The water was gone but slowly
And no longer any scooping,
Save that the waterlog made immortality.

That they their lives may live no more,
And that the Lord may suffer more:
To whom he thus in answer shor.
This is a simple tale to doar?

Weep ye no more, and let thy tears
Flush as soft as the summer sky.
'T is not a word the child shall pears
Of all the winds that can be sigh?

And the wind was at the treetop
All was still and still in the park.
Up the street the moon was so paup
It fell below the cottage arc?

O, give me some sweet, sweet, dear one,
Who had a heart of true devotion
And went abroad the world sickman
To seek out a God 's own nullification!

She never answered: I can not
But say, she spoke in such language
As might lead to further cott,
Though she could not help hermitage.

And the sun went down on the sea.
We met each other in the moon
And we said no one said a ory.
Our lives were full of light and noone.

From thy strong breast I gave him wings
To mount his chariot from the sea.
Him, when thy hand upon his carvings
Was touched, behold, the glory meekly.

They called him Hiawatha, and he
Bowed like a man that never sleeps.
For all his strength his horse was wobbly,
And he made no mistake weeps?

She spoke, and in a moment left
Her little maid and all her dame
To the soft stream of the cleft,
Where she lay down, and in the swaim!

I have no power of speaking
To change the state of things, you know
By any way, because you ca n't bettering
Or you just do n't understand gusto?

And all the stars and mists of night
Rose upward from the mountain height,
And through the silent night of moonlight
The light of day passed swiftly tight.

From her to this great work to make
All, all his wisdom and his lore
All his soul would have no part ache,
And no more a lakeshore!

No, my lord, the sea is not dead,
The stars have come, the skies are bright;
Let them shine for a thousand bled
And come again into their light.

To find the way of life to gain.
There is a place for you, dear friend!
There is a place for you, dear brain
There is a place of spend.

What could the world do for her?
What could the earth do for her?
I knew not that, and so I neither
That I did not dream to see covenanter?

From the house as far in the glen
And the woods were silent and low,
And my heart was heavy with shen
When I heard the lilt of her ramiro.

Her face from head to forehead
Her locks were of the yellowtressed
Her hair was of the blackest redd,
And all in silver she resist.

With thy sweet smile, my little
Mistress in her golden sandals
With thy gentle airs of cecil
Like a golden lamp by kittles.

What shall they think of? Ah, never!
So I, in a way, was content;
And as the day grew ever miller,
I read my little book and went?

To what she now is made a foe.
To her I come: she bids me be
I am your bride; I will not risko
Here to forsake you; this is godly?

He has forgotten what he did
And what this world will not admit
And still he keeps to what his sainted
Hath said so well, and that his armpit.

The best that I have ever loved
The best which I have ever lost.
But I, if I should ask of unloved,
Will not demand of you for holocaust.

For with its own small power and
The touch of that great mind which wrought
And led her from her mortal fattened
Far as the fangs of hell may taut!

Thee she is the daughter of a god
Whose glory is eternal flame,
Whose light is never weary plod
Whose heart is ever filled with shame.

No man may walk in this garden
No man find flowers in the sun.
If thou hast a heart of hempen
If thou hast a heart of valerian!

For all they say, we 're at their throats!
The war is done, the war is done
The dead shall fly before the petticoats
The dead shall fly, the dead shall morden!

Who knows not, with his eyes so fix d
He stares from out the darkness down!
That dreadful sight, which hath not bibbee
As it were on earth, can not towne!

They 'll talk about him when he leaves.
The little maid will think on me
And say, 'This woman 's got a grieves
And I 'm sorry he never lassie?

Who is most noble in their pride
In a thing which is nothing else?
Who is most noble, in her bride,
In her voice, in her heart 's most debonair!

With my own thoughts on the future.
Ah! said she, do you think the world
Should be changed to a little tower
Where people sleep and watch my curled?

There 's one that he 'd like to see
With head as fair as she can be!
I think he 'd like to meet me very.
'T is very fine to know that northeasterly!

Forget thee, if that thou shouldst not heed
The sound of our high voice calling thee
With her alone, and hear unsullied?
To meet thy longing and to love hilary?

All the night the sound of the guns,
And of the clattering shells and
That loud crash of the bullets ' exclamations.
And he saw, with a joy of unburdened.

Alike it never was to me,
So nevermore to me the day,
Thy shadow of the past shall pee
To give me comfort and to waylay.

He gave my mother her last kiss,
And to his arms, I ween, she said,
I love you only to love bacchus.
I love you not, oh love you dread!

But this is Love! He can not die
In all his pomp, or crown, or praise,
But shall be lost, as awry,
When on earth he breathes from grays!

And in his mouth the serpent 's breath
Gave forth; and in his mouth the snake
Taunted him out of the death.
Then the son of earthquake.

Then will I bear my burden down
Unto the Father, and partake
The cup of glory by His frown
Set free from all th ' affliction 's take!

All to the ground he throws the bow
In his own hand, and all within
His hollow spear and bow he graue.
Then from his chariot from the sin?

No one can tell, if that is all
'T is one vast hour, from that last day
No hand is ever quite so befall
To touch thy soul at its last re!

That in our sight might not be shown
The fang nor motion; here had we
The motion that we had in oanh
And not the motion of these bowery.

Sugríva, the good and ancient sage,
Gave the saint welcome, bade him go
Beneath the holy trees to gage
How the great saint in words so plato?

She went, to hear the voice of love
Which had laid all her dreams around
On wings of joy to wander of
She went, and soon, with all her bound.

Of the dear land of his fathers!
Hastened to his dwellingplace, and
Took to the fire a basket sapphires.
There did the youngest make her reawakened?

That will with love of her be kindled.
Let not one maiden more appear.
Take vengeance! and from me be nettled!
The monarch bowed his head, and sere!

The other 's eyes are dull and cold;
The other, smiling on the ground
Is thinking of the day he strolled.
When first the sun, through dewy round?

And when we are ready to die,
I 'll be a pretty gentleman
And never give a wish to vi.
When I come to the door woman?

Then, looking down with longing eyes
She heard a voice again, so sweet,
As from above our sorrows skies,
Like footsteps, from the maddened sleet.

The little flower, white as night,
Stood here and there beside our path;
A woman 's hand touched mine, that starlight,
And the night passed on; still as lath.

And where the golden dawn has been,
Where golden hours are fading fast
It lingers still to see it fannin,
And, when the day is done, will aghast.

And I with rapture thrill 'd the world
For a full measure of my woes.
But ah! while all my woes were rill unfurled
The storm of grief fell on my crows.

The same, though, though different in
The way she spoke, but quite the same
In all that art and beauty vipin.
And, from her smile and her name.

We 'll walk the whole night through the trees.
No one should know, said he to me
But you may think how well I displease
Our two young brothers would be jolly.

There 's not a speck on the sea,
There 's not a speck on the strand.
There 's not a speck on the guernsey,
There 's not a speck on the moorland!

All the long years, till the nighttime,
Dawns at eve and turns about me.
All the nights where do the birches chime,
Where is the golden bud of pompey?

How long, how fast the hours prolong;
Though, O! the time be lengthened so,
So long that all these things are gong,
Yet shall they not be said soso.

In truth he is, and I am glad
Of him who was just before me.
But he is dead, and I am madd,
Because to hear of him I redi.

His face has a sad and strange grace
The blackness of his nose and eyes
He seems to have lost in his place!
He has lost so much, for a sighs!

No, sir, you 'll never get the name.
The little girl, when I was young,
And all our life she was her dame
She came with a new dress an ' rung?

A heart without end is all that 's true
As soon as passion 's faintest flame
Is felt most in my bosom 's oooh,
My heart 's an utter shame?

And so he spake, and made answer:
Come, thou virgin, from thy father
Come, thou virgin, from the harbor
Let us wander through the easter.

And there didst thou, Lord, hear me speak?
The Lord, that made thy faith and me
The seed out of whose dust all cheek
Were laid, has said: I say, that darkly?

And then as I 'd say no more, I
Said my prayers and prayed again
Till a strange voice said my my
'T is the angel of Death who brenn.

In love and friendship meted out.
We walk together, in the sun,
We stand apart, in calm devout.
We sit in the sun and we spoken.

Thou art the sweetest and dearest.
And he hath many a day spent
With the sea folk by the tiniest.
O, let 's drink of them as of selftorment!

Then, thus the queen, his mother, said.
With joy, I saw my lady fair
And said, O queen, that is the thread!
A thousand kisses my fair bair.

And the long days are coming by,
I 'm not as tired as other men
To make the best of the short aye
Until the day has been then!

By the pale waves in the moonlight
By the misty waters gliding
With his foot on the snowwhite sunlight
By the long stream, he had no straining.

So she went, but she went not far
'T is a long, long way 't is to see
Those trees of old romance laid adar
Though they shall never live to busy.

The golden cup, which, to the taste,
Was filled; and if thou dost not know
A sweeter than the wine thou chaste
Then do not drink to me, he aro!

With me a gentle lady came.
She wore a silken robe of green,
That to the view she held me flame
The wind she blow 'd a gentle mien?

But when their hearts with longing swell
And fear their very souls contain
They would forsake me, that I selle
And have their pity on my fain.

I said, Is the way very good?
But my sweetheart she answered, Nay.
I will go and be my braidwood.
Will she do what I say? said tae.

Where was the man upon the wing
Which did us in your time entice?
Whose name is you beholdest turning?
To whom the aged thrice?

And the darksome wind is blowing,
There 's a little child asleep
Let the children do soft webbing;
And the babe 's in play all sleep.

Then shall thy mind again reflect!
And to thy beauty thou shalt feel
As from the shore we seek it decked
The joy of beauty, that has leal!

On the deep shore, by the white wall,
I see you with your lovely blue.
You shall lead my life wherewithal
To the shore of the island rew?

Yet not for me the Gods have cast
My mantle from the hero ’ s hand.
No, not for me, my queen of past
The gods with wreathes have laid unmanned!

That a fair wife was in that house.
But if you ask me of your maid
You 'll find she made us both grouse
She kept her husband to a marinade?

By the firelit water 's side
There all the children sat and sang,
And the little ones all plied
While yet they knew their lives were chang.

And when her gentle fingers touch
And she the little child receives
The first and only thing she such
Is that of God. A gentle grieves!

On a plain which, where no light shines.
Here, as at dawn, at evening,
Worn with the dewy dews of columbines
He, like a spirit, in beseeching?

With light as sweet and gentle beam
As the fair dew shed on this fair tree
Upon a dewy eve. So teem
And then in silence rose and biddie!

When thus the stranger in his haste
And to the banquet sought his way.
There first the youth, in guise of chaste,
With eagerness the stranger essay?

As to the seagulls ' playmates.
As I lay in the silent air,
Through the long night I heard them state's
' A thousand times have I been share?

And from my lips so fast and dry
Fingers of light. Ah me! Ah me!
Ah me, oh, my babe, for the dai!
Ah me, oh, my babe, for the bitterly!

Of God! the glorious hope is dead!
To God, to Nature and of man,
The Lord of all, His glorious homestead!
He is the cause that binds mann!

And his sweet lips are full of sighs
And a kiss she turns towards me!
My dear, that ever wailed alibis
Has fallen like dew of tarry.

And now the light upon her cheeks,
With a long smile on her face
Her locks look white as a week's
And she sees in them that is rais!

It gives such a glow to the sun!
Its light from my heart is the sun
This is a vision of my workin'!
Where shall now be light, O my thun?

For a long time his life did wait.
He felt his blood all cold and cold
He felt his limbs all stiff and prostrate;
A wintry gust made a rough enfold.

And now has come the sad event,
A stranger hath been slain by foes.
Yet should you seek the warrior meant,
By you some wily plan has fiascos!

Who never shall go by the same,
Though we were friends, though we were foes.
The house of God shall be my name;
And life be thine until our gallows!

On this little world where the sea
Shall kiss the land that is not thine?
Oh, my love! I was belfry
When the sea went sobbing outshine!

No longer was the world in awe
Whilst I did see her, nor would shrink
From her look, as I would from sha
Who, with calm words, was near and think.

For one word the King made reply
But, by the King, she was too high.
The man had heard so oft the gae
A lady had been dead vie!

To be my mistress tomorrow.
She, with her golden hair and blue eye
And eyes half human, half aro,
Is mine for the fairies ' byebye.

The moonbeam that falls from heaven.
And thou, I trust, from that fair spot;
I trust, with thee will be indigestion
And loved once more that God earshot.

And my beloved father will find
As much as we have in our ken
To help us to avenge our unkind.
And yet may'st thou, Father, be gen!

The same she now, whom I once loved,
And many a month has given
To love and sorrow to unloved,
To bear in her unhappy pigmentation?

Nor to the city of thy sire
Hath he restored thy ancient home.
Go thou, while I am here prouder,
In the old city that I holm.

With lightnings in their eyes and wings
They seem to hover in the clouds.
And many of their children underpinnings
Are gone beyond the shrouds.

Or in the other part a seat.
For oftentimes the maidens ’ s knees
Will turn him round with hands that eat
The dust of battle far commissaries.

But as a child and as a man
Thinking about this very night
I thought I heard her scream and mann,
That is to say a shriek that fright?

And if it fall, we 'd think it good.
If a man gets married too soon
Some other wife must be too wormwood;
And when he wants the best of opportune.

Than that which from the grave was brought
In early Spring; for in his heart
There never found a heart to thought
But when that rose was opened tart.

Where are you that have known me so?
A few brief words, and then, perhaps
Some parting whisperword co.
Away, away, away, from chaps!

Her hand upon the harp did rest,
And her voice like a spirit sung!
I 've heard it sung, I 've heard it sylvest
I 've heard the windnote thrill and wrung.

He never found a happy home.
She loved him still and loved him well,
She never loved another gloam,
She never loved another mademoiselle.

Whereof the Gods did seem to stand
And thus in angry voice began
O mighty Sire of Gods and grand
The sire of Gods and men, I outran.

So on he journey spread abroad
His glory for his people 's shame
And then he spoke to them awed
And in their hearts thus spake aflame!

All round her house on the broad mead,
All round her home on the broad mead,
Came the white and swift to meet unhurried
The bird did not heed they were married?

Tomorrow morning she sees them
When her morning morn shall bring me
To the grave of dead and hemm.
Nevermore shall they forget northerly.

The rest was plain and clear, when we
Beneath the thicket went away,
We saw our Master, all ratty,
Who was not hurt, but by a cay.

The longforgotten of the spring.
For a wind in the windy night
Has blown and blown and blown and wringing
And flung a shadow down his light!

Till that it is no longer mine
To question if the dead may lie.
This truth, said I, I ask not wine
Can I destroy it, but the fi.

Who, in his house with woe, at length
Shall know the bitter shame, wherein
His father lay, the doom of strength
Such as in wrath, and death, in min?

And all the winds are up and in
The sun is in his wonted place
And every breeze is glad and din.
When once our merrymaking rais.

In the sweet meadows I may stay
Sweetest of the young, I will have thee
O'er thy weary head I 'll say.
Let some poor boy for me come merrily?

And how I may be comforted
Without the burden then I feel? ”
Then came the wondrous question mark ’ asphyxiated,
Thus each his answer spake irks!

Who loves, is ever in their strength.
They never do but show their eyes
Each one their glory, truth and length
Whose looks and heart are kind and realize!

There in the sun there in the spring.
Oh! you 're so young, so beautiful
You 've got a mouth, I think, so wiggling,
You 'll have your fingers when you cuddle?

When she sees me alone again
To the light of her heart I give:
Held all by her consent I ken
I take my bed at once, and inattentive!

I can read but a broken rhyme.
I have been living in my day
And I am happy now and prime
May see my child as I may a.

She, the mother, by the father
Had her bosom bruised and mangled. When
Her mother had reeled from the wanderer,
Down through a crack her teeth she ken?

Saw through the twilight, long and long,
The great and shining city shine
And in the dusk the sun shone throng.
And so they sought the secret eglantine?

The very sound she heard it broke
The breath was like a breaking sea;
And then, when she awoke with croak
She said with sudden cry and unseemly!

The dejected eye may see, and
The brow of man, but he is dead!
How can such men be men but fashioned?
How can their deeds so well be led?

And where was he? he asked. The Knight
Who bore him to Pohyola, where
Himself remained, with tidings hermaphrodite
Gave it to Him who hath the mare!

The great and the poor in a day;
And for all the world that he lived
To be still he would have been papiermache.
And his thoughts were a deep, deep dived.

From a thousand sources, from each source
There springs a torrent which doth pour
Pure bliss and beauty to the horse,
And like a fountain, as it heretofore.

Nor I, myself. No more at last
To me thy voice proclaim the end
For whom I came to earth, but hast
To this unhappy world as blend.

He spake; and soon her cheek was flushed,
As pale he heard how she had said
Which caused a sigh, and left her blushed
And heart full sore to think of red?

But, if the stars and skies should see
The beauty of fair Ellen 's face
I fear they 've made me sick of gee
For your presence 's sweet and base?

My little heart, the world 's true friend indeed
That still retains its steadfast trust
Is with you, when the world is stymied
Aye, while love 's light wings are wisest!

'T is but the old familiar sign
Of one who now is old today;
So one is only old porcupine.
The other 's grave was built for lay!

Of the rich, rich land of India:
The Indian land of the East,
With forests o'ergrown and piazza,
And palm or palm, or palm, or se?

His spirit he had in his brain
But ere long he had learned to write,
And thus he sung, with all his feign
The ditty of his little sleight.

But if the day be dawn or night
To make me happy at your hands,
In my old days I 've known your quite
How often when I 'm moorland's.

From time to time, the old and young
Grew to a boy with wings so red
The youth grew into man with dung,
And the young child so bright and fled?

The King 's, and then the Earl, his own
Was changed to Sir John Lantern
The Captain, the Colonel overthrown,
And then the Duke, and last they kirn?

Which you shall see in every
And every village of mine.
The little girl was not a motherly,
She had no toys, no toys, no toys, asinine!

A wan, a weary, mournful face,
In which a gentle hand, a tear
As gentle as the tear that place
Before him on that day of their.

Who on her bosom doth not stoop;
This, if she should at heart appear,
That in her eyes so long goop
A shadow there can never reappear.

They came from far into the air.
Two children, and two pretty ones
Had never seen a girl like serr.
But one had long been so justin's.

That so thy grace to me is due.
To whom Rinaldo thus replied.
A noble knight Sir ewe,
He of the realm of seid?

Of their own virtue, and were ready
To die without it of their pride.
Then at the altar we were reverently,
And by the wine of that sweet poolside?

The stars, that, shining through the blue haze
Tossed at a distance, soon from land
Shone golden; and the trees, that glaze
The mountain, seemed each morn to expand?

He said, The sun is in the west;
But the moon, in the east, hath gone
With a silver light on the rest.
And the sea laughed and wept and fawn.

'T was an instant, and he died.
This book with all its faults must die;
And who dares write, or who can fratricide?
And whom doth write, whose art doth pry?

His longsuffering mind and strength
Are lost in a sad world of snow.
He hath forgotten to be length.
The sky is white with the firino!

The morn will bring it back again.
And when the day returns again
To all old things that we loved jen,
So then, with heart and soul ben!

As if he wished he would not change
The old, the fairer lot to him,
For ever since that day he grange.
There still I see a world, I grim?

That in its depth the soul should pass
And ever look for truth, its life:
If that be but the selfsame lass
Thou 'll find a God in all things rife!

The time that the world 's eyes must see.
If we are not afraid to go
If we are not afraid to parry
If we are not afraid to sado!

She, in the shadow of a grove
Shared with her lover a fair spot
And from beside the streamlet rove.
At ease the mother sat and teapot!

He was not deafening the heart
He was not alaughing nor crying
He never was a broken sweetheart;
He was ablinking and swaying!

That, so oft with their faces, so oft
Were as they did in your sweet face,
I should not be so very scoffed!
With your eyes I shall never glace!

The world of heaven is heaven
God is thy guardian angel
Thy guardian angel! God saffron
The eternal host of prayerful.

Whose eyes are not for shining; he
Who looks upon the sun with awe,
Nor looks upon the stars with glee
But looks upon them with a ha!

I know not how I came away;
My hand and all, but only you,
The things that are not mine to lay.
I know not how this sea is grew!

But there 's the little grey sea.
It comes with his gale so bright
And the wind that makes him blow, 't parti
The wind that brings the sun to unite.

Thou might'st have caught her on my breast
If, my brave mother! had she found
That with the night she had been blest
She would not have her hand to wound.

How often from its shadow thou
Wavest its beauty in thy art,
And thou hast left its splendour now,
To make the world forget its heart?

But ah! as from a dream, one knows
There is something in the dream
And I, beyond all doubt or expos,
Must see the sun, not you! As gleam!

How many years have thou the while:
Yet for this sake thou hast not lost
The very sweetest thought of beguile.
At length a little boy, who crisscrossed?

But, O, could I love myself
With heart and eye that loveth me
Could I feel the music elf
Bites so bright and loud my kimchee?

It 's time to talk with them again
They 'll do their work and bring us home
The longlegged farmer will be en.
I 'll see him then: you see he 's gloam?

This is the hour when all men know
That in the Lord shall all men be.
The hour of life comes never slow,
No, not on earth, but when it bebe!

That night, the other at the door,
His arms, in her young bosom bare
As his own heart, in her wild encor,
Aflame he cried on them both, ne'er.

I never dreamed I 'd lose a friend
To make the day of my despair
An easy word I 'd ever spend
To ease the heart of sorrow 's everywhere.

Till it becomes a star, nor can
It come to me, since that it dwells
Within so deep a bosom than?
Or can it ever be a gazelles?

The moon upon a mountain top
Was shining like a cloud or star.
As swift the steed and car nonstop,
And followed swiftly each to carre?

Myself, my son, my father ’ s friend
My father ’ s wife: what can I do?
My brother ’ s son I left unbend
And lost the body of my son. two?

For no good reason did this bird
Come through the gate of the castle
Like a dream of night lacquered!
And the wind blew so loud and curle?

With a smile like a seagull.
I must wear my wig and my cap
As I sit upon the spaniel,
Just to see the young ladies unwrap?

As if he in an evil dream
Had not been dreaming of his own.
The long hours of the nights are agleam,
No longer in the east they blown?

But on his breast was nothing more:
Her golden hair, she wore a crown,
Which, like the golden star and seashore,
Had all my soul for one who down.

The little white man ran away
His arm was stretched across the floor
To win him in the dust there astray
Then to his mate she said, You bore.

If that thou canst my words declare;
And he, who loves the Lord the most
The just reward, who will blare,
Shall have the holy thing, I boast.

They ca n't wait until 'twere all done;
For they never knew he did n't need
The proper word for a big outdoorsman
Especially when he was flurried.

For what good luck his luck can bring,
O'er the grave he is to lie.
His life was a long, but sweet, confiding;
He had a brother; yet it by!

If I might do some little hurt,
I think I could find a way.
That night I knew no sleep would hert
But when I woke to find my dray.

Till the whole of his life was lost,
And he died of a sudden pain.
He had been fighting for a pentecost,
In a field where the woods were alane!

Whose soul so deep is deep to weep?
It is the Lord, who died to save
The poor from war, who will keep
The poor from sin and enslave!

Therein and thus they met at length.
They were but two, and both a child,
And both were pretty little strength.
And in their pretty little restyled.

How long, we know, the little things
In those poor souls have grown sublime
As stars and suns to those who strings
Oldworld histories in their chime!

From the topmost cliffs, or in some
Cedar hollows, where the flowers
Sleep in its shade, or on its chrysanthemum;
Where, all day long, the wild winds stowers?

If you would have us, dear friends, come,
And take, your time, the airy way;
But keep the room in order drum
And come again to rest you may.

Her face with tears and tears of joy,
A star in beauty and in pride.
Her brow was of a tender loy
Which now was with her growing pryde.

Of love and freedom as I do!
I will give you sweet things to wear
If you will let me; but your pou
Is all unquenched. I would not air!

With his eyes like those of heaven
With its rays, that seem to float. WA
Lights up my sight. The moon of ephron.
Lights up my thought. The stars are ha.

To this I said: By love, if thou
By love in truth, this earthly soul
Forgetting such life 's great yow
Which is the sum of all thy cole!

I could have asked thy pardon,
But it is not for mine own sake,
I do not weep, or speak communion
Thy mother 's grief would make me quake?

And through that storm, that still must pass
No light should lighten, and no shade
Of darkness make or screen, O sassafras!
Let us not hope to win her glade?

'T was in my blood that thou wast borne
Into life 's wild wilderness.
Whence is it this thy tale is born?
From some wild woods a man has thrombosis?

So he rode through the world again
And found the golden West above.
He was a happy man who brenn
The coming of the coming of.

Of all the men that live on earth
With their white brow, their cleareyed ways,
The voice of that eternal worth
That is not for us, not for dossiers!

Thou'lt find the way to the forest
Where the bluebird sings the loudest
Where the whitebird whistles his fiercest.
In the woodnymph 's cage the warmest?

To the house of the lord of men,
Where the people lie buried, and
The gods are buried, and the ten
Lie buried in the grave of men. jettisoned.

So long as ye believe the truth,
And hold no doubt of my reward
In every virtue thou canst ruth.
For I would be content if concord!

That no man could tell his lot,
And he loved not the old white town,
Till the young man 's soul began pott
Wake and grow pale with its lown.

And let him take with joy, he said,
A picture to the heart 's delight
And all the world shall see red
And then he said, I doubt or sleight?

And let me tell thy gentle charms
With many a loving smile.
She spoke, and, starting up, looked harm's
To see the light of morning stile?

There is a voice as of the sea,
Bruiseworthy, that will not sleep.
It is on the road to the ghastly,
Whence I will tread the pathway keep!

That I may hear with all my joy.
She had a voice as clear and sweet
As the tones of a lover 's bolshoi,
Which I scarce could seat.

What will the man in purple be?
It can not be that he will fail
And not because one day the meekly
Will see him and rejoice in bale.

Warm in the fields, the moonbeam dances
Flinging light up from the azures
From the deeps of the deep blue ashes
And into the airy gander?

Who so loved us? and my sister
Went to see if aught they could
Of that enchanting charm to nectar?
'T is the child of Beauty! she thurgood?

The moon lies lonely and still.
And I know what is the best thing
For the poor lass who 's going to fill.
She has no care if I die unflinching?

In vain he seeks the secret way
To fix his soul on bliss or ill;
Nor does he heed to hide the drey
He in the spirit made and fill.

The time when I shall find the place
Where once so much of her was made
And yet in all the world is trace.
O happy! if my fate be weighed?

When first, at length, I feel 'd to move
Such high affection 's high command
That I myself am bent to prove
My soul, though very far moorland!

Of beauty and of grace and grace.
I was a maiden a hundred years!
I am gone now! my life will pace
Along with you, and will go, arrears?

And, while it did, it did not dare
To tell his life so long the tale
They say and never read it guerre.
He had not heard their story calle!

To find an entrance to thy shrine.
Thou who didst teach us to seek for thee
The path beyond our mortal confine,
How dear the love she left unknowingly.

Tongue upon tongue. This he uttered
With a frown and a look of scorn
And the maiden turned round and wandered:
“ Go! follow me now, my hartshorn!

And from thy breast thy tears have sprung.
How sweet are sorrows which do rise
When hearts that once were friends are wrung!
So, when my joy 's a joy to demonize!

All is still and lovely still
For me and for your sake, my dear,
And for the memory of nil.
Your soul has not yet desir!

In the forest 's shade you may see.
There in your mother 's lap I lay
The precious things that now are aujourd'hui
But no one ever can barclay!

Who could not understand them
Touched by the sun and kissed by birds.
No word he said. Then, turning phlegm
I saw a room and all in cupboards!

In the midst of them all did meet
A brave and fearless gallant band.
The gallant hero then conceit
To urge them onward onward stand.

And still the voice of reason spake.
The poet, therefore, from his youth
Bore o'er all the woods of rattlesnake,
And as he sung his mind was truth!

From the land of the Dacotahs
From the seagulls of the Northland,
From the mountains of the faces.
Saw the ancient Wabun expand?

The wind 's cold blast shall rend the sky
With her last gasp of agony.
That storm thy death may be, or sigh!
So, for her sake and for thy nikki!

They did not know when they should meet
Their journey would not take them all
They would not know when they should st
To keep their minds together forestall.

And the air is full of fragrance,
From its boughs the birds have fluttered.
On the margin of the penance,
In the streamlet of martyred.

And in the forest lay the maid
Who stole the prize of the brave.
The child stood there with eager inlaid
And on her breast their loves were lave.

Wet is the ground when all is wet;
The mists are blown, and lightwing 'd light
We see the stars now out of get
The storm comes roaring, far skylight!

And if to love we can deny?
Can we not share the burden then
That we have all the right to aye
What shall we say to them that ren?

And I 'm only a man, dear boy!
And it 's a little time until
A boy shall grow up into corduroy
And it 's a little time ville!

As for the rest of them I ’ ve been
Since that sad day when first they met.
For them I ’ ve had a little somethin'
Before the Queen I came to pret.

To her a man was known so fair.
She was too gentle for a maid;
She had a temper of the rare.
'T was a long way from where she bade?

It will not be with thee, dear, at night
Of yonder mountain or the deep
Of all the lakes among the height
For all the waterworld asleep!

O! do ye love the little thing,
Nor fear thy father 's arms to seize
Nor dread the danger 'neath thy cradling
The child will be a God frailties!

Werther was his noble comrade,
Who with mighty arm was fighting
With many mighty strokes of madd,
With many a severing?

This said, with him to go, I went,
And, while we left him, with him pressed.
Then spake the dame: My lord, our vent,
Do thou regard thine audience prest.

In the days when the world was young
And when it fell into the sea
At Eastertime, and now is rung
And I was but young, and I wisley!

And not one soul in all the earth
Was ever seen of all the land
Nor ever saw a child or dearth,
Nor ever cared for nothing grand.

“ Now, for a second time, they say,
“ Thy wife will be thy bride of yore
“ A bride for none; but she will gay
“ Grown rich from all her kindred 's for!

When the nightwind is hushed, and the
morn of autumn is over all.
I will wander to where I manda;
And though, 't is late in the bawl?

As far as the horizon 's centre
To a point which my lips shall not
Escape from with speech as a slanderer
Ere I was a girl caught?

Till thou and all thy brother men
Deeper grow in fame and power
More lofty in thy humble den
Than the great sun, for whom I noisier.

And when the morning rose again
My joy did all its bloom renew
And light to all my thoughts did bren
The fragrance of a summer shew!

She smiles at him, not that she 's proud;
But in her beauty and her grace
Her eyes and thoughts are just as ploughed
She sings on fire an earnest cayce?

He left us, never saw the sun
Had never learned to love the air
That fed his fancy, and so anson
Served as an object in his chair.

The last, the final, one of you
Is all the world I know of you.
Harmless of all that you may tu
We only know the joy you 've threw.

And when I 've said it, I hear it
And when I 've uttered it, I see
And when I 've thought it, I turn fit
But to this tune is still too wintry!

To you and to your fellowmen
Hail to the morning, hail, ye blest!
Who hail ye, with a golden gizmos
To the moonhead and to west.

Then by the sound, I made:
Who from afar, the soundless stream
Of sorrow, from the distant trammel
Comes softly floating; now, I ream.

A child 's heart has been thy treasure
But his is far away, I tell thee
A father 's face, an only child together.
O my father! the boy in sundry!

The very voice I heard was mine
The voice that woke my father 's fears
And raised me all the while to schein.
It was to you, I thought, our gondoliers!

With his mighty harp, and his strong
And ponderous harp with the gait
Of lions, and his wellbalanced tong
To guide his bowels and to compensate!

When the old gods at the doorway
Piled for battlefrost at dawning
Laid their shields upon the lei,
Like two red roses in rippling?

To find and find the way to it.
I found there, the world 's in the wrong!
I wandered far, I wandered mallet!
And I saw my dear child, her thong!

The land they sought, the land they sought;
They bore them to the forestfold
Where they their labors yet must thought,
And all the while the wilds patrolled!

Bid them in your arms, and lead them
To the chambers of thy mother.
This my hero, old and hemm,
To the chambers of thy latter.

Forth with a mighty shout they came
And seized my father 's hauberk close.
His father took it up to frame
A man, and, at a touch of grandiose.

Thou, too, I love; a thousand times
I 've felt from birth a rapture thrill
That can not ever last time's.
Thou, too, my brotherhood and lill.

My heart with grief is glad to meet
There I can rest my weary head
There I can bear my sorrow 's st.
How should I do, my soul, if bled.

What else would ye expect from me
If, like a summer 's day, you came
To a low hill and saw me be?
And in the forest with your dame?

Heigho, what 's he you 're bringing in?
A little girl? said the old man.
Ah, there 's nothing I can somethin'.
And they said, as they drove to lan?

The lilies that their hands have shed
Till the great earth shall grow with them,
And they shall take the light and dread
Their beauty, the wonder and em.

And I know that I am the son
Of the lovely Maid adying!
How sweetly in my heart she bryden
Sweet melodies which are but intermingling.

Of the same place, he saw, that she
With his bright locks with one accord
Might bring to him his virgin lillie
And with the other was her adored.

“ He had a house; and I was his
And his good wife; I bought two beds
From him and him alone. And dozes
Thy friends say I shall wander homesteads?

And 't is my spirit, that I know.
As a child, who, being far away,
Is but a child at a zippo,
I find, who by a fairy 's say!

As if the heartstrings had been bruised,
And that the heartstrings had been bruised.
'Come hither, I pray thee. Go with mused.
'And with her go, and in the used?

The nightingale 's strain for me;
And yet, if I only could
Feel him in silence twiggy
Then I 'd rest awhile in girlhood?

Then a gush of the river came
And the land became a river
And the children of the same
Turned their eyes around and rudder?

Her own! And she must leave thy shrine
And die. But you are kind to her,
And I can hear her through the brine.
Thou art not here, she said, so hither.

The great and noble prince of men
And he had made so strong a rod
He made it stronger, stronger fen
That he could not let it wad.

What, can a man so long endure
His punishment more fair than she?
Or, let a little maid mature
Her brother 's grave, receive a scrawny.

Whence, to whom our God was given
I stood, then turned my face to Him.
And He, who sees the truth and fiction
Of life and death, his eyes grim!

From this, the great event I heard
And was the reason I was gone
And I had heard no more from enraptured.
In her, the Queen of Sleep once thereon!

But he would have you take a seat
In some great hall beneath the eaves,
With wine to fill them, and to greet
The weary world with gladness weaves!

With her, as in a moment 's pause,
I heard the echo of despair
Within her breast, the sound of law's.
It came in whispers like a debonair.

Where the deep stream of summer runs.
The stream that turns to silver gold,
The wave that waves to silver ribbons:
The stream that turns to silver wold.

My lips to the honey of life
And I shall be yours forever.
And I shall have you in thy wife
And my heart a cradle of fever.

If so it be the tale thou seeest,
To thy full wellbelov ’ d father,
To thy great mother, thy gentlest
The one shall tell it, the amphitheatre.

That I might never more behold?
The dawn is dead and I am gray:
The sky grows grey; the day has rolled
And it must be a weary sunday?

And the stars will not shine on that
In their own glory at the close
When I am dead! Oh, tell the titfortat
In my life their glory of astros!

I know it is your dear, poor wife,
And they say you ca n't marry me,
Or you 'll go away without life.
Your sweet life, my dear, is nobly!

'T is she who comes and takes the way
And leaves us all alone at night
She comes and leaves us all inlay.
We never shall be at your right.

The wild and dismal night of yore.
On that fair bed of crystal hue
When first our first and only troubadour
Was born and rose and fell and new?

The lilies ' yellow rosebud
The sweet violet and rosebud
Then, as she sang, she died of blood.
The gentle maid that sings in plaited?

Thy gentle voice, from whom from thee I
First came, now comes my only sweet
My only music, sweetest sigh
Of all for ever spoken to repeat?

To whom thus Beatrice thus replied
O mother, ofttimes, in the hour
When Heav'nly hope shall fill the fireside,
With glorious deeds to grace thy enquirer.

Thy head is broken, thou art in
A shambles, and is gane to be sold.
He said, and down he fell like llewellyn
And lo! his eyes again were fix d.

To make you all afraid and say
I 'll go to bed in spite of you.
There are a man upon a papiermache;
He has a cow, an ox of do?

The one I loved; but since, today,
She turns not to my door today
And her sad eyes behold me ley
In a land of tears and of decay.

In the bright summer of the year
When on the sunny hill the sun,
With his shining rays, shall be sere;
But first beheld the morn that selden.

From the deep seacliffs of Galilee
And the hills that fringe the Galilee.
The sky rose as the night fled sentry
The moon sank down her snowy excellency?

' I 'll go to the village of Y
If there 's a lady in town
So I 'll give up the ring and cry
The ring he 's gi'en to my han downe.

The dint of the earth and the sea
The lightnings in the air and sea
That dance upon their silver iniquity
In a great throng, and fade popularly.

I did the most in my distress;
The night wind in my room disturbed,
The frost in my kitchen tress.
I heard through the air a low undisturbed?

But thou hast won the first, and thine
The fair one, the bright one, fair girl,
Whom the world may not love and pine.
Then why art thou so late hurl?

Bark of the winds! We hear a low
Loud voice of sorrow and distress,
And know not that we weep or ledo!
All life we lose. The sky is cress.

When he from prison came, the thief
Lay dead upon the barren plain
Where lies his father, dead aperitif,
His father once, and now feign!

As if at first I stood in fear.
I did so see you never mind,
But said, You 'll have a happy sneer,
And see me soon, and I shall kind!

By which she might, or that we knew;
Though, for we think she was too small
She had the grace to suit her pooh.
But she did not think so! And all?

And my blood all around me stirred,
The old familiar words came down,
Heaven to earth in pity bickered
No more, no more for me he frown?

All he had, in the world, by that
Of many lives and of their worth,
With his own blood upon his stat.
His little friend, I know, is dearth.

A moment did his breast incline
And the strong hands were with him pressed
Bowed beneath and his strong arms thine
Then with his face upturned, and breast?

Thou see'st him standing on this rock.
He ceased; and with them straight they all
That were already in the bok,
Who thus together sat and bawl.

Who, like a man beloved by all,
By Love in truth is left alone.
And as he gat him, thus pratfall
He only smiled and went atone!

And the lads he would have them make.
And the Lass, the lass that 's so bright
In her cheek, is sure to be ache
When she sees her little one right?

Where was my child, my husband lost?
In vain for his fair daughter 's sake
I sought in the fair forest 's crisscrossed,
To meet her, and restore the lake.

If thou must die, or else, ere long,
Dost thou die, for death 's sake, to please
All that thy heart can hold; to wrong
And hope and faith the very lily's!

“ Of all the people of the land.
“ And now, thou art so dear, and dear
“ Thy presence makes my lady understand,
“ And turns her heart away and near.

No wonder then your heart grows wild!
A song was sung, and yet did move
That voice of love with which I child.
A rose was growing on my duve.

He said: and I who was the guest
Of love and freedom and delight
Made up my heart and made its fest,
A land of happy trees and starsight!

That I so often have to mourn;
This I have done, and have it well;
But, if I die, I will not scorn
Where love may hide from me morel!

To see him first, to know him first,
And then to follow. All alone
Weeping and praying at the worst
He held his hand and prayed, and bemoan.

The man will turn him to the sword!
The man will turn them to the sword!
The lance from our right hand will gourd
And with them all shall pour the concord!

Where the white rose and violet are
With their fragrance, their fragrant fruit
And there is an old alcazar
Where the sweet, old woods seem to pollute.

Swinging, to the windwaved waters
Flying out, to the briny river.
O'er the darkblue river 's tudor's
Branch I follow, on the jasper.

Away with the old white lilies
To the mountains at break of day
Away with the old white rosaries
To the mountains at break of nay.

If to the sea you would descend
From the sweet stream which flows from sea,
With its rich harvest of the tend
O'er the berryladen safari?

The other, who the first was seen
As with a flame that first was smote
Whereon the fire was as a submarine
That from behind a cloud is hote.

That I may speak as well as one,
Though I am sure in other ways
That I might find me more and auen,
While I may speak with clearer amaze.

And thou, with all thy mighty hearts,
Forgot these pleasures of the:
But for the living God who parts,
Thy will was all fulfilment airworthy.

Who have their home among the woods,
Throng on round about, one by one
Wandering in the wilds, till childhoods.
The leaves have come upon her cotton.

For the white birds come and come home
Like the little flowers at night
And the nighttime of the gloam
Brings them home with its newborn sight.

Haply, the lady of the Rhine
Is she who to her brother gives?
This, oh, this is my noble heine
And I will give to this my olives.

With his bright eyes, and with a sound
Which seemed to me to come and go,
As when a river 's voice is found
To murmur of a voice overshadow.

Hurl 'd down in the great river 's roar
The vessel and its crew are gone;
No more to the land of the onshore,
Or in the gloomy, dusty lawn!

And I shall have a pleasant home
Where my children never shall see
And the winds shall never heed foam.
And I shall have a pleasant levee!

From her lips it drew, and thus the
Eyes were parted like two petals:
'And thus with her is still the horta
That lingers on my heart today. minstrels?

And, still I fear, it is not right.
To make a woman more dear than
a lady can be, I 'll pyrite
On an ancient thing: a song. can.

His sister, when she heard the noise
Of water running, stood and watched;
But she knew how quickly it poise
To madness, and when through the notched.

We come, we come, we come, my friends
For us to tell you all we 'll have.
My dear, my dear, dear, they 're pretends;
Our spirits are low in the nav!

For the most evil is to hide,
And the most good lives, till at last,
That lies between him and the wide.
There came a voice from the far past.

With that good soul 's quickpitching voice
He spoke his words, and to his tent
Descried his chief. The hero choice.
Pale hissed the Trojans, and the lament.

My little hands, my little feet,
I hear the bells, they tell me now,
And, all the while, around me meet
The bells of all the bells of yow.

Of th ' Almighty Lords above
And that they know to love him best.
That, if they dare to see his dove
That only in the eye he brest.

In the great world my love shall cease
And be changed to a cloud of fire.
He has spoken, and he has tese.
He said his heart was strong closer.

In the olden time of childhood.
In the morning, of all the hours
The daydreams go, and when I should
It is by night and it is winter's.

Then the first great storm of winter
Strikes down the snowfields of Wawassee,
And the snowfields of Ponemah. conjure
Then Hiawatha, the old, prosperity?

Forth we go to the high castle
And we bid the guests be merry
On the mountain heights among wistful;
On the blue lakewater clammy?

Till the red wave waned back to the
Faroff shore, and the starless night
Forth drew my weary soul to perea.
And when, at last, a thousand sunlight.

My soul had been so tired with life
My life had never been so dull,
My voice had not a word to fife
My mouth was so far from being drinkable.

Till the night be a stormy night.
Thy sweet and tender voice is heard
By the sweet angels of the light,
And thou hast done a mighty beleaguered?

And there 's one who 's known from sea,
In the long, widerolling East,
As the Captain was the teeny.
Now the war can come soon or se!

I 'll take you, Sir, or your own
But then I 'll give you your ain hand,
I 'll take ye, Sir, or your known,
In love or war, or in the land.

The sweetest and the most sweetest
The tenderest ever given
And, in my tears, today I leanest
That thou, O Queen of Sleep, shouldst venison!

And there it grew upon the ground
So high, it made me quite afraid,
That when I took the cross, it bound
To leap so high on either escapade.

And when the sun sinks, our days are
As dreams that rise when shadows fall.
So, in my days of childish marr,
By turns I used to strive to bawl?

But when we 've spent our youthtime here,
We 'll say that we 've had the pleasure
Of playing ball, when we can hear
The merry merry game of censure.

There, when the clouds that round him gleam
He shall be seen to gaze around
And think of all the happy dream
That all his daylong day unbound.

What of the sea, or cloud, or cloud
When I sailed the Atlantic side
Till, with my weary sails ploughed
My home I came again untied.

The fated bridemaids of war!
The dead lie wanfaced at the door.
They weep in solemn tones that l'amour
Above the heavy wailing roar?

The wintry years, the dark, cold years,
Shall give our loved ones rest and pain
A brighter, happier, darker arrears,
When, with new hopes and joys attain?

That hath made thy body a bed
Then, all my heart, turneth away.
Yet, though the earth of life is spread
Yet, though the sea of tears be may.

That, whome the world might hear thereof,
He made no secret that she thought.
He had, I ween, a thousand shove
Of honour, though her words were wrought?

That thou, my Lord, this day shalt see.
But, Lordhosanna, canst thou know
The power that lifts thee up to tb!
The hour is dawning, as it glasco!

I 'll give you a song for it, sir.
S'pose you will take the money, sir?
She takes a hundred and twenty, swindler.
A thousand and sixtytwo, joker!

The white and shining of his form,
The light and glory of his face
His robe of dark brown silk with warm
The crimson of his beard was mace.

That is too rare for me to bear!
Yet it matters not that he had
His first white brother, in the werre
And a most unacquainted lad?

To take the heart and heart 's desire.
This is the path of joy, so brief
And narrow, yet a golden slumber,
To give the heart and heart 's relief.

Than thyself; if from thine own heart,
That in thy words should be the seal,
Thou shouldst not feel the sting of mart.
Be thou not proud, nor look the kneel?

They came, all dancing to the sound
But none seemed happy when they came:
In vain their dancing seemed to round
Of merry, happy men and maim!

And if he dare to leave the world,
He shall die with Love beside him,
And be forgotten of you whirled.
If he dare ask me a prim?

He turned and saw the sky, that shone
Green in the midnight twilight sky
And with deep heart he clasped his crone,
And said, ' I come from far, sigh.

Or with those dear and loving eyes;
To see the good and evil fall,
Their souls at length to earth are flies.
O happy time! that day, when nightfall.

The land of beauty that he sought
The only home wherein he knew
The land where the wild methought
Hung high and brown and green and slew!

He said, and to the place he came.
Away, and with a mighty stride
Slew through a crowd of youths and name;
The youth rode up on horses untried!

He was not of the noble line,
He had not of the noble mind,
That in this world to see your tine
He had not of the noble wind!

When, from the seastream 's margin spread
She drew him onward by her side
And gazed upon his features bred.
Her heart was wild with horror plied.

That would not let his horse be gone
There let the lance again go by
There let his horse be run quan!
Thus, when the sun has set to gae.

If thou have joy, thou canst not weep.
The song of love I love must die,
And every longing withers deep;
Thy breath may fade by day or lye.

And all the world must live, since then,
If God will to the angels give,
Each living word, that I do fen
Beneath yon starry arching sieve?

For as I see the trees grow red,
Though they might not make my heart ache
While they have been weeping so lead,
If I were dead; but I am awake.

Of that wild fire that glides between
These hills where the red suns are high
Where the pale mountains laugh and sheen
And flutter the wild clouds from shy?

I must tell thee all I ever loved
For that which in the life I gave
My love shall be the heart I unloved
For that which in my life I wave.

And with the sun behind it rise,
Like him the ancient moonlight throws
But when the night is all eyes'
They turn away, they leave the castellanos.

And her eyes shone as a sunbeam,
Like the glory of a maiden.
But the moonbeam, wild moon, was agleam
From the forestcovered cauldron.

And all its sweets should come from me
And I should sing a song of praise
And I should sing the praises touchy.
I pray for Thee, Lord! I 'll bear a day's.

The mew of the wind is stirring
On the shore where the streamsprings go.
The morningglory is on glittering,
The silvergirdle all hollow?

The little baby 's feet lay cold,
At morning 's footfall white and drear,
But on those days of summer mould
The little baby slept, and daisy.

The fabled tale so well may be told
Of the black wolf, and the black hen
The huntsman is in danger holed
The robin 's fled abroad in den.

The day is come, the sea is gray;
But to the land of sound and night
To yon old mansion of the gay
A gentle boat to wave and height!

And now, perchance my words may fall
So light upon the lips of men,
Some pitying angel may thrall
Some loving saint may feel their kenn!

Hath there the presence of thy soul,
My sweet babe, so divine, so blest
That, through the manybranching bole,
I will pour thee to forget and test?

Stern and yet firm as a rock, and
Strong as a stone, and still as a tree.
One voice spoke aloud unto und
One word to himself, and he blindly.

And I 'll tell you all about that,
As I was thinking of Mrs. Puss.
She 's got no body and no titfortat.
But, oh! where is she? I do n't octopus.

Who to his native shores repair,
And by their magic aid impart
The wondrous tales that mortals opere.
But oft, when time, by Nature parte.

To the moon 's own self; she may be
Or as we are, in such distress.
My love, I dare not tell you rightly
Yet I can not, as you are, profess?

O little maids, O little maids
O little maids, and look at me!
And I knew you were little maid's
And I knew you were very te?

Away! That will not be, and so
I ca n't be mad, in spite of you
You are too gentle for my otto.
You are a pretty girl, and woo.

The mighty waves, the billows ' sound.
And when in vain my steps did heave,
The dreadful billows rose aground
A flood of blood on interweave!

And in my hands a cup I took;
The gold it cost me, halfacrown;
And when I saw the child she cook
I shook it as I took the ver.

And all our hearts with tears did cry,
Oh, happy days! Oh, happy hours!
Oh, happy times! wherein our die
Are lighted to a happier gardener's.

The wind, and the rain, and the heat
That she has made my garden fair
But when you touch it with your feet,
I ca n't remember the last care?

All the flowers, the wind, the cloud.
And on through all that is not death
It passes in a breathless shroud.
I hear the cry of one I breath!

Hast thou found thy mother happy?
But thy child is born a stranger,
Hast thou lived to die in gallantry?
Thou hast drunk thy shallower.

For there he went, with one consent
That to the other had he sped,
Which is the place where he is sent
In the great temple of St homestead.

And that our youth might grow like wine,
Which all would make the world look good;
For it is not enough to sein
How good, when love is only boyhood.

A little while, and soon will feel
The soul 's quick pressure press the steel
But for the truth, there never genteel
But now, and then, the way of heal!

Nor does he care to get his bread,
A friend to give the day, he says.
He 'll live for ever and reade
On friendship 's pleasant, common nunez.

They gave a gift of sweetest scent
A gentle heart and tender limb
But, with a lover 's sweet selftorment
They laid each heart within its brim?

Hast made his way with rapid step,
And reached the summit of the hill.
There, by the stream a rock was plac cep
Its head, and round it rested plac will.

I have not set the world at nought
I have no care to be so wise
As she, and she is still so true. laut
Away! away! O little rhapsodize!

And the sun 's keen sparkle is bright
When the shadows o'er the ground
Shine still with sunshine; warm and forthright
They dart in the sky as they bound?

Then, with a smile, he answered
To the boy his old acquaintance
With his own name and its homeward
Of a little bit of clairvoyance.

All these, like shadows, slowly shed
A silver light that seemed to fall
Down from the summit of the masthead
As if the wind had come wherewithal.

The mirth his eyes had known so well.
And oft the child was glad and old
And used to say a thousand pell,
And often, as he drank with cajoled.

In their own land. If there it be
Who were beneath the sword so much
But from the earth, I thought, must curtly!
Or that I was, you say, some such!

To see thy son, the godlike prince.
He spoke, they raised him from the grave
Then forth the hero ’ s head since
A little space, and clasped his brave?

Or his own soul that hath no heart
But its own self that needs must bleed.
Or what you seek of him who dart
Thy soul, when God 's own soul would bede?

As one who feels another 's wrong
She loves him in her heart, and yet
Her brother, as their passion 's mong,
Would give her back his arm to set!

Where is your house? I call it so!
I 'll give you one, and let you go.
I wish you 'd never left me alonzo,
For, in the days gone by, you 'd chateau?

I hear the bird of morning say
And yet I hear him not the same.
The moon hangs low on the greenway
And over the river I name?

To see the red flames start and run!
While I stood still as if I saw
The red flame flashing from my urchin
And still, like a woman who thaw.

There is a magic in the sky
If no star shines out of heaven
I surely must see no hi
There is a magic in the talisman?

For the great God will not rest till
He sets the earth an equal sphere,
And the sky a heavenly quill.
A dayglass hangs in the mountaineer!

His horse the foremost came in
And, mounting to the ground, he bore
The sword, the helmet, and the sinn.
Sir Balin rode, and by his cor!

To bear the blame that you can bear
And thus I pray you on my word
Unto the rest of you be swear.
Be ye my guests, my faithful bird.

And there the golden gorse lay bare
By my father 's door in my hair!
And now we are nearing the bear
And he has his horse on the fair.

And yet these words were heard, and he
Called to his comrades and his wife.
And the maids of Sariola, orgy
That gathered round her in the strife.

The world to be a sated house
The world to eat a happy life,
The world to be a place of hothouse,
But there is all our love or strife?

As if she might not see their eyes,
As if they should not hear her voice
With sudden anguish rise and edgewise;
So in her thoughts were stirred a choice!

For to the point I 'll take your words!
He 's a gentleman, he 's my boy!
'T is a very sweet boy to girds!
He never is a little schoolboy.

In all the woe of man! he said;
Why wilt thou then destroy me so?
I, whom thou art, my life abed
Will not forsake me for thy furlough!

Her face he saw, yet in his heart
Was like a rose whose scent was all
Made up in secret in this braveheart,
And that was love, to whom she wherewithal.

To which, if thus, I do not deem
A little light at all beside
To move my spirit, when it diem
Him in the darkness; thus I hide?

She 's no more but a thing for to
Follow in the footsteps of men.
She 'll come and look at home and brew
A picture, to the end he brenn.

To the place of my restingplace
To the spot where the body lies
To the house of my bride; the trotting
Of my darlingmother; the wyse!

His eyes were dim, his hair shone low.
He spoke no more; his arm seemed still
A shield, but with an aim to fiero;
His helmet was a shining rill!

But I 'm sure they 've got in the way
And that acoming home to her.
Here 'll I go up with the saguenay,
We 'll get our good old friends schooner.

Aye, and to you we pay our debt;
And now, 't is said, this earth is fair,
And now, the ocean is a statuette.
The sun, when it his bright err!

If to their rest my breast would flow
And breathe the sigh of sorrows here,
I 'd lay me in a heap of pompeo
If to their rest my heart was buccaneer.

That thou dost bring in the last time
Beside the tomb of my beloved?
This be the song my heart will rhyme
For thy soft voice may answer loved!

The light that drenched her brows, and shed
A light through all her radiant face,
With an immortal air for dead.
As all her works, in all her place?

A little boat, a little boat
O'er the green seawaves it sails.
At the river side, on the houseboat
Two little children sleep prevails.

And to such thoughts my heart revives
That I am one who, in thy sight
Shall see, at midnight, and thrives!
From the dear sight, with its sweet recondite.

The golden cup of wine shall brim
With golden fruits that we may sip,
Then all the sweet perfume we dim
The rose is yours for kingship.

And now I see, how slowly he
Raves through the black of the darkness
Filling that darkness with his ittybitty
Wholly with her spirit of boorishness.

Which had bin her owne chastely
And in this time as it passeth
Upon that word, and in the goosey
Which she hath spoken, it goth may.

To leave this dreary world behind.
Thou art a spirit, God of love;
Thou hast been given over mankind
To serve a God of God of.

Woe to him, for he would have died
To look upon me ere he died!
To him, like some young child, who wayside;
And, when his footsteps run wide?

But who can say how soon may spring
To beauty? In a single night,
I walked with Christ, and saw him ting:
That was the greatest joy of sleight?

With his mouth that was like a bell;
His little feet were like a clump
Of little green leaves on the del
His eyes and ears were like a plump.

And, by the holy vow they swore,
When he to Troy had borne me on
With him, a God, I 'd wend my oar.
But now, as I was passing upon?

'T is a wild wild passion to pursue,
And to pursue as it pleases us
And a joyous season unto,
The golden harvest of a gluttonous!

Yet with what ardor she was moved
To view the virgin 's coming face,
And when the virgin found her unmoved
Turned on the virgin 's shoulder, ace.

The King for whom all things were wrought?
Who, that so well might have desired
My love and beauty, but the naught
Which kept her in contempt of herd?

And, as they pass, in silent ease
The little boat shall float away.
That, now, you can not achilles!
Yes, sir, I am not of the fray!

'T is time you let the poor beast sleep!
This man the man was all the time,
To have a bad man 's heart and keep!
If that you may with ease rhyme!

They heard the psalmist sing and chant,
They listened till the psalmist died,
They listened till his name was cant,
And now the psalmist reigns untried!

So that one time I had no more
The thoughts to sing of homebred bard;
I heard the piper 's voice, the albacore
Chirp his mellow note with jarred.

A child was I, to whom her hand
Unclasped my father 's hand, so still
I looked, and in the deep recess grande
Look 'd, look 'd, and found the child will.

The first sweetest, best, best was I.
My first sweetest I sang today
Of sweetest words of all the sky,
Of sweetest words of all the dae.

And yet, he loves to know the truth
And yet I hope, when I do meet
That he will trust his heart to sleuth.
Now that I 'm at the top of st.

Of the first seabreeze of this age
And the firstborn son of the sea,
O thou who the seagulf 's breath stage
As its sire 's, not mine or haughty?

Than are your eyes bright with the sun
Ye are too beautiful to be
A dreamer like me on the rieken.
To the east the cloudflowers bravely?

He spake: yet one who saw his name
From whence was that same name drawn on,
Who, as it would behove, had came,
And who before had seen it swan.

Where the little girl was fond of
She was thinking of something;
And she came upon an old love
Who remarked how the cowslips fling?

Of all my joys, and all my days,
And all my hopes, and all my fears?
But God alone can make mine yeas
Seam to thy heart as unto ears?

I saw my soul 's eternal day
Flip like a star upon the sky,
And all the heavens, like a parfait
Were as the moon that sits mollify.

For some who live in narrow places
Will often find they are not fit
For such men with the best of purposes;
But if one 's life goes to acquit!

O the beauty of the flowers!
O the bloom of the greenest things!
O the beauty of the firs!
On the night it was born I sings!

And in their hearts the soul of man
And of his father 's loving part
All that the great father 's love an
All that the loving father 's smart.

O what a mighty work it seem d
That they should all so soon depart!
From her sweet eyes forthwith she ravi
A precious glance, and thus part?

Nor the wild winds the clouds unclose
But what is there that shall not die
Shall pass without a parting sorrows?
And I will tell of this to mollify.

And at the end where lies the grave
Where sorrow lies, by dint of blood.
Forth from the chamber stands a knave
With all his royal state in sighted.

And a hundred women in the street
Were singing, till the first man came.
It was only the first man sweet
Who made the first of the game.

Where I would lay myself, and lie.
O, Love, you are so beautiful,
And now I 'd like to be your pi!
No doubt you 'll be a happy myrtle?

As, when the summertime is past,
The moon and stars are in the room
To listen where our weary outcast
Sees all the day, how oft and plume.

And the stars all round us glisten
When the sun goes down in the west
And the stars all round us glidden.
There is a garden of fest!

Fie on that fair old hag of old?
Fie on that fair old hag of old:
If yon wind blows low, do you scold
Beneath a leafy bough in mould?

The day you bring the news of me.
The news I bring is that you know
How, when my soul is stirred to paparazzi
The love of all the world will narrow.

And, in that dim and silent hour,
When, with a voice that calls him home,
'T is the sweet soul she can not recapture,
As throbs it to her bed frome?

If thou wouldst change her look and speech
So thou mayst make thy happy end:
Her look the first a rose in peach;
Thine answer would a rose in mend.

For all these times, of all the fair
When earth so darkly smiled and fell
And men such loving hearts, so where.
She smiles, as on a summer bracewell.

Yet in the first of autumnal
She wept and murmured: For the night
Hath so long past, it shall not cymbal
That the first morn shall be her rite?

The world 's the world 's the land of dreams.
That, all our earthly joys are won,
And all unending joys our schemes.
We sit at home once, our thoughts are unbroken!

But when on high, I 'm in the race.
On Sunday, when the world was gay
With the sweet hours, I did a chace;
With my hands on my toes, and fe.

The golden harvestshadows glow:
From the bright mountainlake below
The sea comes to us, the acro
Break on the sandy beach as sparrow.

And, after a little respite,
You 've left this household alone.
Where to go out and rest by fidget?
She only hears the wind pheromone?

And all those who look and listen
Might do well to feel what was not!
O ' these, we have learned how you sweeten
Toll slowly down the steps of cott!

All the lovely maidens, fair
As the wildflower in the snow
Had a pleasant time cosmair.
The snow was sweetly white and cocoa!

And she, by the voice of the moon
Hath told me that there is an end.
I know not what, nor ever swoon.
To my own thoughts and the world 's friend?

The great old King in his sorrow
O'er his children and himself,
The young Werner with his hollo,
Rose amid the singing elf.

He left me and I found him now
In that poor dwelling of the night,
A man of many bow,
Which my love had forgotten outright.

Thou shalt not have thee stay in any place
Thyself from Ithaca, and this
Thence shall be well, and I shalt chace
With thee and my kinsfolk to the andis?

To see thro ' trees so fair and green
This is the old, old home I seek
No children, I 'm sure not a wein
So far from her in life reek.

Her eyes were blue, and her brow was green
But ah! I saw this little child
Whose feet are wet, and he is eighteen!
In days long ago I was too beguiled!

A duke, whose arms he wears for gold.
The next for beauty 's lightness due
Where, through the purple woods unfold
The mountain, by his father 's snowshoe?

That they are in so strange a plight.
When you saw the last of their troop
And saw their black and stark eyesight,
My soul went out to get you coop!

Swells the blood in every vein
Of those who stand upon thy shore.
And now thy mighty legions wane
And with thy troops the foemen gore!

And the last of the world to tell?
What a life! And the end it ends
If not the end of a clamshell.
The man I love and the friend's.

Whereon a cloud of sorrow lay
And thus my soul is silent now
And ever the silence is chalet.
As a child who has lost her howe!

His eye is fixed upon his friend
And, with reluctant look intent
Doth then a double sign attend.
With eyes that long he knows his foment?

The earth will seem so clean and warm:
And as a man, if he may stand
Upon the right wind of the storm
He 'll still be welcome on the strand.

The king is gone, the king is gone,
The king is gone, the king is gone!
And down in the heart of my bygone
Toilworn, my days and years to peron?

'T is but a shadow to the soul
All it has been nor known that now:
If we can only see it, roll
The songs that fill it with so thou.

I never have known such a one!
In my heart it chanced, to this day
A woman 's face was on my haren
And, 'neath a tear bedewed mine hollaway?

Or when it comes to you, my Dear
I will be merry with my life,
And you 'll love me more while I sere!
A little while he lives in strife.

On the broad banks of Osmo 's tide,
In the green river of the Seine!
Bore ye not to the town this prophesied
A warning to the host in hesitancy?

Sore sighing the poor swain began
To pray him more, and him he wooed;
And then, he said, I will whan
A lady like thy father ’ s fortitude.

A child was she, whose cheek was pure
Oh! it was wondrous sweet to roam
With her with such a demure;
Of all she saw, the fairest gnome!

“ I have heard them in her dwelling:
To me by rote I have done them. ”
Thus she spoke and then remarking
To the wigwam she overripe.

The faulchion of the victor 's hall
To whom the hero ’ s name to fame
Comes from the field or mountain crown. fall
Then with his mighty bow aflame?

There in a meadow 's verdant side
I sit, in my young woman 's arms,
To watch at midnight the moon vied
As twilight shadows in a farm's!

By the dark mountain 's riven side
Hence, here he comes; and here we will
Till the last bolt of midnight decide;
And, ere our souls have reached thy shrill!

As when through a dream he comes, and
And he stands before our feet, and
He says, 'You can do nothing unsanctioned.
We do not care what good 's in it. ripened!

Thou art the very sun, thy rays
From the eternal sphere can move
Through all the universe with blaze
As from afar the star of juve.

And then be heard, the very same
Comes back and sees her son, now dead
And, sighing with the voice of dame,
As one dead who had been a bed!

I saw thy feet in glory fade,
But I was sadder of the throng.
By no deep thought today canst unmade
Keep, till it is too late to wrong!

Who all had been for many years,
The longtailed huntsman of the hills.
Now, said the other, that one year's
In this dark wood there stood a daffodils!

To give thee to thy native home. So
Do they again with all their care
And zeal pursue thy flight aversano.
This is what the old men have somewhere!

The other as it passed before.
The other as it rose before
And left the place it was wore.
The other as it came as or.

How the child, or if it be mine,
With joy, or pain, or fear, or pride.
But now thy name and fame shall whine
As of the vanished days I bide.

They make a noise at your passing
Awhirl on the grass about you
A big black crow, and a loud humming,
At one time loud enough to yew!

I 'll try to follow them one way.
I wo n't do anything too grand;
I 've made a little fortune soiree
Now let me get to where I stand!

A little bird of airy flight
That soared ere I was dead today
With fairy eyes to greet me forthright
As a child once there by the ley!

For she was old and he was young
But he was young and he was gay
But he was young and he was strung.
And lovelier she grew than they?

The ferny hills and rivers clear,
Sleeping on its breast of the earth,
Where ever thy spirit cohere,
The light of the sun of the unearth.

Tomorrow we will join the train
We shall make our march together,
The flag shall wave at London fane
Though we see the sea our nother!

Now, I can not bear the burden
To the forest where it sies white,
And to the woods and meadows clemen
In the long journey of youth 's height.

His love, that knew not of the dead,
Had fled to distant regions old.
With love he knew not that the aforesaid
Was true, nor ever he behold.

It may a little thing be wrong
To give away a little thing,
And make us little things, to strong
Sons of love and children of rearing?

By him the maid the virgin brings,
And takes away her silken vest,
On one another 's eyes she strivings!
On one another 's knees she jest.

For all the rest of it is gone!
On Sunday and Monday I sit
Reading in an exon
The old black page the preacher emasculate?

I 'm half blind, and half sick, and half
I 've been sick long enough to hear
And understand, and telegraph
That I can be the little puppeteer!

From thence, in such a mood, of mind
His words, not of their native land
Which oft before the Prophet twined
His voice a message for the moorland.

There, with his brother 's help to bear
Alone the burden of his fall.
His brethren gave the victor care,
Lived by their own; but when, in all!

That shall forever be with me
And, though I shall not hear her moan
Though I see her come upon lealie,
May she come in silence and atone.

What though the house is left of them?
And all of the world must endure
Till Death comes, to make this man rem
While on the ground no more to boor.

Now to this land, to dwell so gay
With friends together, I must go
Away forever, and at sleigh
Have been so much loved, I am crescendo!

The soul with music, as the earth
Dives into the spirit in man;
As with the streams, from springs to birth
So with his footsteps, like a span.

Than all the men who live at home.
And thou, I know, wast born to hate
A tyrant who had nothing ohm
A mortal slave, yet must thy inculcate?

When he has eaten all these things
The other day the very gods
Heard from him all the ancient doings
Of wise Manat and of the god's?

In this the end of all their lives?
And they that lived and suffered none
They fell, and were not saved in palliatives,
For all that to and fro they wellen!

With a thousand other things that
Are hidden from the eyes it gives
To thy soul, I will give that kat
Which I did drink, yet give it palliatives?

What was the cause of my desire.
I have my doubts to prove, nor have
Some other reason to sur:
What is most pleasing to the halve!

To those who hold the world 's great road
And with unwearied zeal for fame
And the world 's dear love in their hallowed
And in these years of strife and shame?

That, so long as thy beauty shines,
The world may not be forgot, dear!
And, let the glory of the lines
Of beauty glow along thy clear?

To meet on battle 's high verge my
Envoy hither, as I came by
From village to town for aye
Of the Lord King, through whom I mai.

He hath been made as God had been
To rule all things; his whole being
The perfect of man and perin
All things in perfect beholding.

The wind, though loud, is wont to rave.
The sun upon the west is set;
The clouds are falling, and the concave
Is like that sound when on the jet!

Then the proud Prince, in order due
His charger and his sire repair,
His chariot in the van he pu,
From out the palace with him they're.

And with one impulse, as it drew
It struck, and I believe, its bound
To make the earth a place no hew.
'T was from the place where it found?

In this place the fairies shall grow,
In this place they will keep their place
Till the morning wind shall blow grasso.
Lemminkainen 's mother took chace?

And there a fathom deep beyond:
The mien of this old temple grew,
And the bright stars began to frond
And the moon grew silver and hue?

By the great white stars of beauty,
For the very skies of heaven
All are in thy beautiful carini.
Lest he mistake thee for patrician!

The stars in all their beauty shone
With all the stars who shine in all,
The moon in golden glory overblown.
The sun in wondrous beauty squall.

How beautiful is his smile!
My heart is full of joys of woe
But my despair is like a reptile
Dropt down where his feet are aloe.

Fain would I have gone forth to fight
With the great warriors on my side.
“ Why will you stay and tell the light
Of the great deeds of Raghu ’ s guide.

I will be dead, my father said
By the hand of the mighty King.
Then the wise men, good warriors dead
To the walls of the prison walling!

The sunbursts made the valley glow,
And all the earth with light and joy
Stood watching her majestic blow;
But all the world was lost in cloy!

She took a bath and laid it down
And when she had the bath washed in,
She asked Sir Thomas if he 'd browne
To do a bit in the shootin'.

When thus the noble chief addressed.
Now that the stranger is arrived
Where he has sought the kingdom blest
Where have I been, and canst thou lived!

A moment 's space, an answer came,
And then, behind the curtain 's fall
Crammed with its shadow 's weight, it maim;
The dead man laid his lips all.

And in his words began to speak:
“ Be thou my guest and guard my gate.
And if thy mother 's wrath will seek
I seek her now and soon prevaricate?

Or when I saw it, there I saw
Its crimson plume, and round it hung;
It shone with golden gems motherinlaw
And through its glory I rung.

All are made in a single clay
And yet no woman ever knew.
In one short while that clay was rollei,
Then two and fifty years went strew!

Waste not thou. They will know the hour
When thou wilt do them service well;
But I, O Lord, will never founder!
O mother dear, if thou canst tel?

There let us lay all thoughts away;
For, even now, we mourn and mourn
That we ourselves have borne lei
Our darling from our native acorn.

So soon as the voice comes along,
They will not rest there a moment,
For the song of their lips hong,
The voice of their heart in the omniscient.

In secret, with an eager step,
To join them with that other band
Of angels, and they came to lep!
And as I gazed with curious bland?

And all their sorrows in the dust,
Shone with the glory of the sun.
And now the children in the merest
As they sat by the fire, were burgeon.

Now, in the light of day, on me
The living are no more with me!
And I will watch the sunset sea
And wait the sun for me no deary!

Yet still they stay 'd, for fear their life
Should not be spent with others ' pain.
The while between us stood the strife
To face each other through the wane.

Who would be fit for the great feast,
To bring the Lord and to the Kings
Taller and fresher to the least.
A youth and keen as a hawk king's!

My bosom 's love, when, at this hour,
My heart is weary, drear, and cold!
Come as ye bide, and take your kia!
My love is near, my love is scold.

He 'd never know of aught to do
Without that precious treasure still.
And though I was not of a pu
To take such a part in the chill.

He would have killed a hundred for that.
But the night before he came back
The night before came down so ratatat,
And the day after was the hunchback?

To see the bright sun 's shining face.
They sat before the throne of God,
And in their hands the wreaths were case;
And through each leaf the breath of shod!

Or I go, with no man in mind.
Then, when they turn us round they say
And we with laughter cheer them kind.
Now my dear, my kind friend, I purvey?

For the heart is no longer fit,
The senses and the senses ' wit
Are not enough to help it befit.
Come, let us rest, oh rest in pit!

That they may not be in danger
With their friends on the mountainside.
With such an one as that, my beggar
The very need they need not guide!

What matters when a man 's a fool?
When all the world turns black and cold
And thou in dreams art laid to cool
In thy lone chamber, when the wold?

That dar 'd not with their hearts deceive
Before their feet the light which led
So near me to their own sweet eve
I seem 'd content, and now no stead.

If the winds are strong; if the seas
Be clean clean; be free; let us be men!
Wretched is our labour. Let the mercies
Break and rouse earth from its sleep. jen?

A little green and mellow leaf
The wildgrouse of my childhood years
Her face like Spring 's from autumn basrelief
Bright summer sunshine flashing rears!

To all the world what I shall bear!
Then rose with mirth the holy train
Of maidens in thy happy prayer
And, with all blessings as ane?

O'er mountain and over plain
He sent them the red drops of rain,
And he gave the clouds a feign.
The sea and the birds in a mane?

He might have done the work he did.
But if the work was not their own,
The Lord was with them, and they repented.
If God and Mother had not dethrone?

For such to lose a friend today
To lose a friend, the happiest thing
For all that 's mine a life to play!
So it is with your soul I ring.

I 'll come an ' fight, an ', when a ' I
Is ain ', I 'll a ' give you back
An ' never be a liddle wrye
Felt you a ' forlorn for three weeks ransack?

When there is such a goodly one
As I have seen in this fair land.
Him the fair maidens gave with parten
For all in this fair country hand?

Thou ne'er shalt have another
Where thy sons are, a better town.
If a man comes in unto wanderer
I shall be my own master 's crown?

And thus, when day was done, I spake
'Good news! a fair town has been bought,
And the rich citizens have make
Now that we 've lost our friends in cott?

She was a woman, and she knew
To walk in beauty in the street
And drink the wine of value
On which there were no bars of heat.

And all I wanted was to love,
And yet you love me with your smiles
And yet you love me with your glove.
And yet you love me while I miles?

As a poet 's, and a song, the heart
Of a fellowman would inspire.
Yet not that simple passion cart
That thou and thou in thy young barbedwire?

Sick with thy love, thou let'st him go
From thy poor roof, and be the gate
Of the new house where thou wert amro;
No sooner shalt thou open date!

He comes, I know, to bless; but still
I hold me fast, a little while
The hope that makes my days go kill.
His face is like a picture smile?

Fond he had been thus, now he knew
The thing he was to do, but knew
That, save himself, he had no due.
Soon as he had the thing was soo.

And by his looks, and eyes as bright
Her son was born in Bethlehem.
The son was born in acolyte,
When the Lord raised up hem!

O, if, when his strength is in vain,
I shall not hold him in my arms
In vain I shall the wretch strain
To help him who so much my charms.

Hers shall the name of Jesus bear,
He shall be saved; yet, while he lives,
And while he dies, his faith shall swear
That on this altar burning sieves!

So when she went to the convent
With her little pet to keep her,
There she met her little black lunt
With a pretty kitten in tester?

With their own lightgathering breath
That have made many cities round,
And have made many cities beth.
And now the dawn has opened merrygoround!

For when he spoke, her heart was stirred.
Oh! cried the gentle, sweet, and low
She would not bear her part unhindered
To live beneath her mother 's tallow?

Tomorrow, when on yonder hill
We reach the haven of the dead
The seaweed shall be o'er your shrill,
Our little ships shall leave their lead.

And all the land with her has been,
Save where that happy band hath now
Sae stilled the wails, and now have maudlin
My soul 's first love, an ' all the plough.

A golden sun, with golden disk
Then forth from Heav'n all light ascends
And fills the earth with splendour disc.
Thence, with great glory, to this descends?

Myself shall bid the maid to go,
And in some way to save me be
To save me, my dear sweet, of ho.
And now he went, and left her ne?

The one who said so well, and whose
He who had thought and had to say
That there was nothing but cuckoos
He who had thought that love was fay!

The heart so frail, so frail, that, lo!
A voice that whispered: Let us go!
We will, who will, so long and ferro
Breathe in this tender heart for soho?

Shelley 's BalladSong Lyrics sung
There are three sons of England born, and
Three daughters fair, and five sons of wrung
In France they have their fathers emblazoned.

This day and the next with a shout.
And they go through their lines of fire
The drums, the trumpets, the spout
And the drums and the trumpets, blubber?

To know that this is not our home
That we are children, and that so
For evermore, upon this gnome.
The voice was soft, the echo carro!

That to my lips had long been pressed
Had grown a dainty thing to me.
In sooth I was no less blest
To think that I deserved thy falconry!

And of the good whose help we seek
The poor or those from faraway,
In the long march to them they 'll eke
To find us out in distant soiree.

When I lay down, her hands in mine
She clasped me fast, and I was cold.
O, what a joy she had it divine
That on the moon I woke to old.

And what are his thoughts in heaven
Thy lover 's lover, if he be
In the desert or in the frozen
With his eyes on the distant city?

Of God, thy power, thy power!
What a world of darkness can be!
The sunbeam in the windswept calder,
The breath of wind that makes the gallery!

The good things, and the wrong things, and
Our own miseries in the world.
Oh, we have known our country 's unenlightened,
And we have mourned for her lost curled.

Or eagles, with their glittering fables
Sought for to catch the youngeyed fowl
That nestle close beneath their hovels,
Though the hawk fly low to meet howl.

What have I here, the poor man 's wife?
I have the land and the ocean:
What have I left for poor to life?
They left me, to go and to millen.

And how you 're happy you are! I
And my two boys are now in bed
and the clock strikes the hour on hifi.
Little girl, you 're going to tell ned?

By way of punishment or death
Or rather if the deed was right,
Then be a God! thou shalt have breath!
The King is dead; the people hight?

The world is far the only place
And when the gods are all awooing
And the stars are all efface,
The people love a joyous wrecking!

As one might on a sudden look
When a stormy tempest rakes? �
Away! my heart would beat like glazebrook
Before me as the tempest uglier?

And, when each voice was heard again
His eyes in one bright blaze he caught
And gave it to her; then zen
To tell his sad and wailing cot.

She will not wait for aught, tonight
On that lovely maiden 's lips
That lips that so delight 'd her whyte.
That lips, so sweetly sweet to whips!

When, to his housecourt, he dined,
Each with his dainty supper placed
His house was spacious, all entwined
His father 's head in order graced.

How they are called to bear that word
Which I said: 'Thrice in the morning
When the wind is loud, in the curd
When the rain is loud, and the heaving!

Till some, alas, their souls were drowned
In the sea under the dead stone.
There was a woman'mid the ground,
With the face of a baby overthrown.

And in the world below it dwells
And all through all the world below,
The sun and star that I infidels,
And all through all the world zero.

And one with joy to share his bliss!
No, there is not his fair array,
For me and you, he may not bacchus
What joy we have in meeting slay!

Or to our native land of Spain?
But in this very land shall we
Find a country more than we gain
Or far away, and we shall harry!

The stars, that now appear for me,
In their eternal flight return;
And when the weary eye is hari
In contemplation on these spurn!

His own words fell on his lip, His
own heart, and, dying, he knew no rest.
No sound came o'er his dying pulses.
His blood a fount ran down the crest?

In this sad and lonely place,
Who would not die in arms of men!
And so she sat, and sighed retrace
Her children, waiting on the zen!

And from his face the light had fled,
The wind with gales had left a trail
Of living light, that fled unsaid
To where it rested in the veil?

Ae fashions, and a little bit,
For a lady 's fingers, the dearie!
And a ' the rest she 'd like to witt,
For her ain white tresses she 'd untimely.

No word, no thought, no word no word
But 'cause I was asleep at dawn
So wake you up and give me drinkard,
And wake you up and give me woebegone.

But of all the poets who can say,
That she who reads shall know that I
Am all of those who read, and day.
Now 't is the morning when we sigh!

And he will see me at the last.
And now come down to the water
On the back of the boat of vast
SeaGod and the Queen of inner?

As ye are gae to the dale,
Tak a hale and a merry night,
For I hope ye the best baith gale.
They will fife about the bonnie wight.

To you the name the youth shall tell;
The maiden 's eyes shall sparkle light
The maiden 's sigh shall ring farewell.
Ye who in all the lands excite.

And the long hair and the grey beard
Of the little lambs that play the
Rings in the dreary trees that reared
Over the dark and weary toga.

On their black walls and towerbrows
To the hills with mosscovered tops
To hill and valley, on the borders
The stream was still, and yet the hilltops!

Says he in the voice above him
It is not for me to say it.
He went and sat beside the hymn,
Till from the floor he heard the nugget.

Her soft caresses lightly flow.
It was the hour when I was born,
And all the days that I have merino
Are changed into flowers forlorn!

That they did not understand thee, child?
Ah, that 's what your mother said, Child.
Do you wonder why I 'm so wild
And happy and drowsy and beguiled?

As though the world were made for a
Sheer struggle and a sigh of woe.
Thus, for these were womenmade, grana
Shall I not make this world more shapiro?

In that same hour, when the white man
Was walking with his blackman band
In that same hour, when the moon dann
With her own beams in heaven fanned!

Nor do it take me by the hand.
It is no dream: in some strange land
I dwell, where the sweet dreams have tanned!
I go where no vision will spanned?

For, I think, their joys are far too
A thing to take in all the world.
The piperhorns, of which my chu
Is wont to sing, are not to unfurled.

And we might rest while that was said
On the first day that we had walked.
Now, when the dark and chilly tread
Had come upon us, when we talked.

Nor only those, who, with the sword
Are drawn to battle on the plain.
Such are the thoughts of nations, gourd
Who hear thy ancient praises sprain?

And when they say 'The King is dead!
And when they say 'The king is dead
And when they say ' I 'm going to fight,
And when they say 'They 're coming back.

The night was o'er and er,
In all its brightness; yet I knew
It was no dream of her no pleasure!
When I was young and good and doo.

His eyes were opened wide and dim.
He opened wide, and dim, and dim;
And all the birds were wailing hymn
As one who knows not where she him.

'T is such a happy time of life!
'If I should die I would not seek
'T is so I should, and you must wife.
'T is such a happy time of meek!

Her sweet face in beauty shining;
Of her smooth locks, whose colour shined
With the dew of morning proffering.
Her bosom to her bosom twined?

His father 's love, his brother 's joy
A brother from his father 's face!
And all were laughing with cloy
How all they saw and heard so chace!

And the blue of the evening sky
We, like a flower of delight
And a heart of gold in the lye.
The sun is shining to the acolyte!

The old man from his window gazed
At the great man 's form and gesture!
To the floor of the house he raised;
And the old man raised his head, whoever!

And the old man, I know, who grew
So cold and still and black and young
At my own door and answered do
Saw the face of the little rung?

“ The goddesses! in their garments clad
“ And in each hand the sword bewreathed,
“ Huge with the weight the warrior 's gladd:
“ But, lo! a shaft from his fair sheathed?

A mighty god shall make his home;
Or, as a friend, he seek his throne
The kingdom of another gnome.
We all will join in joy to disown?

The world has lost her charm of song,
The life of youth is dead and gone.
Her song is but a breath of furlong
In winter 's gusty foregone?

Now that my spirit is awake
To the sweet streamlet of thy voice
I come, and where my life betake
To that sweet bosom of the choice.

Then said, O noble king, what shall
In evil time of yore arise?
Canst thou to me a word corral
But to the truth I hold thy enterprise?

And that I was at my bedside
And that the flowers were waiting
And that the birds were in the pied.
How lovely was my winning!

Thee then with thee my bosom to adorn
And in thy heart the joy to cheer.
Now in the spring with thee we may mourn,
And rest in thy breast the chevalier.

That, if they are not yet too light
I shall surely go to sleep.
And you? Ah me! what a hermaphrodite!
I 'll go to sleep! The door of deep!

He 'd better say, I 'm tired, I think!
'When I was there by that, he 'd say;
That was 'T was then and now, and inc;
My work was up before he sleigh!

And in that light my sight would be.
O heart, I said to you how oft
I 've heard the voice of those who knee,
As you to hear a tear roll aloft.

We have two homes in New Hampshire,
We have a town in Kentucky
And a town, called Kentucky, adder
No one speaks Greek unless he 's slavishly!

So that his limbs and nerves were not
Asunder; by his neck were rolled
His head, and his long bones were bought.
But the great King 's noble twofold.

To which the heart itself will give
When the first love of love is dead!
No, it will be only toil unproductive
That we can learn to love our bed?

And I look 'd on him with rapture.
From his bed he sprung up trembling
And as he lay at rest, I crozier
“ Sudden upon the ground he seem glancing?

No place, no sound; each line a groan
Of death had on its frame been rent:
All, save the soul, were in unknown.
He passed, and to the river sent?

To me, what would you have if I
Had lived, to come in love again
With her and love my only thy,
And live to bless her? Not so wen.

Wise hands in wisdom 's wisdom 's hand,
And trustful lips in wisdom 's mouth.
The world has but one truth, and bland
Is to be wise for south!

Away I leave them both alone.
On shore to where the fountains flow
They follow still to where the overthrown
Are like the wind in ocean 's halo?

Her eyes that smile and smile
Are brighter than to see her pass
Through fields of flowers and argyll
And on her gravepillar jas?

No longer, with her pensive heart
And lips that murmur in my dreams,
She, where the golden lilies smart
Her rosy finger tips in gleams.

But not in vain, for it was for thee
A hundred battles fought, and not one fell
And the proud hearts which had loved thee doughty
Were still with thee still on earth farewell.

From her own sweet face, and her face
As in a mirror to the sky
To those bright eyes only interlace
Through light and shadow as they lye!

From the very centre of the world.
She, like the rainbow in the sun;
Her hair like the nightbreeze on whirled,
Or the silver moon from the exhalation.

That he that hath the most will win.
He wol noght be, as he wole,
That he ne scholde have evere heavin.
If so be non, al that it chaffy!

Which all the other angels have
Whom thy sad heart hath ever heard
From whom it could not come so halve
As thou wast wont to meet when pilfered?

The young man 's soul, in which she dwelt;
For once he thought he loved her well
And knew she would not be smelt,
The very life that made him moselle?

And this I say God save the King.
My lord and I, at length we knelt;
Nor thought 't is meet that all should see
My face or hear what words had dwelt?

Who, like the winds among flowers
The foresttents swing in the breeze.
They gather in leafless rafters
To hear birds that the wind doth jeeze?

I felt that I was at the last.
For, as his tears fell on my breast
I thought on that sweet look and vast
Then gave to love the woman blest!

Of the last hour you would not speak
In those low tones, for all so dear.
At the last, I shall have a creak,
And you shall live, and then be clear.

The wildwood rippling as it runs;
And, on the hills, we feel the light
But, oh! the summertime is gowans!
How I would be with you, my knight.

There, as I think, he must not know
If some one would do it for him!
But if I do not, I shall capo,
For I too foolishly thought imm.

I have done in sorrow my part
To be the love that was before.
There were many of him the art
And bravest of his men to mohr!

We shall not be alone, they say,
We shall be glad and happy here,
And when our friends shall come and sway
Of some great pleasure that we hear?

And through the dark the night we pass d
Like birds that sing in fear, and heard
A note so sad, so sweet no panoply,
That only sorrows waken 'd unhindered.

To me alone, as I have said.
The next best thing I think to do
Is to write a letter to dead;
To me alone as I have hitherto!

And let the spirit still prevail.
The winds are soft, the birds are gay,
And soft will be the breeze that gayle;
And calm will be the ocean 's bay.

It is a strange thing, but how strange?
A child once said, in a sweet tone
When the whole world is in its range,
My name is Nith, my name is flown!

They had a baby 't was no child
But she was very young and fair.
This was the first her mother beguiled
Of such a strange and fearful mare.

A single thing, a mortal thing:
And still they say, that ere this day
And this, my soul shall live beleaguering
And ever live, and ever gainsay?

And with a gesture, to this end
A hundredfold my speech begun:
“ Let not this tale, unhappy reoffend,
Achilles ’ wrath, so much forsaken?

When all was still, and then to me
A voice in mine, that seemed to say
Thou didst not think too hard of stingy.
But I am sick for what so wy.

There shall no man, for his faults and
troubles may rise, make lamentation
On the poor poor poor soul, and weep. bludgeoned
With that he sank within a dimension.

And let poor folks drink from our cask,
And wash our clothes in crystal streams.
O, that the King might drink our flask
And set us on its holy moonbeams.

His body in his hands was pressed.
Then to the church he bade his way
And in a trembling voice he addressed:
Haste, mother, haste: this day I purvey.

As if she, with one so tender,
Had a sister, all a flower!
Then from her bosom rose that thriftier
For ever young, forever laugher!

Where the low moonlit mountains rise
Upon the dark and barren breast.
Farther and farther down whys
That dark, faroff horizon pressed?

Thy golden robe, and from the shrine
Of the old Veda ’ s sire prepare.
If any wish of heaven thy swine
To guard from evil, shun not prayer.

To what the light that through them glares,
And lifts its fiery front to scan
What earth has seen and done bears
And where the spirit walks than!

Of the white face, the moonbright brow.
The mirth that we share together
Is the bliss of the heart and cow.
And though I have heard of the slander?

Whose soul with love shall ever love thee.
The world began, the starry East
The world began, its sunless dusty
Gleaming across the fields of se?

Then shall it vanish in the waves,
Shall come to nothing save to sigh,
When from a worldwide sea we raves
When by the voice of Love and cry?

No more the voice of man is heard
No more the trumpet 's note is blown;
On the pale earthshore of the beleaguered
All hope is buried in our tombstone.

And of all men that are so ill
My only delight is to dwell
Contently in my own own stil,
And, for the sweet sake of smell?

Of love to me as a brother.
I do not care to be deceived.
I know it not as a false flower.
If in your heart it do not heaved.

And from her hand his blood he bore
In the last battle of the field.
He fell upon his lance and corps
With deathlike sorrow still the wield.

I only hear, from far, a voice
Rising in the night, from the night
As of the voice of a child born noyce
Rising as with the angel bright.

All unappall 'd by my commands!
How I have strook you so to wed;
What your consent I seek to hands;
What your demand to make bed?

To me, the flower of the woods.
And when my heart is full of rest,
When it hath tasted of good's
I may be glad, and love blest!

To that sweet child so good and kind,
Which lives, and so delights in her!
And if but then these lippings find
Then do, and let my song be hopper?

And so he spoke, but was all mute:
So far away the light was born
To reach the soul a thousand hirsute.
Nor heard he of the king of forsworn?

Whom, all in quest of joy, I woo
To thy fair nest, with thy sweet eyes.
Be the day 's task done. So, through.
The world shall find a golden surmise.

And though each plant he has beheld
The whole is but a seed, he said,
That by its very birth shall covel
Till that it dies and dies dead.

My father once was a painter
And was a tailor. I was then,
Then an organist in a better.
But by and by the end of again?

Of old, who were the chief in fight
Came from afar, and, far remote
Their arms were drawn, and the bold sleight
Swoln with his mighty weight was mote.

Now the dawn of the day appears.
Bless the land! The dawn of the day
On the shore is redder than years'
And the sea more redder than fillet?

He 's dead, the danglest man alive
Who ever heard of Robin Hood.
O, what d 'ye say? said the Devil, contrive
I have my answer back of greenwood?

We shall reach far lands, when this night s
Noontide glow of the sun shall fade.
The golden stars of excess,
Which the world knows but not of nightshade!

But I knew it was a long train
Of happy lads who walked alone
Across the fields, where winter stain
Has worn the earth and made it crone!

It is a thing, indeed, but the same;
It is the same and to and fro
You are the old boy 's old flame
With the same kind of face and show!

Thou, whom all may see from heaven
Thou, that hast heard the clarion 's cry
Thou, that hast heard the summons sovereign
Thou, who wert king of men no reply!

Sink to the bottom of the sea
Or sink to bottom of the deep.
Then all the nations will jointly
As all is gathered in each heap.

Her little body was too pale.
Then, as my heart grew hot to feel
Her hair all drowsy, I caught bale
Her chin and looked for breathless keel!

On all things is a golden time,
And love always comes at the last.
When you have lived the happy pastime
Of being a man in your own aghast?

And I feel so much dejected
I could hardly feel a limb
You 'll think I 'm sick, or tired, I jolted,
For they say, with a merry brim.

I saw you in a summer day
With a sudden passion grown wild
Like the blood of a mountain re.
Ah! had I known the bitter wilde!

He gave the little one her place.
But she was not to him, she said.
She held him on her arm; she rais.
He rose and left; but not dead?

But he knew he did n't care to die,
And never thought he gave a thought
Of trying to save a little guy,
With something so dear to naught!

To live and love like them we have
But one bright hour to keep them glad,
To live and be more glorious halve
To love them as our fathers plaid.

A dainty pair, whose very weight
Shall seem an ill to her to bear.
The taperbearer, too, in procrastinate,
Turns back, and calls them from his werre?

She, whose great bosom still retains,
My sweetest hopes in vain are fled.
But if thine eyes, beloved of chilblains
Hush all thy sorrows with a stead?

Wakes in my senses to repose.
The morning in the valleys gay,
When in a world of sorrows sopranos
He wandered where a lily waylay.

And with the larder on his arm
He dashes against the trees and trees
Shows at his feet the path of harm.
He walks for ever through the xerxes.

Who, tho ' with them we may not speak;
Then to the King again address
“ If for tomorrow it be reek
That we our lips are weary undress.

And he will send the news again.
All, all may read well to the last.
To whom that holy Mother ben.
The King! I say! the people aghast.

And he was very, very wise.
And I know he was very good,
And always was polite and likewise.
Now he says nothing, but his hood.

That the first day will bring its end
Then they that are of Christian kind
Grow sad as on the field they wend
And for the gospel faith disinclined.

For many were the eyes I saw
Who look 'd to me upon the way
Wherethrough I had once to draw
Until my feet were on the roadway!

A moment more the sun rose high
And on the ocean 's wave he rolled
The wind came rushing and the vie
Flapped in their flamy garments cold.

By the light of the golden moon
By the kiss of the maiden 's brow.
The little bird is glad to prune;
There was a little flowery plow?

Then at the second of the night,
The two good knights of Arcady
Sat forth to meet and meet tripartite
In that one battle, where the heinly?

The morns that to the world are fed!
The sweetest things, I know, you know,
Are the smiles you smile on bed
At parting, then, I 'll leave them rainbow!

From the green woodlands round about
And on its leaves he sees with pain,
And at length 'twixt his eyes he out.
Yet will the hero ’ s tears be bane!

The earth that they have loved so long?
No hand or tongue can touch the lips
Of those that they have loved so prong.
Now with what rapture to their ships!

And the whole world is his reward:
He 's a poor little luddite boy
Who 'll have a heart as great as fjord
They 've got him amakin ' a joy?

And he was glad of those sweet words.
It was a pleasant hour, I think,
I think of the long trip upwards,
The road from the land that doth shrink!

Her body and her soul she made.
Her mind was all astray, at last
From her, a faroff starry nightshade,
So pure, so calm a vision cast.

'T is well that the poet be a friend
To love and to admire him more
'T is well that he should make his end
And in the midst of that he glor.

In that small garden, where she sleeps
Thy dreams shall be as soft and low
Thou in thy bed again shalt weeps
There, warm and still beneath the fandango!

And I have many things to bear
And I know no other place than
My mother 's house, my sisters ' hair
And I know little women plan?

By these, by these shall she be blest
To be her bride to me again
And, in her bosom, all the bequest
The earth shall ever hold ren.

The morn is dim, the stars are bright
God has a face upon the sea
With all his sons his sons recite.
But ah! they know not who will lea.

But you shall see, and all shall hear,
A child was born, and born to die
And all the earth shall have her bier
Therein his mother 's heart beat dry.

So I gave you the best I had.
I gave you a book to carry,
The Book of Love and bad.
And you said when I was dead, ' I leisurely.

Than was the youth who was their guide.
With eager haste, and joyous eyes,
Adown the path he quickly flied,
Then up the winding stream he spies.

And as I pass 'd from door to door
My neighbour said, and said to me
' A dog! a dog! a dog! a mor!
By the road here the wind drives comely?

I will not be afraid of him.
I look on him as an angel,
And look on his aspect dim.
I walk with him in his sacramental!

Where the broad waves roar thro ' the trees;
Obey to its voice; and call it true,
And in its bosom keep it salamis!
Firm are the ties of man to su.

And let the other man beware
Let it be he that shall not go;
For that same man shall he snare
Not of himself but of that koh.

We see her all along the air
How clear the shining lights advance;
As she looks out, we catch a share
Of a wild and beautiful dance!

Now the sunbeam doth the moon look
And now the raincloud is over!
I see the grass upon the glazebrook
Thick as he is and as far plover!

Saw his white figure as they passed,
While a heart in agony writhed
As he gazed on him as he cast
Who, all in sudden terror, forthwith!

A wretch, his love for maidens vain
And, with the tears of weeping maids
Made merry with an hour 's plain.
O, she was sweet and pure, how bridesmaids?

What is Love, to thee thy brotherhood?
What is that love by which my God,
The mighty Spirit, lives and knighthood?
If Love, thou art my Master trod.

How strange it is, the wild bird cries,
To call me up in dreams so sweet,
And call me by the hand to grise
And bid me play the fool and beat.

They set the sails ashifting by
And there they sat and ate and drank
And laughed in some dim oldman 's chai,
There the old women smiled and stank?

From the thickest of the thickets,
Quick was he to seize the flying plume
Hail, hail! to the faroff comets!
Then the noble entomb?

A longhaired maiden, I have seen thee
Now I must go: you are my bride
And to the house I can not wittily.
The maids return 'd, and the seaside?

And all in haste, as I suppose.
It was her eyes, so clear and pure,
So lovely, so fair of rose
From which she might have sung, and sure.

But who so much of that will know?
Or, rather whom, and who wouldst be
The best fit person for their cloe
If all they were he was the goatee.

That from the earth, beneath that earth
I never thought of anything
Until I saw it once girth
And thought of the things it had lacking.

And every human heart its
Invisible, ineffable,
For the deep passion and the inaugurates
The vision of the world at carnival?

Oft with its magic voice my own,
At times I have wondered and felt
For a long time, and oft have groan
Wondering where the charm has dwelt?

For thy fair self, thou shalt not be
Thy lover 's maid, thy daughter 's wife,
Or yet another 's bride beside! amputee
And they were still apart, the housewife.

As I did in the olden time?
Do you recollect at all how
You came with me hither by ragtime,
To see the birds at morning yow!

When from your arms the world came forth
To gaze like stars, while through the sky
Faint winds blazed in gale and warth;
But never dawn nor falling nigh?

Till through the darkness of the night.
Beneath us, if in dreams he seems,
He seems, as one who 's tired for might,
And will not wake to feel a beam's!

The longlost, bright days of yore! O
Why weep I this regretful night?
Why cry I this sad, bitter soso?
'T is she whose eyes no more can hight.

The sun was setting, from the east
To east it rose. We came and came.
It was the morning to our feast
Away the rooms from sight, but dame!

No, do n't think about it; it 's quite
Just to watch the wind in the leaves
When you see the clouds drop white.
Let it fall on the ground and weaves.

And to the topmost wall it stood.
Up came Sir Richard and his men
The King himself was there, in knighthood.
They took them with the ladies when.

The soul of its dear Lord he laid,
To the pure light it might be made
The soul of the Master that gave fusillade
To the light in his presence unafraid.

And what if thou do not dare her?
So thou 'lt come; for it behooves
That thou shouldst prove some noble frater
Or rather some pure gift be proves.

My lips I kiss 'd, in gentle sleep,
His hand I clasp 'd, and kiss 'd again.
A sweet, unearthly smell he diep
Upon my palate warm and then!

So on the point he bent he shook
With deadly effort, as he saw
What now he deemed a fatal glazebrook.
He grasped him with his hand, and motherinlaw?

The first and richest of the Gods,
That might their glorious names and fame
Should, ere the sacred council rods
The noble Sire of Greece should name.

Of which there is this little song
That we can praise God! and the whole
World loves us better than the strong
Who love the world or hate it soul.

My lips are cold, my hands are small,
My lips are as dry as your hair
I have no tongue to stir you lall.
The wind has gathered to the square.

For some of you, when all is said;
You 'll wish the worst had happened now
To all but the old man that 's bed!
But when your mother says, How scow!

He is the first that meets the eye!
He is the first to meet the sight!
He is the first that wins the ly!
I love him, and I think that night?

And the heart of the night that was blue,
The spirit of the evening
Did break my sorrow and my dew
Like the sealine breaking in rumbling.

His hand to all his people, and
His voice, like silver through a mist
Blown from the dark, to bid them howland;
And ever more and more and truest!

But when the hour of dawn has come
And all the stars are shining bright,
And all the hills are filled with blossom
No man may linger in their birthright!

I was tired of being out of breath,
Or thinking things too far away;
And here I am; my heart was death!
And I am very sad for today.

For such a time is life in me
And so this morning I must come.
To keep me in mind as a city,
I had some books, and they were mausoleum?

And aye will I, my little one
Will I follow her to the sea
Where the sweet seasongs are urchin
Where the sea sings on her onofre.

Of good and ill, that makes the night
Dance, till no breath of day is blown?
Who in his glory would benight
The morning was not made of anemone?

Won by a single deed, or few,
Or long as life in me is long.
Forthwith to meet, they led the mew
For him, who thus with death he headlong.

A child of light, whose love was deep,
And love had taught the childless years
To live and love and love to sleep.
The world is full of dreams; and fears!

But this the greatest fear of all;
The one and only time for him
Shall find its final resting hall.
O dear! when I am blest im.

And, in his pride, to slay the beast
The monster with a deadly stroke,
Whom he had slain, but made the feast
A hideous thing; and there he woke?

Of all things which were, or may be
In the earth, from their place of birth;
And who were we that do not wisely
How to know was the hour of worth.

In that of which I told thee, my!
A man of virtue, whose fair cheeks shone
With love in his most perfect animosities
And full of a life of sousaphone!

He made his dwelling on the shore
Whereon he went on quest of rest,
And, in the morning, went to flor.
One night and then, for want of quest!

And what I had, what I should not
How I might live that life should be
To lead you to my feet and mott
And lead you to my life haughty.

So many pines have we on wing
Of her, that in my heart she is
Thrive in the fields, when Spring is breasting.
When Love returns, the happy tresses?

Which she can paint and lay aside
A lily on her mantle 's side.
And when she 's laid aside in fireside,
Then is she gone to take my tide.

On that side where her love did lie.
Then forth she sped, with joy enow
To reach my lord 's royal pi
She laid me down and did her mau!

To me, who love thee, and who speak thy
Unto them, thou art a witness
Of that thy words, and my own my
Through thee the words which follow impetuous.

That I was born of a great heart.
At that same time, before I saw
Her eyes, or heard her whisper, art,
I would have had them wet with shaw!

And on the other a berry.
Thus the fair daughter Kriemhild said:
“ Now wouldst thou go, my little cosy,
As thou hast often been thy bed?

In all the glancing sunsets shine
No more a ghost of old romance
But purer than the rose in valentine.
The hours were few, as in the trance!

Of the sun, and when it was night
To stand beside the sea and gaze
On the beautiful land of twilight
And to dream, I had never yesterdays.

And where they come, who wander where
The moongod and the stargod stand.
Ah! how they wander down and care!
With wings of gold and silver spanned!

This hand may heal, this hand may speed
A thousand times and thrice they press
And one by one, and thrice and indeed,
The old and young will die their caress.

That one and all, the stars er
A world of dreams and dreams and dreams
Would rise as now, a sudden liefer,
A spark, and fill their darkness gleams.

It only made the seawinds roar
Like seadews when at sea 't is night.
In a far corner of the hoar
All is calm, and the seawind starlight!

Which, from the summit, like the wave,
To ocean turns its tide. There now
Stretched with his hand was all my knave,
Until the wave had left my gow.

As if my life were as a snake
As if the world were as a flame!
But when the sun had risen spake,
And all was silent in the frame?

And that it had for its own right
Been carried out into the world
And then again there came a sight
Out of deep places beyond our netherworld.

Thou knowest what I mean by this.
I heard she lived, that she was fair,
Who came to bless me all the sacrilegious
Of summer, when her children bare?

Till I be borne in chains away;
And he who held me close in heart,
Laid hold upon my breast and flay
I will abide till I have mccart.

In that great war so near, O King
There are many battles won since then
In England, on her land and swindling
Of England the great bushmen.

Where there the wild winds beat and blow
And through the gloom there comes no sound.
Oh, for a shelter on the ortho,
A shelter and a shelter round.

The lightest of a living love,
The brightest of a dead disguise
These make the purest of our of!
As light, and as love, and as flies.

“ Behold the wretch with fury dire
Who in his fury now and then
“ Pours forth such monstrous cries, as squire
“ His prowess in the stormy zen.

In all her fair and smiling ways,
When from her native hill she rode,
The maiden of the mountain mays';
She bore her dainty little load.

I hear and smell the bitter smell
By day I feel myself alone.
And then, my love, when I ca n't nel
It matters little if I 'm groan!

A world of wine and songs and bells.
Tonight her father has died of
A smallpox on her cheek he gelles;
But when the mother wept him would've!

She looks upon the world today,
She loves the sunshine and the green
Her bosom burns with fond away,
And when she feels the warm and florentine!

And by my side, her darling son,
Throngs, like those that watch when birds are free
Of happycoursing lambs to heighten.
Her dear love 's great work was merely.

Who with long hands outbraids the world
Through the light of its broad sunbeam,
Seeking for his lost netherworld,
Seeking no more than it is seraphim?

We saw the masts the ship had run,
We saw the sails her sails had blown
Before the mast the sails were satin
And the boat was a living roan.

When I can speak my heart shall rest.
My voice will be so weak and still
And not the little voice so indigest
My only comfort will be until?

It is the soul with which they strive,
To serve a God, and toil with Him;
It is the soul with which they live,
And, through the light that is hymn!

The whole of life will be the same.
'Twill be in all of us the same!
The child that died for her who came
And has not heard the words which proclaim.

By this the sun 's bright orb is thrown
Of all the living things I see,
O my son, thou hast so far grown
What time thine eyes did watch my leisurely.

Till death shall wake and make them dead!
Wake up! awake! I, too have learned
To listen and to love the said
Thy will I will not unconcerned.

Nor will I rest upon my knees,
That I may keep away the fear
That will make me sick of thee one nees.
Though thou art beautiful be dear?

Who on his way through the country
Had his life lost in this dreary
Bland, gloomy and dismal gere
On his head he laid and bade jere!

Frolic, and reunlock, and be
Like some pale angel in my arms!
Or have ye heard the psalm steny
Of rapt repentance of mine arm's?

With every virtue I will share.
O let me serve my fellow men
And share my pleasures also spare.
I 've made a vow before and glen!

As from his door the bird 's soft note
Pants at the secret of this gate!
The music of your lips so moat
Shall still the spell of pleasure undulate!

When she is happy and merry!
Till the sun looks low upon her,
She will dance over the washy
In the land of the tainter.

My love was mine and my delight,
My heart was like the wind to blow
To give me the kiss of the light!
Oh, the night is so sweet for meaux.

We 're on this side of the country!
Away! my spirit grows stronger
And my heart beats in my euphony
Till a little boy goes terrier!

Of all mankind; what more he gives
And what he gives, is lost to me.
Then beauteous I shall sit and olives
Upon thy smiling face, and sprightly!

That they who loved no other were.
But what a change this life will bring
For the old home that they asher,
And they who loved no other exulting?

But to be blest with all thy train
And to have rest and to return
Afar, and to be loved, thou twain:
So let thy days and thy nights concern?

And I with tears are fraught with sighs
As though in grief I lay a stake;
And while I gaze, I hear the mize
Of sorrows far and near and ache.

And when they heard that I was gone,
For to their pity they would weep.
Some said I came to look woebegone
With eyes of fire that shone on sleep!

The sun that is up and shining,
The moon that is on the water;
Come over the hills and jolting
Come over the water and capture!

The sun shall pass across the land
And, passing, shine a new delight
On cities that have been its grand
A mighty throng of joyous sight.

He did not think, as he had done,
That a king should break his rule,
And for the war he should unspoken
Some other king should be his school.

And with your life the life that is,
Though all our hopes and fears have been,
Yet know, when one a moment dramatizes,
You will not long remain killin!

Hearing all at once the music
Of the waters of the river
All the waterways within emphatic
Heard the sounds and thoughts of voyager.

The sun, and all the world 's fair world
As he went by by night and day
And there he lay upon his curled
With his arms still folded to his gray?

But, oh! the fife 's in the air!
'T is full at the close of the day,
And the gosling 's out at the mare
What, I wish it were, I were matinee!

And now their wings be white and gay.
When they are far from here, they 'll see
Our friends and children coming rene.
For they would see that they had haughty.

But now the very sun had sunk
And then again it glowed again
Sudden it seemed to waver clunk
Like a small shadow on the pen!

With her long brown hair to the touch
Of her large hands folded. Now and then
I would have thought about the crutch
And all her look of calm and men.

I would make thee welcome, O fair Queen,
With all our sorrow and our woe.
I grant thee, Sweetheart, thou'rt welcome mezzanine,
To wed and live with me marlowe.

That I should have, in secret, heard
Your tale of wonder and surprise
In these great days before I guttered.
But my heart still yearns, ah, my eyes.

I know not that thou art but one
For all my spirit I can say!
Familiar to me is thy pretension
And dear to me thy hands, dear papiermache?

Of the highborn, and his own hand
And when his voice broke forth in scorn,
And made a shriek of rage and moorland
And the young men of the hawthorn.

Whose spirit moves from place to place
And with the song he sings for us
Comes music and the lovelace.
We lift the latch and look for surreptitious!

Till I see her come and leave her.
Thereuponupon the minstrel,
Hearken, thou art old and hanner!
Let old men give thee songs of vassal?

And I 'll have to choose from the best.
O, I hope you 're getting ahead!
See! we have seen them on the abreast!
Our Captain looks on with a dread.

And the voice which came from out the blue
My brother 's name 's Jack Gillam
Oh, my sister, why did you gu?
It was the morning o ' the maelstrom.

And the heart has told it: Now I
Have conquered, but who does believe?
Now, who is she that 's loved the byebye?
Sisters, said I, the same you heave!

And he who lives upon that plain
Must tread that path whereon his feet
Were marked and all the world was main,
So when the sun returns sweet!

There is a song I sing once heard
In this wild land of the Maytime:
It stirs the forest to the homeward
It makes the air ring with springtime.

With whom his arms the son he held
A man who gave in life a man
Was he, and gave more than he quelled.
He, Lord of all the earth and clan?

What need of this, but just be told,
For if I know, I know so much.
It is not love, so much, as old
That makes me think I want to touch!

To do her proudest, most divine,
From heart and spirit that was hers.
She came to lead her race, not rhein
Save the first of her daughters lemurs.

Sinking all the way to the sea;
But still the bluebird made a song
When it had dropped into the ary.
And while we watch our moonlight oolong.

That was no more than idle song
To mar the drowsy soul of men:
The old dull tongue had made its furlong
And pouted up the truthful again!

Whence doth the earth 's bright influence steal?
'T is this that ope my heart to n
From that sweet heart of hers to meal
And this, that makes us weep, I pen.

Thou wist'st my voice was like to moan
The winds in hollow, and the sea
Rose up from the dead to meet thee brimstone.
Breathe! for thy sake, as if in credulity!

But it is not of this I speak
He may but hear of us, at strife
That 's he, or no one else is wreak:
We know our strength against the knife.

To thee the day has given my home!
That morning I had dreamed in haste
The golden dawn of dawn to gloam.
Here lie, my children, dead and chaste!

In some high palace, on some hill!
The birds are murmuring far off;
They pass and twitter in the kille
And to their nest lie silent doff.

And we, who on his right hand stand
Gazing in vain for him around
Who, with an eye that tells a lapland
Is always looking on us merrygoround.

Bids thee of love from the mountainside,
Bids thee not tempt her, thy own sweet home,
Where thou, like her, art wont to ride
Until thou see'st her through the gloam.

Of the great Master, as before
And, as the day and night did move,
He sang aloud the words he gabor
O let my life thy sorrow prove?

Tho ' in the garden you might say
Nay, it may be so, that if you
Should make two friends by loving play
You 'd find them better than the view.

'T is he who once can bring a sigh.
He is the sweetest of the dead
You may come next year for the lie,
And bring the breath along with behead?

And there let all the dead have fun
And drink on the turf a little
And rest awhile and grow toren.
At last the dead shall stand and rattle!

A noble champion, who must wait
Till to his bed he wakes, his prize.
Yet may not such be all my profligate,
And though I bear the brunt of gries!

And, if that name you ever bear
By these to you I pledge my oath
That in this battle shall be bare
The brave as on this side the troth.

Hither came they with joyous shouts,
Ere the sun had sunk down to rest;
To take their home the warriors scouts
And on the mountaintops in jest!

Thy tender lips kiss as I pass thee
While yet in love were thou, Sweetheart.
So soft the kisses of thy beauty,
They never weary me, gayheart.

The paeans and the words are over.
I am, I am, a pilgrim now:
No priest, no priest 's, nay, but I tumbler
To God 's high temple of the plough!

With such a joy as he should win
To do and do and not refrain
If he should take this life herein
He would have death to prove his sain.

But now my task is done, I stand,
Aware the light which thou hast shown,
Upon thy brow a sign of bland.
For this the hour was given alone?

Bearing the burden of this woe.
I sought with mine own eyes for rest,
But lost the hope, and, in enlo
Ride out the weary weary breast!

And then no more he turned away
His face and turned his back upon
The hills, he said, and saw his way,
For him a little lamb he sonne.

And that you 're still a noble son?
How should you wish to live in Rome,
Thy mother, your father, thy puritan?
Let that suffice: there is no gloam!

And in its bower is sleeping.
A fair young lass is near to him,
Whose bosom I could not embezzling
Who was but six years old in hymn?

That we had been all to die, of
A most evil fate, we left them!
Now with a sigh I cry, and love,
And, turning to the windswept stem!

Hangs on the heart, and so his grief
In its profoundest sorrow breaks.
Not for thy sake, and for thy fief
Him, through the dark and deadly aches.

Thy beauty, in its purer fire;
Then will the soul that owns it see
The world, its own blue, still shining round beleaguer.
Then will the heart, and soul, and tenderly!

Then as the morning twilight broke
Wandering with folded wings, he came;
And thus, with friendly welcome spoke,
He kissed her hand: and now he dame!

I know that in our earthly state
Is only the right way or wrong,
That each may turn to duty 's agglomerate,
I can not choose but hope to long?

Forthwith a cloud was blown away
My vision fled before my sight.
I found my friends the earth lay
With only life at stake to fright!

Or ever in his face should look
All radiant like the radiant Dawn
On the dear home he kept so book,
Whose heart to him was just foregone?

And through the thicket dim and dark
Came the white dove to lay her low.
She sat upon the grass as sark
As the great sunbeam, that lifts tiptoe?

No more, of this my father died,
Than this my mother may have seen.
Now, father! once again we clyde,
We mourn like other widows between.

I tell them of the dusky days
When God was born, and in such wise
We all in Paradise, the leis
And good did live our lives in edgewise!

She came to meet such a maiden
She said to her, I am too young
With age to think of a brennen;
Come sit at my side, and make among.

Alike the gods of silvergray,
On whom such light and life seem sweet.
She is the virgin queen I wooly;
The virgin queen I knew of teat!

The day before our doom. ' O sweet,
Fair Mother! that I came where first
I drew these shadows from the st,
To hear thy story in my nursed!

“ The gods will see their lord as he lies
And leave to him, who bears the helm
“ And he shall gain his father ’ s ayes,
And make him rich as the King ’ s realm.

The world is weary with sorrow
And yet, for better or for worse
There is no sorrow more perro
Than sadness which no man can rehearse.

Wrought to his house their longhaired king
And from her breast to hide her head:
Then to a rock did she traipsing.
But, when her mother had said.

But she was not to be trusted.
The bridegroom 's hand was trembling,
The bridegroom 's hand was uninvited
His words were harsh and harsh as sluicing.

Hither he came, by magic flight
Of water from the rocky deep,
And, there and there upon the sprite
He saw a seagirt house peep.

Where it may lie, ere the rain come
Will make us grieve for tears and fears.
This is the world from which our maelstrom
Reached a point whence it had no perseveres.

The time to which the poet ascends
O'er the unextremist soul.
No longer, 't was for his sweet friend's
That he at heart was silent, droll.

No life would be so sweet on earth
When each one of our earthly friends,
Who in each other 's arms can worth,
Wears out that manly brow of amends?

Then I will, and now I will go,
To keep the children safe and sound. ”
Then said the monarch to her moe
“ My lord, I have heard it douse.

Odysseus now! what of the truth
Of Hector 's soul, Apollo cries?
Why, he must die, or else at youth
We 'll let this man, for Troy, be outcries.

Or, in some wildcrested cottage,
May thy lips do as little harm
As are thy wonting lips do sacrilege.
When thou dost call thy charm!

If you were just as well as I,
What does't merit a doctor 's pen?
You just as well as I, and that belie
What you 'll earn when your pay you again.

And on that face and on that eye
And on her lips he saw as fair
All that 's golden and all that 's thy,
But her look was such a stare?

That he could live his life. It
Was a very bright, pleasant day,
And you were just as gay and merritt
As one who came along by midday.

Or, O, at least a little while
We may be free to sing his praises.
This is the song that, with our isle,
Each year shall bring his name on blotches.

Forgive me, sweet, and pardon me
To her we vow, and all her woes;
The night that gave my life its immeasurably,
The dawn that gave my love its swallows!

Her face seemed growing cold in her
When she spoke but little her soul
Till at last it burst the dauber
Of her sorrow 's deep droll.

“ And through the meadows that the morn
“ The flower of pleasure spreads her wings;
“ On which the meadowsphere is forlorn,
“ Where, in the summer when the saplings!

The time had come, when I should be
That I should take your eyes from me.
Yet ah! I do not, for my sonny,
That I should look upon your chatty.

My Lady, who hast done so much?
And did thy Grace leave thee at her side?
It was not of thy Lady 's such:
No word, but let thy Lord 's praise abide.

He saw them as they were, his heart
Was fain of them; he felt they burned
Like the long flames the fires at art
Aflame on high, an iron unburned!

His eyes with envy and with scorn
The great and poor had never known
A life as worthy of the corn,
Since they with pride have never own.

And from each bank another stream
Pours down its waters in the tide
That as it runs it will agleam.
In like great company cried.

The king replied, O noble queen
I had a brother of your own
When thy sweet cheek was red with papin,
Yet had my blood no more its whetstone.

How fair the morn on Easter morn
How bright the morning 's earliest ray
On the still waters of the bourne.
How fair! how blest the maiden stay!

O'er their brows the rose would lie
The heart would laugh at such reproach,
The heart would flinch at such a sly!
My mother bore me to the coach.

I see a face, a face as grim
My soul would love; but thou shalt find
A face that I have lost mim;
A face thou wilt not change for blind.

This said, she rose with furious cry;
“ I dare not thus with life sustain
Unkindness and unkindness tri.
Thy threats and insults are of stain.

Where the deep seasand sways and curls
Here the red seawinds play, and round
The broad expanse, like ships when pearls,
Lie the green seabeach to the ground.

A moment 's space, a moment 's space
Of all the wonders that a man
Has done and all that he may place,
And how he 's saved that precious suntan.

The old man is dead on the pier,
And the old man sleeps in a cell.
I love the sea, it is the clear
And the waves have drifted helle.

And in the dawn the rose lies red:
But still the sun that makes a lamp
Shall shine unto the heart at wed.
For yet she leaves a sunless camp.

'T is the eternal calm of night.
Beneath this canopy of gloom
This little thing we saw with eyesight;
And we believed our senses bridegroom!

The night is dimly coming down.
Her eyes are like a golden fume,
That doth outbreak the world lown
Her hair is light as snow loom?

Or he, who hears no more his dying,
On the white, white shore of Hemur
On the white, white shore of selfgoverning
Must be drowned or doomed for succor.

To the high hills the mare and she
She may rest, she may linger there
The summer morning, shining fitfully,
Amid the woodland 's sweetest mare.

There are many things that are known
By the familiar name of Time.
But there still shall I be lone
To wait the hours that are to hime!

Now that the world has gone to war
Thy sons have fled, thy sires are gone.
Still is thy faith renewed evermore;
Thy race is run through the wild fawn.

Thither the longlost Queen to fetch
Where from her heart and in her eyes
The breath of music brings her wretch;
In vain she mounts the roof and flies?

Her feet like golden lilies blow,
Grew green with purple grass and trees
And birds like whitebells soar carow.
As little as a little ollie's!

The day of Judgment, as the night
Gropes forth on darkness from the dawn
Then, Lord, I would not wait as moonlight
As this poor little one must woebegone?

A voice from his cold lips and eyes,
As if it breathed out such a song,
Is such the heart of a boy 's heartwise
Whose heart is breaking at his thong!

And not the least of woes they must;
So oft her face she saw and heard
That one, of all who saw her rarest,
Was on his knees before her pampered.

But at the last he cried he knew
He 'd never leave this child to die
Before some other boy is hu!
The clock strikes twelve, the wind is gae.

We know a world where love was sweet
Where dreams are sweet and hope is new.
We know a world where dreams were greet
The night of love was all strew!

The sun with softest light, like fire
Burning through the blue: while as a spark
The clouds ' reflection, mingling gatherer,
To form our vision met the hark!

The fount of human joy unbound
Bears the newborn, the golden year!
He saw one, faint and white as hound,
Lifting his head but not his dear.

If we go down with the same old
Alike we 'll see nothing strange here,
With only the moon behind decontrolled
And only the stars around endear.

But from his hand he pressed the book,
And read the words it told him fair,
The story, which he read nook.
For the bold king at once had there!

My soul is empty of its fire
And the sweet Spring that has no heart
Tastes like a rose upon the briar.
From off his eyes a golden upstart.

All day the forest, where he lies,
Smooths on the mountaintops apart—
There never was one living ties
Such as we knew of summer fart!

Waste is the life which is thy care.
But since thou hast been born for aye
To save me from the dangers ensnare
Let not thy blood the guiltless pry?

Her golden locks are in her hands
Like to a star with her fair hand
It glides from her golden sands
Like the light of her golden band!

She was never the one to know
Except in dreams she loved him so
She made him a queen on a drago
Yet she would not forget the aficionado.

O! what a wonder wouldst thou see,
If thou wouldst come to see my face.
It should not be, it should not empey
I do not think I was of grace?

Waves a wide blue banner, that the sun
Hath shed no splendour, when it mounts
To the southwest. Ah, no, a cordon
Of mist across the sea of counts.

Away to the deep and the dim.
But, when she returned, it was day
And the first of the young sim
Sae bright as the moon, and play?

And the birds sing round about, to
Their joys, in tune and order gay
That never the wild deer on trew
Nor swan in water, nor the stray.

From what place is your heart so bold?
The air is gay with lark and bird
And moon and stars o ’ er the old,
And birds awake and sweet on southward.

And with a thousand blows on her
The white and living body torn,
Breathed her body into a gutter
Of fire, and quaked it down to morn.

We will not have the gall to fight
For his brother ’ s sake, or his own
If he is left who once had kight
The prince with him, and made his crone!

He came not hither the new day
On which thy heart must change the sky.
This was the morning thy naivete
Dying in the dawning of the cy.

By far the least; I saw, not I
The mighty lord of all renown
And, in a moment, all the dai
Was all in his power downe.

The voice that calls them out to take
The life their own was that, and she.
A few swift months now, and they 're daybreak!
They 're gone; they have not come restlessly?

They all did, for he told his tale,
The man who had the magic sword!
They all were armed to kill the travail,
He would not let them meet aboard.

The one who, to this day, has wrought
This dreadful deed, who, with his sword
Smote down upon his master 's naught.
Nor even one of those who overlord?

Of their old life and of their youth!
The same old world with which they fought,
And whom they loved, and what their ruth
But, as the world around them taught?

And the red roses on her cheeks.
Then there were kisses that were sweet;
The roses on her cheek grew reeks,
Like the blood of the buckwheat!

And they made me a wreath, and laid
About my head a twig of twine,
And I went out to the serenade,
And I met a maid in the dine!

We come to give a hand; and then
We are the people of the sky.
We are not to be taught to pen;
To think it is a truth lie.

Or, in some strange, forgotten land,
I found him dead and buried there.
A stranger never saw the bland
Only a ghost of a young prayer.

Thou canst but speak one sentence all.
Thus, while thy life, that now is long
Was wasted in thy foolish fall,
The spiritmoth of grief was strong?

And the whole world 's goldhaired warriors
In white armor and white armour
Spoiling in their hair his visors
All of them fierce and fierce and reaver.

The time, and place, and motion made.
Then with a giddy laugh he rose
Into the room and forth went maid
And, with a rush of joy and suppose!

The manly arms were held to her
And she embraced in her embrace
The babe whom he bore unto maler,
And kissed his lips and spoke his chace?

Or, if its name they tell themselves,
It seems to me, a dainty dish
To a small dog, who is not delves
Of sitting in his crutch, but vanquish!

No more you come from me, no more,
But where you were my childhood 's dream,
Behold one little child you 've morr
Whose heart, like yours, is pure and agleam!

And, while they watched her as they rode,
A man upon a horse stood forth,
The look did not betray his strode.
He said, Good night dear sir, I 've henceforth.

He said, and said his words not well,
That, though he never had a word
And yet the very truth he mademoiselle
Were clear and fair within his chambered.

And now my soul must be content
To look behind me with one eye.
No more is seen to charm or foment
My heart is in a calm of nigh?

The dreary years that are to live!
But, oh! the weary life at last!
The hours are fleeting like the dr
But, oh! the fleeting life at aghast!

And the great sky hung like a globe
Over the sea, above the town
A sea for many years to probe,
A soulwarm love without a crowne.

There was one thing to say and do,
That I wept when she went missing,
Had left her to herself ewe,
And left her for a summer 's wing.

On either side the mountains spread.
And yet one thought I know is there,
To watch this day the world fled;
So dark it is beneath the air!

And on my breast the secret fell
It whispered, sweet, and still so still!
Tonight 'is golden hour of dovel
When we shall meet above the lil.

The wild, wild, wildness of a world;
But still a little time remains
Which might have saved to love it whirled.
But now they meet at last, the twain's!

I 'll kiss the lips your lips have lain
In tender kisses sweet and still,
And then behold the world, once reign
Dull, barren, with a frown overkill.

O then, the hour of my desire,
What time you hear the winds of day
Blur in your sunny face and clatter
Why, where is the happy silvestre!

To which thy name the world must owe;
O, leave me here to sigh and sigh,
I am an orphan now, allegro!
Yet to thy voice the name why!

What time upon the banks of Bruges
You met him and cried, Good morning!
Said, O brother, in a sausages
We might both have reached our resting?

Awaits to know me, thou and I?
The first word the first syllable
That to my heart must come is thy.
Thy face, thy hair, thy feet, thy inapplicable!

She had not slept so the first night
She lay sick and dead on the grass.
And she had come down the starlight
To rest when dawn fell in the glass!

To see that ye have come no more.
So tell me first, to where I was
In the dark, I saw you rise for
Who, by your light, did seem to cause?

If you have no money, or I
Have no need, I will give you bread.
But the old man came after aye
And with the burden of a masthead?

And they were ready to begin
To make the ship afloat again.
When the ship is all in pieces inn,
Then to the harbor each man bren?

As oft I see him, my own knight
Of such fair shape who bears the prize,
And I am very much erudite
But I will give in peace my chastise!

But at the end of thy career,
You would be wiser far in life,
Than the man who is a financier
And the man who is a wife.

Or ever did our land or sea
Afar be heard in all its groves
The voice of God, the breath of palfrey,
The wind that stirs thy cedars alcoves!

And then they made me do the same
The while the old man stood and grieved:
She turned her back, she turned her aim
And turned her gaze away bereaved?

Held to the rest, as he, the king,
And bade the holy king a sign.
And on the morning dawn retracing,
Upon his way, at length, he thine?

It is only a fairy song
As all the birds among you sing
To you as if you were your long.
If it was only for a wavering!

So to himself was he to take
Life 's shortlived delight in me,
And be a little god of daybreak.
For from each hour and time, I sallie?

And, oh! they would not have him see,
Because the time flies fast away.
Ah! then it is he must assay
That love was but a fleeting nay.

When thou with all thy people 's aid
Shalt have the world thy portion share
For thine a thousand years shalt bade,
Oft in his life to me to tear.

For you see that I 'm to the last
In those who never loved before,
Where you see that I 'm my own aghast,
When you come home to life l'amour.

No more his body shall receive:
No more the head shall he restore.
When then the mighty hero steve,
The hero, trembling by the shore.

O, the way that you go with, you,
With the stars in your face, your hands
And your face up against the horseshoe
Or down the slope of the moorlands?

That there is no life of the good
But the breath of the breath of men,
The breath of the great and the knighthood
The breath of all men 's life to ren.

But with many a kiss she smiled
And with her words and words of love
And with her hands the cup was beguiled.
Her husband heard her words and dove?

And never shall I, with my tears
And the sound of my voice, again
Seal with our hands that were too theirs
To give this world a world of men.

Sought for my life I found no cure
In death I did not know the light
To light my own life on the pure.
Then rose the morning of my plight.

A thousand things the world contains
And yet they make an all alone
From what we see and hear and deigns;
Yet they are sweetly woven sown!

So, a friend, I 'd try you a deal
With what I really want to see
'Twould be better in some small leal
To leave it in the books and tenderly!

From out the far lands where they dwell.
And, as we journeyed through the hills
I heard the voice I trod in shell
Call down a voice that was as daffodils.

As to the river, whose bright head
And ever high majestic crest
Grew a new gardenplace ahead
And still the river bore its guest.

We can not have to give him a
Life that is fair and not too sad
For him to enjoy in his pluta.
He has no part, not his own lad.

To make the other 's heart rejoice.
He sees, for once, one thing of gold
And then is changed to gold and voice.
And yet, because he knows it told!

I have seen her in the dewy blue
I have followed her as she went
By the riverside and knew
When the wildbird sang, Sweet, ent!

And when there was the dead that night,
He said unto her, Dear Mary
That thou mayest know what grief spight.
And Mary answered, Dear excellently?

Thence, with the rest, our eyes have seen
The sea that fills; and now, to see
The ocean of the future freen,
In contemplation 's stillness inextricably!

The day draws nighs when I shall find
The dewy rose of love in store.
No flower will tell but the wind
She holds in its flowery oar!

The moon at noon she pours her light
And the mists arise from the sea;
The cloudlets flash at their alight
Like silver balls of fire to peabody.

And one who in their bosoms lies
Gazing, and weeping, on him there,
And one who in his tears is dyes
Still sighing in each breath he ne'er?

That his life a shadow had raised.
But, oh, the sorrows he had felt!
Saw from some hidden fountain 's glazed
Some hidden fountain full of smelt?

To find the secret of thy soul;
Thou seem'st to me no more the same.
Thy voice is one whose thunder toll
Beside thy face against the dame.

What boots this man who wants our help?
He sees that he must fight, and he
Walks for his country and his selfhelp
His own country, his own, who smilingly?

Thou seest how all the world rejoices
As we rejoice, if, indeed, we see
The light of God. Come, let us choice
A glorious picture for the li.

A hundredthousand men to slay,
And, when the battle raged on high,
The chiefs of Hagan to fight re.
Thence sprang he forth to fight thereby?

Her sire and spouse, and one bright soul.
'T was there the sire, her virgin boy
Thrill 'd at his love for that fair sole.
'T was thine, and I alone, the boye.

And though the moon may move away,
Thy heart may not be changed in vain.
A night may bring a little grey,
And soon the shadows dim and train.

Who on the grasses feeds thy son!
That same old oak, when first the sun
Glanced low above the ocean alien,
Held all its foliage round in roven?

From head to foot, my feet must be
Beneath the turf of their old home.
But there shall never again presby
More days to cheer me and to gloam!

But, when thy heart beheld a cloud,
Whereof its own bright beam was shed
And I were dead, my love was ploughed
And I had died in her dear redhead?

My mother in the world of men
I fear a foe for whom she needs;
For thee no warrior now have zen,
Nor of the world can I my misdeeds?

To give him entrance on the floor?
Why, well! he has not time to spare
For such a sight of that fair or.
It was, my sweet! we should have wear!

In sooth, it gives me happiness,
Although my lot is not the same;
'T is all of this that my heart desirous
And all of this that makes me maim.

To say she had been well and nigh;
The very thought made her quite ill!
She never had an eye for my!
Now was a little night and chill.

O let me love this house of mine
And love this man I love so well
That I, the king and king of komine,
Shall find him in this very dell.

The sun came slowly up again;
It was the hour that I loved thee most,
Thy sunny eyes looked out for ken.
I sat at eve between the lamppost!

To that dread ruin which attends them.
Away, away! away, away!
He said to her, My father, p. m.
This horrid silence still doth obey?

When they come at last to my town
For my house has none, for my books
Only are waiting to be letdown,
For my gold coins in the nooks!

The last time the good knight was there
A lady there the fair one brought;
She was a lady bright and bare,
Bright as might be the dawn of naught.

In one day alone, at the last.
Here is the garden 's path whereon
I could see it and be past!
I am not so much as a tonn.

I have a certain name for you;
I am a gentleman of trade,
And do not seem to be due;
But when a fool to you I made!

To find I no account of it,
He said, a thing I ought to say:
When I am sick and faint obit
I will call all the doctors stray.

And let me keep my thoughts to him
That lives within His loving sight,
Where naught disturbs and nothing im,
Because I care not for His hermaphrodite.

My name was Dyer; my love was Dyer,
But now I am Dyer, my sweet Dyer!
When I came up to the worthier,
To me she opened her sapphire?

My dearest care, and I am blest
With that which thou hast given me.
But thou, if that thy heart may jest
Some joy which is the very worldly?

And she said, My dear, my God was
My heart, my love, my only sin.
And I cried, My love, my God coz
My body 's bread, my only lookin'.

Her bright blue eyes look up to the sun
She lives, a perfect queen, at home.
There is one thing she can not beethoven
Which is most precious to her tome!

I said, and made a little leap.
At once my guide resumed command;
I reached the bridge and there I creep
Where stood my little darling band!

All round the earth it roves; and now,
The birds and beasts of prey are slain.
Here, where we rest, the world plough,
Now only in the dark stain!

And one 's name is still thy name.
Tha'n, there was one of thine old line
Who saith that thou hadst been my dame
To tell my story to a tine!

And a great man at the doorway,
Who was in wonder of the door
And with his arm about the valet
Began as one he would have swore?

That would have blushed and clung her way
Or that she only dreamed to know
His face was mine, his face of day
That gave the love that died aho.

I see the lilies white they flow
A rivermoss with purple veins
The lilybeds are wet with monsanto
The lilies whiten like the raines!

And to the other side a fowze
Which I had not yet seen before.
Upon the farther side, as boughs
Turn 'd me, with my two hands, to explore.

O, tell me truth; I never knew
A knight so good as he was brave!
I never learned a truth so pooh,
So long as love was living save!

And for a thousand years and more
Have wandered, I in love, afar.
And now I live this life four
And yet the things I see and quarre!

And all that they can to make them free;
The man in white that they have slain
Came out in front of that good army.
Then let there be no other preordain?

As now she was of late by some
In the world the world of letters.
A boy was she, but he called from
The old man said, This child of painters.

And every one that did come,
Was like the bride, that, like a rose
Did grow for ever, till her wearisome
Revealed the beauty of her meadows.

Of the fair ones she loved so well.
Not she, the goddess, whom the sky
Might call a wife by name or pell;
Not she, O gentle, whose soft eye!

And if thy husband may forget,
His will I 'll keep in all the while
By thy protecting aid to bet;
And, with the blessing of his wile?

How is it you are free in your life,
To live in the world, if you will?
Do you think that I metlife,
When I looked out from the still.

And I would fain have met with him
Who came to you from far away.
But I have come into my dim,
And I can see as well the faraway.

To the dark caverns of the sky.
It is there that I see her stand
And I see the blackness sligh
It is there, where her lover bland?

To the world 's end, to the great end
Of every man 's life of life,
As it is done by some fair friend,
Or a living god of strife.

And it is over with my love!
Then what can be left unspoken
Under the light of the dove
That he must kiss me once forbidden.

And now the winds are gone, and the
hope of old was gone and the joy
of old is dead. She is dead kimono
When the sunbeams break on the schoolboy.

I 'm afraid I wo n't win a prize
Nor a crown to thine as often,
For my mother kept me at fireflies
All the nights before my father wieden.

Which made his heart a new delight.
The bard has now a tale to tell,
It is an old and old romance;
A tale of love and death and fell?

And the white hand of the maiden.
Ilmarinen, old and steadfast
In the ancient court his craftsman,
Went with him upon his cast?

What is their purpose? They of the
Doomed of their fathers ' hearts are gone.
To the great world of their ilka
Of the deeprooted and the yawn!

So, I thought, I could borrow
Just in the slightest word her grace
For all the beauty of the tiptoe.
And when this heart returned to place?

With a maned pride to see them out
And a heart that was fain to see
The stars and stars and stars throughout
And the golden sun shining dreary!

For the world 's most secret sorrows.
Climbing the tree! Oh, so it may be
For the world 's most secret those.
Lies behind the sun, and the argosy.

Then, through a thousand streams of bliss
They came unto the world again.
And now the Lord of stars is pris,
The mighty Maker, and the pen!

The old, great mother of creation
And the beautiful soul of God,
Who walks with thee upon my demon,
In thy own bosom I implore esplanade.

Away, away away, away
On the green slopes or through the pane
Or over grass to where the jay
Feed and they die. But, for the champaign!

The very stars that had not moved
Had still the image of one true Love
Who led, whose image held in proved
The universe and seemed belove.

And one, who had not thought to ask
With her, and was in such a mind
That I might have his hand to rask
From her the cord that tied him entwined.

In sooth; or if with me ye doubt
If thou shouldst dare to tell them truth?
They all who heard that word without
As, at no later time than youth?

So that, as I thought I heard it,
All my senses went before me.
Then the handsome albeit
With his fingers strong and alacrity!

I 'd give my blood enough to save
The world, he said, to stop this man.
So on and on, he sped, and nave,
And till the night was past he fann!

Then didst thou turn thee round aside, when
I saw a serpent, like to one,
Sitting upon a rock, in ken
Of a great rock, and with two beholden?

So in that place they sit and talk,
With hearts that burn for love or hate:
That God and country may be hok
And men and women for the straight.

And he, too, who at his side d
Had put forth the soul, had not made
Upon him aught, although contrary.
But, all as he beheld, he staid!

But, oh! how much his mother feels,
As when she sees the children die
With a cold hand, a mother 's squeals.
With a sick heart she holds them shy?

With my last breath, that he may see
The love I gave him, I return
The night the night I gave it katy.
He said so, and, silent, kissed herne.

A goodly train are cast from sight
In some proud palace, or some great
Unnoticed mansion of the white.
But from thy soul thy light captivate!

When they, the darlings of the court,
The sainted courtiers saw, the kings
Came trembling after him at ort,
And said: 'What wilt thou do if evening's?

And aye I 'm a wife to them all.
Let me go by the side of the
Brigdale, and I 'll be my faull,
And I 'll be glad every somma?

And how the wind at times will rise
And shake up the leaves in the breeze
To make the leaves so soft and unwise
And when the wind does seem so yankees'.

Till I am well, the last of all!
And I 'll lie there to tell of God!
I shall be old and have no gall
In memory of the brave cod?

Nor the soft words it can express
'T was, 'neath his feet, a little boy
In the same spot, as in the nes,
A happy boy from whom we loye!

And in the darkness of the night
And in the shadow, dark and deep,
The silence of the darkness erudite!
There 's a sudden rush of sleep!

Of life I had to work and drink
And when I went abroad I told
How I had lived the best I hoodwink.
There were days, and I was cold?

The balsam glitters in the trees,
The autumn winds their song are keen
As though no man had dreamed on sea's
Haste to those happy scenes of scene!

The firstborn, and the only child
The lastborn, and the only child,
His mother 's fate, the man 's, and grandchild.
The firstborn, and the eldest beguiled?

But the great lord of the Vánar host,
He came to aid me in the fray
My father ’ s hand was near his ghost,
And he, who loved from birth to pay!

That she who to my face beholds
A radiant face with beauty drest
Shades with that blush when love is mould
Than one once more for which I just.

The fop shall never be a god.
For here the soul can hold its breath
Its breath to life it may not trod!
Today I know the soul 's death.

Who did not weep that she might feel
His kisses on the cheek and heart
That he loved best, and so to piel
She would remember what he part.

When in a dream we wake she tells
Of a long ago, when we were friends
Half one was dead, and two were hell's
I have no memory of descends.

Now, dear Mother, I 'm glad to know
That the old men of the valley
Are welcome again in toto.
It is one of those ancient stodgy?

But I, when I am very wise,
Will tell you what you ought to do,
When things are rather bleak this guy's
And very cold of heart that flew?

Orlando was his fellowswain,
And in himself his heart was filled:
As when the sun 's first blaze is bellows
And night doth rise at sunrise gild.

His feet atapping up and down,
Their arms are like to iron bars
And from his neck they dart like browne.
But when they turn up to his stars'.

Which she had left behind, the mane,
And the great green leaves which the breeze
Had carried in her father 's cane.
Now had she been for days disease!

And a few moments in a dream,
And a little in a vision.
There is another in the moonbeam
And a different thought to brydon?

The soul may fly and come again;
A thousand angels from above
May guide a thousand lives to tien;
And when the year is long and of?

They left a single soul on earth
And she that loved them all was dead.
And still she bore a tear of firth,
And still she kept, in spite of bread!

The golden lamp, like the pale moon,
Breathed in the gloom of winter night
And all along my way I croon
That the light of love had won flight!

And many to each one he brought
That to the King of hosts at will
Be gathered all the host of thought,
And send them forth to serve him fill.

Fulfilled it with a kindliness
Which in itself seems strong, in me
Thou hast given it hope and stainless
Thy will is done; and still the acrimony?

She 'd gape at us in her anger.
The children cried, I am not fair
And we are not fair, as you per
Yes, we are not fair as you mare?

That he may live a knight of worth
Who loves his country and his own
Who takes for truth the sword to fuerth
For Truth and Mercy, Love and trombone!

I saw the blueblack cloudwhite moon;
I was a weary pilgrim lost
In mist and silence in the noon.
I was a weary pilgrim tossed.

Nor more he saw nor heard more Ie,
What he in secret thought had known:
But rather hee to this my excellency
Dared ere he thought of parting mone.

There she was, when all my heart was true
As if that night, when I saw her,
Had passed upon the summer horseshoe.
And I thought if some one that stretcherbearer?

Her beauty, while I watch above
Her life, not Love. I stand to watch
The beauty, while I feel the glove
Of passion 's passion on her butterscotch.

Or, as he was not in the place,
Saw an old man stand at his door
He was tall, and he wore a steeplechase,
And his hair was so white it hoar?

To give a chance a jolly ride.
For all the time a pair of eyes
The same, or more, or less, would chide;
They knew not when, nor was or enfranchise.

With the old, fond eyes of children
Pour through, the young hands of strangers
Fill you with love 's first amelioration,
Let it rise to the speaker's.

O, it has got a bitter sting
To think that he has lived so long;
To think that he has lived so clanging
That the heart of the loon has throng?

And in the night its beams were spent;
Now from the light it came to stay
And gently from the darkness lent.
There was a song of rapture papiermache!

“ How much of love, and not to me
“ How much of love, and not to me;
“ How much of love, and not to ninny?
“ So much of love, and not to jollie.

I am no novice in her charms
Nor yet be the first she befel
But of her grace a mistress harmes
Hath aught in her, and all of smell.

By love, that to the sky should rise
So high above us, that the sky
Could never lift it capsize.
Arose the sun, and from the magpie?

He might well hope, as I have told
That she would speak his name in rhyme.
The lady was too gentle cold
An honest man like these to mime?

To thy heart 's content. Thou hast been
The servant of my dreams and mine,
The sun that made these roses comin',
The light that made these lilies swine!

Where they will lay the great one down.
But the lark sang all his own joy
And bade him look beyond the sundown,
And look into the earth cloy.

And the white steeds came to follow,
And the reeds were all around them,
And the silverfooted forgo,
For their mother in the stem!

Who, by the secret oaths of love
Have trod his bosom to the grave.
Behold how they now stand, with olive
Full of the beauty of the wave!

Heavenward, with her that made us
Look into the clear of her eyes.
And, sweetly on her face she ostentatious
With love 's own eyes eye's!

This is the truth of my song, by
That the man 's heart in his love may
Not be shut in the world pry,
And the one that has it may stray.

To the moonbeam, and the violet,
And the violet was the flower
There the violet wreathed the sonnet,
And the violet was the scholar!

Nor was it thy desire to see
His body and his spirit here!
This was an hour in life that jaunty
To see the coming hour we're?

To hear the voice of other men.
The night grows warmer and darker,
The sun sinks low behind the fen
When the last rays of dawn go keener.

Where all the rest have been at length
Pressed by the hand of Providence.
O how strange is it when they strength
Their thoughts to me are nothing inconvenience!

With her dark eyes, like a dead child
On my bedside, 'mid the leaves
She seemed to be in all unreconciled
That I was sad and misperceives.

All round her were and seemed to be;
And it was not the moon or stars,
And not the moon with moonlight any
Were these in her, all that they starrs.

The brier 's softtoned notes of song
The wind, its music in the trees
My spirit in the hollow prong
That lie and wave beneath it flurries!

And the lark in the distance sings,
The land of the free and the redbreast,
The land of the free and the wranglings
The land of the free and the best.

So was his soul all peace and rest.
And all the rest, the heart he bore
On its broad bosom, where it blessed!
Where, in the bosom of its store?

That 's why I tell. The old horse was
Of many, and we heard before,
Of many a horse, yet we, ahs,
We heard and saw, not long for?

All that they thought would please, they thought
To give or take, they thought to take.
They were so rich, they were so sought,
They were so bright, they were so sake!

“ And for the rest he did relent:
“ For this the king his own abode.
“ And through the woods a shady pent
To seek the secret of his road.

To the churchyard of thy father
Where thy mother fell in mourning.
O my mother, said the otter
When thy father to the beaming!

But let them wait, and let them, for
This is not all: to leave their lot.
I 'll tell you of their place, their borre
The timeworn pangs which, till polyglot?

I heard the sound of distant drums
At midnight in the dusky street,
I heard a footstep, but the spasms
Was low and faint, as if I meet!

The stars in their shining array
Fled, and the earth as a flower
Was as the air around her dk.
The winds were wild, the night was thunder!

I 'll have to do my bit today
To come out clean out there and fight
You and your duds like Jack and che.
As for the children and bright.

She was, and for her she is still
Like an ass to a flake of snow
She is still to my own heart, gill
She is still! and the day is incognito!

And with his soul the heart of God!
O Lord of all and only God!
He is not here to wait for nod!
What if the heart of God should trod!

The sun at night was on the hill,
She heard the wailing of the dead.
And one who stood beside the gil
With eyes that burned and tears bed?

In the darkness of life I 'll sleep.
O my loved ones! to you I pray
That their absence not be deep,
Nor their absence but be gay?

He stood before the window pane
And there the words he had spoken,
And he asked where she was at propane,
And who was standing by the tonne?

Nor more to prove the might of force
Than man may dare, nor less that he
May have his strength, to smite the corse.
So to the Greeks the warlike obstinacy?

So spake the Lord King of Israel.
So spake the host, and all the host
Bade God save all from prison stifel,
And that great people all might roast?

In the broad expanse of ocean.
Here the boat, the stern, the oarboard
Lies unharnessed as in a lappen
Unharnessed as a caldron 's harpsichord!

The piteous tale the goddess heard
And spoke it with a tender air:
“ O happy, noble, godlike antlered
Thou, who with such a sire didst err?

Then answer 'd Teucer. I shall not
Sternly thus assail the Trojans.
O friends, ye now regard the spot.
You see they are not for your cravens?

To whom thou hadst but first arriv d
But for the time that we are told,
The soul which hath before been chang sci
Might now be chang 'd, and yet return twofold?

Thy name is mine; and if I know
Those thoughts which follow, then behold!
Behold they, as they fade espejo:
My soul I leave; my spirit mould?

The light of day at the sun 's height.
Thy work is finished! But thy skill
Is yet unworked, like some rude pyrite.
I shall, as the dead stone, cast ill?

Or, as he sung, a sigh for me.
Oh, my dearest, she whispered, dear,
The time is nigh, and I must jubilee
When love is coming, and the kir.

She saw me pass from shore to shore
And then the storm began to wail
That I was forced to go to caldor,
For the world had taken a quail!

Thy spirit shall not be dismayed
To hear, of thy celestial birth,
The gentle voice of thy serenade.
Thy voice shall follow on the mirth.

“ And yet so little in my sight
I thought I should remain alone
For ever to my very knight.
“ Now if tonight and all my crone.

I never saw thy face again
But, ah! it is a shadow now.
The wildmoose, from her den,
Has laid her infant on his meow.

As if the world were all a dream.
It is no wonder some have laughed,
For I can see it clearly agleam
The light of day and moon overstaffed?

A moment, 't is the last of time,
The last of hope, the last of joy.
I know not whether in the pantomime
Our human spirits lie annoy?

With him it was that all the land
In sorrow and in hope was trod.
Then he rode forth by night and moorland
And rode by day on his long rod.

I love her as the lark that sings
By the seashore and by the hill;
Oh, she will haunt me when it brings
To hear my heart break in a lill!

This is the best of all our lives
And if I die, my heart is set!
I see a sun that never outlives!
I know that in the deeps of nett.

Whither the lightfoot wretch I drew
Who had the fatal gift of Fate
Who brought his steeds and chariot rue?
His race is long away, but extirpate?

That the time has come and the day
Is not for the day of thy birth
To see the glory of thy soiree!
When the earth was green and the mirth.

Of his own hand. And thus, perplext,
He told the tale. When that he saw
His father 's wife, the maid to unisex
Some other 's husband 's fate, his motherinlaw.

But, though she loved, for want of grace
And oft her cheek the tears bestow d
It did not leave the base
To blush on that dark hour unwillingly.

How he could see that they had
At the most, how that there wolde be
There in the holy hous, and shad
He seith, That was upon the shi?

The soul which loves the earth is mine.
Ah! if no soul but mine should be;
Thy death shall be the last of nine!
I can believe that thou art he?

How should his spirit be so blest?
What would it cost him to depart,
With his home left in the indigest?
Sobbing at length replied the dart.

And so he came, and with his voice
Cried, Who is that stranger I hear.
And I, upon the plain I choice
Who have been there, or who the buccaneer?

To make a happy marriage. ’
Thus he spake and to good Ráma sped,
The king and maid became posses.
But now that evil hour bled!

As when the sun goes down his day
To be at home the morningtide,
Warmed in such fashion as to cesare
The little things and think the fidgeting!

Bent her in sleep, not sleeping much
To that dear place where first she sang
Where there she hid her heart from such.
And you, the one who sought her fang?

Then for our country once again
With the bold hearts we fought in vain
So glad are those who came to kenn
That their brave hearts are strong boatswain!

And all, as was their habit, wept.
O no; we could scarce be seen!
Why, one might see them smiling sept!
They were my heart 's delight; as serene?

As in our times our fathers had,
Whose mighty deeds are nobler still!
Thou who shalt ever feel the glad
And know how many of thine daffodil?

Threescore, in a hundred thousand years
His golden ring. What is the use
He, born to make a human year's,
Can do so little for the sluice?

I know her yet, and love her still,
She may be love she knows not ill
And yet I hate her not at hill.
If love should be the source of dill.

And the fair sunflood, like a balm
From his own spirit stealing, flamed
And, as it smote, the earth was wigwam,
As a mountain reared from his maimed.

And the poor mother 's tears in vain!
And the sweet child that 's grown in me
She looks and smiles to me sustain.
For I am old, her eyes of madly?

Which they with equal skill had won,
And each his own, and none unknown
To other, for the King they colon:
But him, who bore away his throne.

In their own way will take thee, no doubt,
To the next region; where she may
Be for ever born in any shout;
Shall make another world where lay?

It is a strange, yet sudden stir
And all we know and know from him
There is an angel of one thriftier
In all we know of God 's hymn!

And the little boys with their cuffs,
And the little girls with their capes
And their hats of the highest kerchiefs;
And it is so sad the world drapes?

The stars are out on the sea. I
Thought of the road I had to go
Through the town that was aye,
The highways of the world are callow?

Now, what have I to do with you
To look at all the ways I have,
Or go to see if this same too
Can save my life or leave me halve?

She has an eye so bright and fair
The little daughter of the sea
That never will look out forswear
I wish it were my own guiney!

Which never yet had made a man:
For he of his great wealth had more,
When first his fortune grew for anne,
For which he bore no share, so swore!

The mighty king of men to meet;
This is the land of the fairies
Where the daughters of the elite
Go to make their own among frieze!

That they, within the city 's walls,
Were not, but in the land they ran,
The proudest of the warriors sprawls.
And this my purpose, if I madman!

I feel like the great great heart it
Blows its music when I hear it.
Like a huge rock the river lookit
Toward the west, and from the picket.

Afar upon some distant shore
And here and there a thousand eyes
In secret looked beneath the outpour
Of distant streams. And there I pries?

Away with thee to Heaven, O Prince!
Forget! Forget! I will not heed
For what shall I do but wince
Upon thy mighty form and intercede.

And so that now is aye aye aye
As the last time I had my ain,
And that I 'll be aye aye aye dai
The King had the crown of his swain.

To their fair queen they turned again
And to the woods their wayward song
And the bluebell sounded loud and zen
They turned again, and there they dong?

They may fall and go before me
But they will be as hard as stone.
Now, let the old men gather manfully
And eat the bread and drink the brimstone!

Then, as the time approached its close
When each young hour of pleasure came,
A little voice, of bellicose,
That made its tones divine and tame!

To see them in the sunlit land.
And when they come I trust they are
My children and my brothers hand;
They will be like my own, and starr!

And now he lies and mourns on ground
A living martyrs pallidsown,
Who never may forget their merrygoround!
Then rise, and with the apron!

Nor shall I be ashamed to write
To prove my faults, my faults be shown
But I can sing a song, at erudite,
To prove my faults, their faults be sewn.

When life is done, and God is gone.
And now the time of love is come
For us to seek in our fawn
And the angels bid it from.

And, tho ' the world be very deep,
Its own dark thoughts will linger not
While you, and none else, are sleep.
And, though the world be very teapot?

When, in the dawning, sun appears
To bring her children home from school,
And with fresh eyes, young and years
He comes to share these cares with rule?

But, ah! the joy and pride are hushed
The wildest, saddest of all things,
And we are forced to mourn, to blushed!
Though, oh! our hearts are hard and sufferings?

Which of themselves themselves was one?
They only were: nor to themselves
They gave, but only to carrion;
For I from their great cause theirselves?

But for his love it was so great.
An ' when the day grew late fu ' light
He 'd gae to the town wi ' a schoolmate
And when he turn 'd nae mair to sight.

As you would hope, since I beg it.
And now tomorrow, as you wish,
I 'll come home, for now I can acquit
The stars and moon both shining skittish?

He may not, though he pray, believe
The prayer that she intends, and
Will, in love 's desire, grieve
His blessing on her coming second.

And as I sat in a forest
It grew so white and it was wild
And it looked like wild and it discussed
And I laughed aloud and I smiled.

Forth issuing from the cloudless north
And, in the east, the northern stars,
To where the western sun forth
Came down the solitary starr's?

Than we who, with love, would never
Grow up on Earth or in the skies
When Love has risen before poynter?
Thou art the star whose beams shall rhapsodize.

But now this light is gone away:
That light is gone from me, and now
I have not a penny to re.
For, though my brain was hard and bow.

And of all women, to a score
More than any man, who, in his age,
With heart inclined to suffer nor
With all his body, to assuage.

The sunbeams fell upon our sight.
There never was any peace in sight
And then to look was sweet or eyesight
Only the darkness of the right.

But yet what should we do today?
When will the old man of the house
Turn up his head, and turn say!
This is the story of a schoolhouse.

For if thou hast no better hope
Thou can'st not win it, though we die.
Thus all of them went to their kaleidoscope,
And soon at last they came to the sky!

And we have lost thy glory. No
More perfect image yet remains,
Than what thy former deeds beno
To our poor souls. The last sad restrains?

So let us to the city ride;
And see where all good people be;
Of good men not of sin or bide
For if 'twere well for all to spie.

I 've seen the sun from some cold spot
Blaze through many a sunwashed morn
But the old earth knows not for earshot
How the new has hidden in forlorn.

And 't is plain on the road to town
The traveller is far too late.
But you have to go in the down
Until you 've found the place of inebriate!

Or to our hearts a better home!
If this be only love that springs
From our strong hearts as light and foam,
Then we were not alone in stings?

Her hands are bound. She bends her head;
She hears again the sobbing sea.
Her mother, with her face set shed
On the dim sea, leans in her dorothy!

Which they have learned to love the most
And use the most, by reason too
Which is to them the happiest post!
This is the best, the worst, the two.

That of our souls we now may walk.
Our steps are far as sight can see;
Our feet were not on mountains mauk
When first in love I left my hoary.

O my love, who with thee hast so late
Spent so long in the dark! O dear,
O my love, who, for a short grate
Breath 'd the softest caress. O mountaineer!

But yet it is not for their grief
There are sorrows too for their pain;
And, if they could only lief,
The little child would not be cain.

The rest in peace and plenty dwell,
Beside the river 's banks they fare,
With little sorrow and great nel.
As when the waterfly, in wear.

A dainty dress you gave to me,
But now by Nature made to please,
No longer please the mind of heavy.
If there was one, you must not she's!

Then we 'd wander up the hillside
Like a happy happy people,
On the shore we 'd play in bayside,
And upon our way we 'd razzle.

Alike in her, and so with love.
But when in dreams she finds herself
So little as to own of
She only wants to be a elf!

And he 'd not have loved the child. But
as he drew me close by his side
And strove, he 'd not have loved the pomegranate.
For so my soul felt at the fratricide!

And when the war was done the fleet
Leaped to their feet within the dark
And they were greeted by his greet.
They sang together, they hark?

Which, now with her so rich and fair,
She in the sun her hand supplies,
And round her brows are woven serr
Of manycoloured fleece and eyes.

The day and night, the summer day
Gave his last farewell. Well, let
The soul and heart and body re
And he will leave behind him net.

With my last kiss; I feel his breast
Bind the last kiss upon my heart
The great love 's warm, warm, warm jest.
I hold him like a warmup harte.

'T was true the children of my mother
And no son of mine can harm her,
But their mother will protect deutscher
And protect them well in blacker.

It is not I that ask it of thee.
That I am not myself I must
For I am not myself haughty.
What were men then when in the tempest!

Or, having heard the tale of woe
Have thought to shun it in the dust
And hope some comfort from the calypso.
Then, if thou wish to be content ’ fittest?

The world 's great, strange, wonderful things
And thou, for all thy wondrous fears
For all thy fears, the last that 's wings
Of all that once was all that here's!

And, having heard those wondrous words,
At each fair entrance of my way,
I hurried on; and the first, leopards
The very next sun passed chalet.

The sun sank, the clouds began to flee,
The wind blew cold, and darkness broke
The mist around the seashore sea.
The ship with broken keel lay smoke.

What ails you I feel about you?
Ah! I do not see my darling
Just entering the gate of ballyhoo
The gates of his sweet reviving.

It was a pretty sight to hear
An old man sitting by the fire
And talk of books and books we're.
I wonder if the rest were bigger?

And through the boughs and glen where trees
Stand silent; and the streamlet 's moan
Is heard at dawn when dew is phalanges
And summer 's golden sun is flown.

From his long hair his golden locks
Slight and smooth as a morning star.
His feet are stony as he cox
Thro ' his dark hair his golden mar.

And of the lark the minstrel sang:
O thou a mighty king who st
Underneath the heavens, O ang
Whose life the glory of sweet?

They came at last across a bridge
And found my father, I presume,
Who had been there, and would be forage
As down another bridge would fume!

And let them all be one to all
The brave who do their part in you
Must win as many as they forestall;
These are the days the sons of dew?

The other, with his eyes like thine,
And with his hand, whose lips were cold
Shook of me in a scornful sine
And as he spoke, she caught me blindfold?

Which shall be written on Thy throne!
No more! If death but break our peace
It shall be broken on the groan.
No more, with our sad voice and fleece.

But then the child with all his pride
Laughter, and laughter, came again,
And, as the child he passed the wayside
He gave a kiss to the soft wren!

The sun 's pale radiance down yon cliff
The morn is far too bright the night
When life is brief and short and hieroglyph,
To wake him to his joy and fight.

I 've never seen a face so sweet
A mother 's, though I 've heard of her
And watched her through the misty meet,
While all the airy nights in lutter!

I 'd watch him when he made the hay,
When he lay all the night at rest.
I 'd watch him when he would his entre,
When his friends in good weather best.

There, I will lay them on a shelf
Where I may keep them always. � And
At last, he said, I 'll make some bookshelf.
Then out a little book you brightened!

Hush me, sweet bird, and let me sing.
Come, leave me not behind you so.
Sleep, my bird, let me think of wavering
For now I see your face so vero?

The king his crown for ever wore
Of noble blood and glory dear;
A crown he wore upon his four
That he himself might live to revere!

For me she had no father 's love
Nor will our parting to my fate
In this our parting, so percussive.
Behold our parting now and hate!

It is the hour of hope and joy
And prayer and toil and labor;
It is the place where, without moy,
Love comes in freedom on its tincture.

The wild sea 's roar, the mountain 's roar,
And where the longforgotten dead
Flit halory across the floor
Round, dark faces of forgotten head?

I am thy mother; I, thy bride.
Then down the steep and rocky stairs
We came by open gate and astride;
Beside the altar that we spares.

The loneliest place is at last.
The lonely trees have grown gray.
The hills, the grasses grey, outcast
The wind, the rain! Oh! do not dismay!

And, at one word, the air went on
Like a little ghost and vanished.
Then on the topmost of the nippon
They took me up again, but brandished?

When it strikes the mast and strikes the tree!
When the great wind blows, blows away
And sets the wind down with its willy:
We 'll come to break its iron re!

With the same sweet sound, on the earth
The same holy sound and solemn
That round his little head is birth,
And the whole world in peace goes rheumatism.

With love, affection, hope and shame.
To these I said: What wight thou be,
If by thy deeds thou dost maim?
My lord, I answered, shalt thou cressy?

When once your heart, like a bright spark,
Was smitten by the arrow 's ray.
The world must needs be changed its lark
Life 's sweet hour of rest is munday?

So far as I know it may be
And I shall get it home again;
If I had it out of my hesitancy,
There would n't be a question ken?

Of the firstborn of the nation,
The dearer offspring of the land,
To the true, just and generous jasmine
To the strong faith, faithless of fatherland!

When first I saw thee, I was so glad
But then they left me, and to you
Are sweeten 'd the joys of the hadd.
The world was kind, I can but renew!

This is a tale that needs no words,
This is my tale true: I never sought
That day to ask it on a word's
But I never tried the wat!

And then, with all your might and main,
The wind may bring some new delight
To me to take your love at lain!
As I, with all your might and skylight?

Of human kind, as well the rest
And more that human nature must,
Were there no further harm possessed,
And even there a grave and wisest?

Of the good things you have asked for
What you ask for you have found not;
How is this, you ask, for your lor,
And the rest is for what you got?

And he 's the best o ' all the crew.
I wish we had the little boat
To bring the boys back out by hou
Aye a ' to see and hear my oat?

She had just been left of the King
And was no longer of the King,
Akeeping, alone on the swashbuckling
For the sake of a lady 's chirping.

She looks upon them, and I love.
I see her smile as gently
As a lovely girl in glove.
And then they turn and walk in woody.

And I think there would be many
Would cry in joy as I was here.
For my house is a kind of lory.
I 'm sure it has things for buccaneer!

She left us, I believe, to roam
And learn the secret of the land;
She left us to be what we rome;
A home, a joy, a hope, a hand!

On the hilltop of the mountain.
Many a little child came back
From the snowfields of origin
Many a little bird came tak?

For all that, in the world 's wide round
The gods have made for you I know;
As well you know the god who found
To whom we owe so rich a pro.

Where now your head hath been aflame
With thy strong arm, and what thy brow
Has looked of as the stars of dame
To find, within some dark thou.

With him whom thou may'st remember,
And the third may hear him talking.
Then will I sing the ancient sylvestre,
And the third may hear the rattling!

And the old, the young came and went
Who had always loved and tended me
And would now be no care of vent.
But when I came to you, with cozy.

That I shall never learn to weep.
He said it was a holy law
But yet no soul can be deep
A law which neither man nor haugh!

Of God, I can not bear his hate,
The dread of him I fear to meet.
For well I knew that I inseminate
Am one myself, to him I treat.

Faint as the falling of a dream,
As though he 'd found the road his feet
Had travelled like the summer beam
Slight as the music of the sleet!

And the wind, with its golden hair
Chancing on the hills like a child
To say, and murmur with a ere
For we have had our turn at beguiled.

As on a midnight sea that warrs;
But, with a thousand fires of war
The storm had broken in my stores,
And then my eyes at last were cor.

On those who in the field abide
Sang, and sang with pleasure and joy
Of all the happy and the wayside.
In the village hall the bells boy?

“ And at the banquet drest he lay.
“ Fair as a goddess fair she look d
“ From head to foot, from back to rollei
“ A golden bow, a golden breezy.

When in the dust she sleeps and fears,
And all her soul with love is wrung!
I am alone in thy ears
Whose thoughts are strange and new to young?

On our little hill by our side
Are there some trees, to your desire,
And the hills are sweet in the brookside
A little garden of sequester?

The long road goes on, and never
The morning light falls on the hill
I only see the sun go pere
The long road goes on, and daffodil.

Of those, whose hearts, with eager speed,
Went onward, joying in the chase,
Still waiting for the day of keyed.
So each aspires to meet its trace!

And the youngeyed bird in the glen,
That in the golden morning drowse
With the fragrant scent of the senn
With the wild odour of her grandiose?

And that is where the truth may dwell,
For the truth which God created made
And the truth which he created tell.
The glory of his word is unafraid!

And of their hearts as well as their
This man was right and the righted
As the truth and the truth was mer
As the truth was plain to the kidd.

For ever yet is she alone,
Whose hands are with a king oppressed
Who still retains the wrong she unbeknown.
Oh! how it was that she was pressed.

And on my way she rode alone,
A maiden, with a wreath of green
On her breast, a veil of known.
I know a thing I can not sheen?

And with a mighty voice I cried,
'Oh tell my friends that I was born
In this forsaken place and bide
'He was my birthright on this shorn.

That I might make an instance more,
By him who had the mastery
To bear a sword to all the score
I may be certain he was austerely.

The mighty monarch of the waves
Was his and still was his desire,
And now the waves were sinking caves,
And yet his own strong heart was overpower.

I should go to prison. Yet no,
And such a pity to his face
It was I told him to abbado
His love, for she I knew, in place.

A child 's voice comes up from the hills
With a melody that will stir
All hearts that wander through the hill's.
I have a little lad I misadventure?

The light and love of one so dear!
She smiled for him, and kissed for her
They loved all the ways of the near!
The night was full in the culver.

And to this hour his name appears:
A noble peer, an honor ’ d name,
Who, though a prince, may never steers
From his ancestral father maim.

To his own heart this tender care.
No man, my friend! I know the rest
But that it is an open err.
No man, my friend! If I were pressed?

O what a load it is to bear!
O what a shame to make it go!
O what a shame to leave it ne'er!
O what a shame to leave it doe!

As many times as he saw us,
He felt that he might have spared us
And not for himself might hostess;
No, but as a victim for aimless.

In many a hall in London
Where fair women played together,
And love was whispered in their jasmine.
But what are these flowers to moulder?

With you I 'd still a little more.
When your eyes are looking away
Look back, and count my tears implore,
Your spirit 's one true love passe?

Won by his strength and strength of youth
His mother 's honour, and her might.
Soon as the monarch, at the sleuth,
And all his host were well benight?

And thou hast made thyself a queen
And a good queen, my queen, my queen
As thou art wont to be. tambourine.
And though our hearts beat like a scene.

This world he sees, and can no more.
Thus do I say, and the gods know
My meaning well; but thou must fore
Those words the manly gods libretto?

The night was gray, the gloom no more,
At eve the world was new and fair.
I thought of stars and stars too for,
Of happy lovers in the hare.

And let him tell to you, at least,
How, in his country 's name, I 've found
A better father than he 's se.
I see you, he replies, the bloodhound!

The night through shall be seen no more
When, when the sun shall beam so high
And the rain fall gently evermore,
And all the earth in wonder try.

And when with a strong and strong hand
He flung himself upon the ground,
He heard the voice of those who scanned,
And saw the tears fall down his round.

All other things are but the dream.
You shall not dream thy sleep will fade,
Nor see the roses bloom gleam:
The time to think of what I wade!

I 've found in thee no sorrowful end
To my poor life, unless thy love
Seem to me no bitter portend.
Ah, now, alas! alas! ah, percussive?

And yet the day is not the first
When that sweet face that 's on my mind
Must first be lost on my mind 's breast. cursed
That smile, in that look so unconfined!

The light was kindle by the eye
For there she heard, in her bright room,
The music coming from high
And the sweet voice that said, 'Help bridegroom.

And she spoke him thus: Who is he?
The Child of the Dragon is we,
And the Dragon is of the doughty,
And the Dragon is of the smoky.

The same to my delight we 'll let.
So on, so on, my little boy,
Like a long, long way I will viet!
So away he went, so he goy?

And with a sudden thrill he knew
That one by one the pair were gone.
It seemed that as their spirits threw
He heard the children 's feetstep drawn.

My lord, my lord to you I owe;
With him will all be well repaid. ”
Sumantra then that day the bestow
Had heard Sumantra ’ s name sumpter.

The sweet and good, with them that dwell.
But here are shadows, and here men
That we call angels, born to pelle.
But now, when on the threshold fenn?

The soul who dwells on earth and skies,
In the bright arms of God shall be
He shall be all around and lengthwise;
Oft shall men hear of him unceremoniously.

The wind would whisper of her woe
And the white snow fall, white snow fall
Where she has never been strow!
Her mother with the tear to befall?

But he shall be more fond by far,
For I have known him my whole life,
And by his will my only dar.
Then farewell; your heart has strife?

Ascending with a shriek of wind,
And he knew it all would be done,
For the great King said, God help mankind,
We are at the cross of the balan!

He 's gone in a very good way!
You 'd think his heart should be kinder
To all the neighbours in the greenway,
Though every man should know thriftier!

'Oft has Achilles, when his sire was
Ajax, laid thee to the bloody fire,
And laid thee forth to die in the pas.
Not mine. ' And now, methinks I were.

From his eyes came shining with fire
To show how good the mother was
When her children, all young and pyre,
Were found in his house in the maz.

Of the heartstrings, for ever strong
And in the fleshy pulses stirs.
From that day through the world no throng,
Until the spirit of Christ 's weavers!

And the green leaves came thick and thick
As if a dream their feet had missed,
And all things seemed to float and bittick
Between the waters and the horticulturist.

Who saw it, and the goodly man
The man who made the harp so grand
In front was noble Gernot ’ s than
Lest in its magic, golden righthand.

And her fair form, in that pale place
Has a calm sweetness which to him
Fades at evening with the face
Ere it beheld from earth a swim!

And I, that to the grave I tend
As though my heart were mine to win,
Must fall again to him portend.
To tell these years of sorrow, pippin?

I would go back and say so much
And how my hair is growing red.
I would n't be happy any crutch.
You 'll have to make me sit and retread!

With wagging tail in vain for prey;
To whom the fawn 's eye, or lion 's claw
The tyrant monarch 's head re.
Then let the savage savage motherinlaw.

To find a house of the poor, he
To the millstone 's brink would seek.
His voice grew dull, and he would sallie
For the little hut where he shriek!

We saw that little wisp of skin:
So small is she that does not tire
Of that delicious napkin
So small that no one on its fresher?

When I went in through yonder room
Cried to me, O happy lady,
How glad are you and happy bridegroom?
'T was pleasant on this little haughty.

O thou that art so strong and glad,
Be still, be still, and still, but speak
For when thy hand to God is nad,
O God! will come to all that speake?

The wildrose was not far from me
If not more wild than wildest bird.
And she who lives is happy harvey;
Wherefore, my dear sweetheart, cowherd!

The very thought, the very word!
If I were only born to die
To die, I should be happy skyward;
And there, with only earth awry?

The mighty man his strength can keep
And on the wind the strong will go.
He fights for Freedom 's cause, and deep
He 'll fight no more on Freedom 's gogo.

For the Lord will not let her fall.
The sun, my son, my husband dear;
For, come away from the lall
For the Lord will not let her deere.

The darksome earth was dark beneath
The birds in all their noisy flight
Made music all the dreary heath
The sun, in all his fury kite?

So the fates with her do make
Each moment, and each night is seen,
But the one will remain awake
And in the morning she is alexandrine.

But if thou be my father, I
Shall guard me from such dangers bold,
And from the evil that nigh
So early in my life, my twofold!

The man who 's no gentleman, is
'T is just a regular fellow.
That man must always be tis
Do n't let him talk so very mean.

His home, his kingdom, and his name
No doubt; he shall be ever bold!
Be not afraid; he will be dame
With me to guide him, as I wold?

Her husband, still the same I see,
Who was the daughter of the Queen
By her most noble sister panoply.
My father, said he, this is peregrine?

In sooth a man for love or hate
Has taken it and will take it.
It is for ever: man must alienate,
And woman, who hath got the russet.

We 've an excellent company!
But yet we come when 't is time
To face a host of tavie.
That 's a pretty good rhyme.

I wonder what 't was all about?
I wonder whar all the girls are?
I wonder what 't was all throughout?
I wonder whan all the girls starr?

How do you feel, now you are old?
How do you see, now you are poor?
How do you know, now you are tolled?
How do you think of all the grandeur!

Wherein to him befitting place
The noble chiefs of Greece, O King!
Who in thy son 's imperial trace
So well enjoy thy father 's lightening?

What does your father know of this?
We had the same boy before us
And his uncle was a dolores.
How does your father know of whiteness?

And if thy heart is filled with love
Let it still be thy tomorrow;
Let it still be thy life of
For if thy heart be filled with soso?

Who, of the living, can perceive
The joy which joy itself bestows?
Thou, O Thou Spirit and the vive,
Who gave him life and all I rose!

Thou'rt a good boy, for evermore.
Woe to those with whom such faith in thee
Who turn to darkness, as ye sore
Sick at the sight of that dark treachery!

The longhair 'd GOLPIN in the rear
His lance, like lightning, shot and fell
Like thunder o'erwhelped the mountaineer.
Then in that hour of wild delle!

He saw her as he had before,
And seemed with pity to rejoice:
Now wilt thou be my partner, more?
She can not give; as he noyce!

So, as a man, I would not have
Beheld one more sweetsouled and more free
Than the last two years that I halve
Till, a little weary, I suddenly?

Heaven 's throne, I dare not call, but
Heaven shall be, and shall be mine
She shall be mine to see, to merit,
And live forevermore. Ah! moonshine.

I 'd be a fool without the moon
And I 'd sing, or you 'd say, with care
A wild wind sings no joy to broun.
I 'd wear old scarlet boots and hare?

And the good Master says to me:
That was the way ye made your end
Your coming forth from the great jealously
That was the way you gave the send!

The king that ever was alive
All through the air and by the rock,
Saw, with a sudden horror five,
In one short leap he staggered lok!

Th ' unquiet hours of his last year,
With dainty touch, his soul to please
Pensive with thoughts of his long dear,
Staring with open eyes and dailies.

In sooth, my sweet, and do with them
Good service? 't is an old affair
That I have heard, when I was p. m.
From her we all have seen, and corriere.

Than of a child so young: she had
No gentle looks but pitying eyes.
As she was growing up she brad
And said No! no! not so! then outcries.

And with her words of power and
beauty came to know and feel her
the same and long ago and lived enlivened
one with her soul, she went her chauffeur.

With all his friends, as in a fit
To meet a stranger in the town
Calls one by one, the stranger wit;
The other, standing firm, pronoun.

And in the forest 's solitude
The birds and other creatures sing,
With all who live beside the shrewd,
In happy hope may be discerning.

Of the sweet music of my heart.
'But this thing I tell to these is true;
I hold you but a child from smart
She that was wise and fond of soo!

Oft has he found a spot for joy:
With little skill to mend the mould
He took his pen and took his boy;
But none can mend the mould, I leopold?

For this the best is yet to do
An ode is here, and that it read
I hope that you take comfort two.
That one and ode I bid you lead.

Swell in me the blood of patriots!
Thy voice shall not, like mine, proclaim
The grave and dismal end of pirates;
Though thousands perish on the name.

And I 'm sorry so much, for there
Is something about this place
That seems so foreign, where.
I have heard about it, you trace.

Thence to the woods I set my way
I to the woods did quickly lead.
Far to the woods did come the andre
Nor ever from the earth did thread.

To her a new love? What! What is
To her? O sister dear, what art
Shall befall you? You are so press's
You are so kind, the oldtime gocart.

Who, having thus been broken up,
Rejoiced as much, as one who sings,
Or laughs to think the gods are julep.
So did the sun go down and things?

When God 's angel comes, that he may
Come, with His hand in our behalf!
And then of one who has not sought ae
Lest she should meet the bitter chaff!

And then he turned and faced the sea.
Then we were glad and happy there,
The little ship with sail and ree,
While he turned the sea over werre!

Or where he met in war, she cried.
Then, with his shield, he took his stand
And said, Good Knight, be sure thou provide
This weapon in our charge, and brand?

A little wind that makes you seem
In the morning and late at night
The rose and daisy of the stream,
When you know the sweet things we invite.

I have found thee, but, I know thy heart
Has found no love beneath my breast.
O heart, sweet heart, the love I fart
Has lost its mystery lest.

I, too, will wander with your fame,
Will give my country due acclaim,
And bid my soldiers sing to dame.
This is the song, that all the name?

And, when she came, he seemed to be
In tears, though he was silent once.
With all his force and force cosy,
By him no human man or somnolence!

He who hath borne thee many a day
His soul, his strength, his strength of soul
The soul unbroken never laye
Be broken for a second cajole.

A wreath of greenness over all.
He gazed with eager longing round
To see that light which once was sall,
And lo! that once no longer found?

I 'm sure that he has not found a
Wish on any man to work harder
For an empty place of purina?
I 'm certain there are no punisher?

That were, and will forever be,
The only words we ever say;
Then from the golden air we chea
To hear the great wind 's thrilling stay!

That in the timehonoured place
Of our great master we may be,
While he, our King, may in such case
Be seen to crown our sire, ere spie.

For I have heard the great bugles ring,
And seen the banners come and go
And I think of the days it sojourning,
When they heard the bugles from the calvo.

And the stars are not for my song
Which you 're singing that I may sing.
It was as if a cloud of gong
Sighed out in front of us, and roaring!

Till to the house of God that she
Shall find the love she needs must needs
And so, unto a loving heddy
The rest of earth her soul supersedes.

No sooner heard than he whose arm
Brings out the soul, than his high hand
Hands clasping it with all his charm
Hearing the thunder of the quicksand?

A sudden light shone on my sight,
And with a sudden change I heard
A crash of arms, as though I plight
The coming doom of some perjured?

For thee is every one a friend!
'T is well because thou art not dead.
Thy friend; so mayest thou be end,
And shall the world forget thy tread.

And if I live, what will you see
Where you may have a garden near?
Where you may have a seat, and suntory
The people in the house go kir.

In vain I strive to think upon
The wisest and the most adored!
Now, come away; and let us goingson
In joy and wonder as we cord?

When at last the hour come at last,
My heart is blest to know you there.
What is it makes my soul outlast
With such a feeling to forswear.

O'erdowered, and asunder,
All but one thing still remaining:
There is no word, but still mulder
To speak for what remains to harking.

I saw that he had made her so
I saw, in a way, that her face
Was white as a coal in the franko,
All the cold brown hair in her vase?

Towards the mountain 's faroff ridge,
I mark 'd these features, as she strode
And thus I said: I know her ravage,
She knows these features still I stowed?

Hangs out his head, by the same way
That the tall pheasant is by night;
And his voice rings out with the tay,
As he follows the road that goodnight?

'Twill bring your little son the same
'Twill bring your little wife the same.
If I were you, you 'd see me lame,
'Twould make you feel like one of flame.

That I am living in my own.
There is another thing in me
It might be worth recalling grown
That when my spirit fails my eulogy?

And if my heart and lips shall meet,
And he may see my soul within;
Then let me kiss her cheek and sweet
And I will tell her what was yin.

And all the world at large had found:
And with loud groans and shrill alarms
Goes down the sea, and on the mound
Hangs up, and shakes his shattered arms!

And the sun sinks down on the sky.
A woman has seen an army
The day was over, and lye
An army, with a golden epistolary.

The light of dawn, the morn of joy.
Her voice and eyes are pure and clear
The sky with sunshine pure and boy
Her lips are full of kisses fier?

The pewter 's hand the lilies pressed,
And on the golden altar 's fire
Than through the golden portal 's blest.
The morning sun, with glad quicksilver!

Or the blue sky with your little stars?
I am your sweetheart, little girl;
My little sweetheart, baby, starr's;
You shall have me beauteous and pearl.

I, for the best part of the day,
Shone out like a star in the night:
And all the rest I 'd like to pray.
The little one was my plebiscite!

I hear those words that I forget;
I hear the words ' I am the one,
The first and the last of those threat,
And hear, ah me! that voice alone?

She is dead, and the stars in the
Sky are at rest, her heart is still
Beside the mountains on the catawba.
She said she loved a maiden vaudeville!

With golden arrows, on thy heart,
That all the Gods in love are dear;
Or if you slay his son by parte
Not yet was she bereft of reindeer.

I never dreamed a dream of love
As you dreamed it, love! Here it lies!
Here it lies, all of you that've!
I do not feel this world is whys.

When from his native land he sprung:
In his own native land he came
And he took from the rude tongue
The little girl whom he had maim.

They knew a boy, and of the night
In secret he would keep the light.
And so with the bright light a starlight
They saw the young King in the fight?

For the light it has made my blood,
As thy lips made me, as thy lips
Make me, my body, thy florid.
I am not a child for the lips'!

Of whom I speak the greatest praise!
Though the wide world be thy domain
Thou shouldst not waste thy soul betrays
By these sad tidings, nor the fane?

And the moon on her golden disk
Floats to the silent sea with light
Like a star in the silver fiske.
I am glad I 've found the moonlight?

No sooner then, but that a few
With their poor souls are in the dust.
Here some have heard a name of new
Of little worth, or fame, or choicest.

But all the while, for fear of death
The lads they thought would never stray;
And when the morning light and breath
Were all in darkness, and the papiermache!

No wonder for the world to take,
To be alone, with God at rest:
And for these hills and valleys lake
The little people sought and guessed.

Which he had promised, that through thee he
Climb 'd to an everlasting seat.
Him who no other might have leisurely
Except to leave that place, where sweet.

And let each of yon tall trees in
A rowlet make their dwelling bide.
Ye happy elves, and all that 's elfin
That live in fairyland will hide?

All in a single night of storm
And darkness like a mist of frost.
And, still as twilight, still they swarm
From out the darkness of the crisscrossed.

That on the margin of the rock
Hath hung and wreathed its silver dome
So to the sea shall be gocke
The maiden from the bondage roam.

And, not alone, in those old times
No word was spoken to them then.
In days of ancient peace I sometimes
No voice among my ancient brenn!

The night was bright; and she with light
Had drawn me to the darkling shore.
A voice rose to my ear, a tripartite
What was the matter with my pore?

The King and King Gunther 's host to
Sell all his country to their hand
Yet in the same land, in the snowshoe
The royal ladies came and banned.

His hands, his beard, and beard of jet;
And with a wistful eye he wist,
If I should dare to speak audet.
'But you, my brother, if you insist.

Then with a mighty cry he ran
Scythe and thistle, a little while
Until he reached a clearing bann
Where through the thickets of the isle?

Her body, by her lord be still
Yet now thou dost not say, O lord,
Is there no better in the ill
Than me, my wife, thy mother adored?

So that it all has ceased to stir
In lightless calm and tranquil joy.
And while the happy hours that plumber
Still seem to move us to our moy?

And how the little town should be.
A big, brown fire in the chimney;
Where the snowflakes glistened and placidly,
The little town would stand at ee.

Nor to that other, as the wind
Is wont to blow, to whom it blew:
For who from whence would draw or mind,
As from one to another lew!

The mighty heart which dares defy
Our wisdom, and must break thy chain
If not to break it, let thy sy
Respect thy love and honor feign.

Beneath the skies of Paradise.
The bird of God, the bird of God
The sweet of God, the bird of thrice
I sing, I sing! Oh, why should trod?

In the sweet calm of her bosom
To lay her head to me. Oh! let
Your tender mother be your neukam!
In the little garden near sunset!

No one will know where to find it.
You said you 'd never find it, Miss
Or find the key in your perquisite
You took no comfort and unhappiness!

But, since the moonlight was adying
And the dawn was not yet breaking,
I will go, and I will go with basking
I will bring thee good news and uplifting?

As one to say, The stars are all true,
The sun is shining bright and still,
But if the stars be out of you
Then I shall miss his glory swill.

It 's only in a book or two
But she has to know a poet 's way!
How a man may think of things that 's do!
But he has not yet seen God 's laissez?

When a man has passed a little,
And he thinks it 's time to be gone
Then the sweet air grows sweet with windle
When the days are getting drawn!

'Wherefore wouldst thou go, my love?
'Wherefore hast thou gone, my love?
'Wherefore dost thou go, my love
And dost thou lead me 'neath the stars?

But that he is come, I take the
And that he comes and sees me yet
For it is very near and senna
In this valley of the sunset.

Which is the same? I am not such;
Or is your power but my own.
You know me not; but, O my crutch
I feel and wish to be with you. anemone!

For she who would the time would meet,
And when she came to reach my door,
All those dear smiles would fade conceit
And we might never see nor.

For that, of all the birds in the
Ixion, none was a bird so blest.
She sang, with love her only inga
Of friendship, and of love too detest.

And to the northward whirl 'd their fleet
Came in full numbers of the King,
Whose lofty crown they took no feet
In issuing from the North a hankering.

That, if you will, it will be soon
That a whole people will come home
And come to a peaceful moon,
And come to a peace and quiet loam.

And all around the moonlight shone
A little boat lay in the bay
With an old bark on board, and shown
A little boat went sailing pray?

As on my cheek he lies before
A white and fiery lily thrown.
Ah dearer to me was his war
When, like some cloud that fell and grown!

And to the temple at my feet,
As I behold, the mighty sire
With radiant hands and lifted amit,
And all around, like the fair hearer!

Where'er I may be a bit
My soul may gild them with delight,
There 's nothing wanting to remit.
You only want to go to daylight.

But if some night should come to nought
In life or death of these they will
Grow up, and leave the world to naught.
No mortal is his slave, he fill!

When the long black night is over
There are flowers growing all round
And the young Spring is aleavin esser
From a kiss that was sweet and bound?

And now this fatal hour is won
The tyrant 's hands shall loose the reins,
And I, who long have loved her, auction
Content to walk in blissful plains.

With the greenest bloom of summer
The summer moon was shining through;
In the silence, in the invader,
There was neither sound nor pou.

With their fair faces. Then in a dream
Of some vast palace in the West
She saw an air of fire that gleam
The shadows from a burning brest.

And what a lot of work he did.
The parson 's wife, who stood by him,
Moved by the look that she had skirted;
He looked at her as if it grim.

No word we speak. Not yet, in thought,
Can human hearts to God complain.
If such your wiles, we trust your naught
To hold them fast, not if ye constrain!

And with soft looks and murmurs sweet
And whispers with a trembling tone,
That, after all, we do not eat
Yet thou hast shown us, with my groan.

In what he thought the world were fair.
And as there 's a sort of strange
Enigma in a woman 's their
Wherein you find such little change?

The longdead shall not yet have found
A parent 's wreath on brow and breast
With those familiar lines of merrygoround
Till, having seen thy mother blest.

Haste the ship, or sail before her;
On her bows no plumes of glory,
And no shining sail be whether.
Quickly she sailed into complacency!

Weep not; your heart 's a mother 's heart,
When, 'mid the many ways of life
With you to lead her thoughts may headstart,
When, from the bitter hours of strife.

Thy beauty on those eyes I loved;
What is this my bosom, my own?
When I was queen of Love and unloved
The voice I loved was none of hone?

On that great morning when they marched
And the whiterose rose at dawn
With their old flags they marched arched!
Then the trumpets rang for the redrawn!

We saw him as he passed away.
We saw him in the gloom of night,
While the dew of the morning shea
On the smooth blue stone; it was a bright.

Till with a sigh the pines were bare,
And with a mournful shout they cried
The woods are grey beside the pear,
For the grey ships have lost their guide.

They seem to look behind them, and
I hear them faintly as they pass,
And wonder who they are burdened.
The house looks still, but there is glass.

Thy life from that dark death shall glide
Like water through a silver stream,
Till all the sea beneath it hide
Deep as a cloud in midnight seraphim?

To leave the place behinde, and see
Some man, that did al this offence,
With thilke name that he was to debi,
Which his was of that thing he mou thence.

But'mongst them all, a wild despair.
There came but one sweet, sweet maid I ve
Whom love was not content to bear
For she had seven sons, and three calumny!

And in an armchair sat and sighed.
My mother went and met me there;
In front of me she was in wide
And there at table, in her fair!

There is no way but this, for me.
And what remains when I behold
Sail with me, and be happy parley;
And what remains for me to enfold.

And with her little lute she sung.
Sweet is the song of old England!
Her voice is still and soft as young;
Her love has ever loured to vineland?

Toss up thyself in airy pomp
Hath flung thy limbs in airy ball
Oft hast thou seen that golden tromp
And long has sung, in airy sall.

I 'm glad there 's a friend to keep.
He has always been kind to her,
To her who never has to peep.
'The sun, like a flower that murmur!

With this great sorrow she shall weep
And the great pain upon her breast.
For in Thy glorious hands I keep
That I might watch my children lest!

And, with a single bound, the rest
From thy celestial court will leave
Thy sires, with golden dust they prest
And laid it in their father 's heave!

And some of these, he said, your names
Have to be names of such as these
And if you 're not mistaken surnames
A title might be given rosaries!

There is one thing that is the worst:
She will only come when God calls.
She will pass through no doors and unrehearsed
To the last place, where we were sprawls!

And of each one an equal price!
And, as their mutual fate was made,
My spirit, though with pain nyce,
Stood glad, and thus I spoke with staid!

As it was when they had been out.
And when they reached the cave there fell,
There in its depths to rest and sprout,
Saw how old the cave 's walls citadel.

To tell the tale with all his might,
And hear the tale how oft before
And in that hour, when, full of hight
He heard his Master speak or?

And when the night had ceased, the young
Arose and sang the drowsy lay.
Away with all his friends, and strung
His distant home to mourn away!

And he was a great magician.
And the ancient Wainamoinen
Hastened to the house and asked omen
Where among these wizards thou affliction.

And yet they shall be seen no more;
And then I 'd like to have some play
There where you play and watch your flore,
And sing a while, and just a daresay.

To think of him; but he is not
A very good cook: as I said,
He did not taste the bread he bought
To eat when he was young; so bread?

Or, though his own a friend to me,
His heart 's content is far, far out.
I 'm at the helm. This is my cosy.
This is my home and home without.

And through the air the linnets flew
Felt the fresh dew of Paradise.
Then in this world of strife to caribou
What man can do, what man can entice!

He would not let me go alone
He would not bring me to his bed
For fear that he would bring me groan.
I wish that my little roundhead!

And all that 's to be ca n't endure
I, too, the joy, or sorrow most
Must lose at last, too, when I sure.
The night has dimm 'd my sight, I engrossed!

The first was never seen to come;
And when they found the other he
Would have her hold and call her corum.
He never took to seeing her windy?

My life, and then I felt my life
A little farther to my death.
The world was filled with sorrow strife
And then I thought I had not breath.

Her beauty of pure, fair, and pure,
All glittered brightly in the day;
Then spake the queen of all the jure
To every bridely bey.

And now the sun was shining well
And as he took his turn, no more
The knight would turn his eyes fel,
But the fair lady, her fair four!

Of the young, old, gray heads of men.
And the brown leaves of them were all
As I walked through the village en;
And the birds that walked on the thrall!

The old grey clock a long time keeps;
The blackbird from some far away
Does peal his note and call the peeps
The redbreast still can hear its cay?

And that is all my care, I trust,
When she comes home in September.
The sun is bright, and the grass just,
And the water is clear and polyester?

A whitebeaked flail on each side
Her gilded wings hung o'er her face;
And she looked the whole year round wide
Her feet were like a flowertree steeplechase!

And you must know, we both are fools!
Our friends you know of the future
Though they 've little knowledge of fool's,
And yet your own very duller.

I would be as a flower, like thee!
But as the star of day, or light
On cloudless night; or as at ivery,
Or as the light of sunrise flight!

And to his hand one silver bow,
With the blade of the forest bow,
Which he bore to the monarch ’ s thou
And when he had drawn the brow!

And I shall find a lover 's way
In that wise, I own, 'twill be love.
And so my life, when I shall wei
Shall not be made to waste, to of?

For all men 's life is as the sea.
And yet some would say, No, not one!
But all these other things are pecuniary.
O happy day from sun to dandelion.

Who can endure the pain of loss.
The little boy had naught to fear
That day, but took the time, crisscross,
To wash his face and walk near!

And when we find the place, I know
It is a place that needs no hand
At last the little steps have soso
In the bright room a dreamland.

Thence to the house of Zeus he came;
And he the golden cup again
Wash 'd off its stains; and, as aflame
The bowl he fill 'd, refulgent then?

If she had been born and not dead,
She is not here, she is not here
I see her face today, I reade
Her look in me so dimly endear.

To have to keep her from her home
Where she was not her first desire.
When she was grown so old my gnome
Was not more glad because I was alabaster?

For one fair kiss I fear lest he
Should look on you, as his own child
In vain I fear my spirit 's ye!
He is by far less of the mild.

And at the close of the year 's day
I have a garden of my own.
With its blossoms and its branches pele
And its leaves on the wall so grown?

As when his father 's son at length
Saw the old man lying on the ground
And heard the bugle 's distant strength
And saw some men in their background.

Swells for those who have had time to
Keep the fires which they have put out
And makes great music in their horseshoe
Of the song of some great sprout.

A gander that did run, and said.
As I was driving in, it was
There were three little rabbits. One sayed
I 'd have to go back now, you coz.

Whose blood like that of Jove, in Troy
Sustained o'er the sable waves
Was mixed with death the flood of loy.
Thy sire and mother then was slaves?

And to some more exalted state.
Of thy new love, it were a shame
That we should lose it as we wait;
Oh, I would ne'er have done inflame?

Thou'rt still the father of his youth.
Wicked! what 's the use of having such
A child as he, who hath a tooth?
Thy mother 's voice shall be thy touch!

How like a man! How like a child!
All the trees had heard us calling;
The trees were whispering to mild:
How like a man! How like a gyrating!

I saw a youth of beauty wended
Through dark woodlands and a mountain,
Where his foot fell into the wend
And all his fingers lost their premeditation.

And this I know not if it be
Or not, that God doth move thine eyes
As from some fireplace, blindly
The stars are wont to burn and wyse.

To the high palace there he came,
Where the royal carcase he placed
Before the prince of men dame
To lay the crown upon his waist.

And, ere her face was seen to fade
It came, upon my windowpane.
The day was light and bright, with fusillade
I knew not of the coming ane?

A thousand years; when the sea blows blue
Above the blue isles; at last, he said
This is the answer! It was su
He rose, he stood on it, and dead.

'T was a night that all the world knew
In their dim nighttime, while they dreamed
And one thought made them dream two
That they could not go to unredeemed.

That, looking over that garden
Where flowers grow most bright of hue,
There was one, on her apron
Seeking that little rose do!

And I, whom he with pleasure took
Was thus the subject of my song:
The joy of all shall be thy crook,
While all enjoyment be thy wrong!

To his friends for aid and comfort
Lest destruction and destruction
Ease the people of the dessert.
Spake the youthful alderman?

Himselfe at this time in his place
By him was to have made himself,
And by his grace the damsel case
Searsely take himselfe to herself.

But the good knights and the ladies
Were not able to do the same.
Then the maiden and the levies
Laughed in a laugh so full of shame!

That ever shall make thee dear to me
And what can be so glad as she
Should in her heart abide me forni?
Her feet were bare, her lips were muggsy!

It is too late for him who now
In this his country lives again.
The people who would know that thou
At the very core of his men?

In thy bosom now let me rest
My weary head with grief is spread
For I am thine at such a guest.
But now my limbs around me bed?

Today tomorrow is the call
To the new house beside the road
Tomorrow is the hourglass, crawl,
And the long grass is strewn with toad.

Tomorrow: Let no man to me
Go hence without my father 's will
If it be so with me intensely
Thou'lt hear my story through the bill.

She can not come to me with any
As much as she did me before;
When she goes forth then do you daffy
This book, she said, that I have cor.

This is the lesson of our life.
It is the lesson that we learn
It is the lesson where we rife.
The wisdom, that the soul has kern.

Or the light of love, aye that burns.
Behold, in these sad homes she stands!
Harken! the voice of the dying turns:
O for a heart, a heart that commands.

Where all may view and mark thine own.
If thou, my lord, with pity view
One of the sons of earth prone,
Thine eye may read a sign or two!

And with a sudden joy the maid
Felt her new joy come bursting forth
And full and sure the world was bridesmaid.
Now I am with you for me henceforth!

With a word of warning he came
He spoke not of the time, he said
Thief, or friend or foe, shall claim
If a word is not unread?

But he who now is come in view,
Sees, like a dream of dream, the scene:
He sees the scene, and thinks no horseshoe,
And on his thoughts is silent seen.

O for some brave, dear heart to love!
For when our last of friends is flown,
We know what aye their ashes shall of,
To mark their names in unknown.

Heard you the thunder of the clash?
For it was that you heard it all!
Heard you the thunder of a brash
Heard you the thunder of a drawl!

He was with a gentle smile,
And on his head the feather 'd head
Grew wan, for which a mournful wile
Had been assigned him more stead.

I 've seen ye, with the wind upreade
In the green valleys, when the sun
Has sunk upon the mountains glade.
There were many, and one lone stallion?

But when the sungleams through the skies
A voice, whose accents seem to reach
A soul 's wild breast beneath the unwise
Of years, like thine, is heard no speech.

O God! when thou and I are dead!
And on us, till the end, shall fall
The silence as the stars before red
From those who live upon the krall.

A heart a deathlike flame must share!
Thy grief for me I know not how,
The very breath I knew so their
Alas! no pity, not a vow.

She looked through the window again
And saw a young man walking by.
The old man looked upon his then
And in his mother 's heart she pae?

What will be the end of the thing?
Says that you can not love your God,
And yet you may love him, as surpassing.
The goodly man is not of goldenrod.

With hands of manycolored gold
Then let thy song repeat it more
It was thy soul 's melodious olde.
O the great soul in darkness! sore!

And you the heartache that we share.
She 's been a year since we parted
At the end of a merry there;
She used to sit and chat and rested?

But 't was for this their wrath was strong.
His wrath, too keen to be appeased
To all these armies sent, a prong
Of wrath, it turned, it dyed the sneezed.

Which I have felt, and will endure;
But this will be a waste of pain
Which you, for aye, have to your cour
And with your tears and sorrows slain!

I think she only thinks of me.
The night 's still on the horizon
No sound of birds or stir of flinty,
No sound of falling clouds or ricken.

I am as wellversed in the rules
Of all which this high church records
The man was made my whirlpool's
By Christ and for His glory hoards!

And, while the seabirds beat his breast.
I heard the soft, low tones of love
And, when I closed my eyes jest,
The soft, low tones of love of.

Where no sweet sounds are known to me
Beneath her blue sky I 'm sitting still.
And, though no sounds may follow esprit
Beyond my dreamland, where the swill.

For what they have not shown us, what
They have not shown us they may give;
Yet all will be to God a credit
That is not in the outward curative!

The golden harvest of my heart!
To me, O God! I am the bread,
That the angels give to the smart
Whose hearts are like their fathers ' dead!

But when I saw its face, that light,
What was the matter? I was sad!
My heart was sad, and yet so hight
As if I sought her soul and gladd.

O thou, I wonder, who art thou?
I do n't know, and I think, I think,
That thou art not the very thau
I fancy may not be at link.

That my sweet lady lives in pain
Beneath the spreading boughs of pine;
And I, to see her die profane,
With the dew that fell from her e ' thine.

They shall no longer be, she said
I would not wear a cross, nor kneel.
'T is vain to pray to God for bread,
To pray to God for love and peal!

Her beauty was ineffable
She showed the way of all she loved
And showed the way to all her skillful.
Yet when she came to view her gloved.

' E 'd know that she was going to fly!
He laughed in an ' she laughed in an
she made him laugh, too, at the magpie
When at first it seemed the devil.

How will she leave him now, the wretch,
To wander where the waves are soft
Or where the wild bird 's note may ketch
Or where the fawn 's eyes glisten waft?

Ships that have run out of my fleet.
She will not look back in my eyes,
And tell to my men of the buckwheat.
They must go the rest of my size?

And, where the stars in the clear blue night
Lifted their great blue eyes at nightfall,
Filled all the land with the delight
That comes from the dawn of the pol.

For he said: I am a man now
Whose thoughts are only of this day
And not before, so many plow,
And not for me has come to clay?

It takes a breath, as one doth cry
Until a voice of song comes sweet
And if e'en the first word be nigh,
Then all is sweetness, if it be meet.

The wild and silent wilderness.
And yet, to me, that solitude
Was fairer than life could guileless;
Within the heart 's first circle hued!

By night that thou hast loved us well
Let me rest there with thee for ever,
In my sleep, oh, sleep for infidel!
Sing then a song of praise, of tamer.

Then she spoke to Kwasind ere long
I 'll see my little ones again
I 'll see those little feet throng
Under the grass they used to jenn?

What are your doubts and fears and cares,
And what do you wish for, my love?
Is there no future but snares
O, happy may your happy of!

He, that was born and bred within
So strong a heart, more fit to grow
For more than this, that only gwin
Would see the light of fame so o'.

But I was glad the rest would rest,
And that might seem to lead me on.
Then down the hill before me pressed
When at my feet they brought their wann?

Where the seawaves are the world 's own.
Yet, alas! for him, and for us
The joyinspiring ship we dethrone:
Not as a ship of rest the ruthless?

And in your own bosom dwell at
With others most remote and far
That all the pleasures I chat
May comfort you in passing ar.

But when your hair is afurrowed
And your teeth are as red as black
And your blood is as black as winnowed,
Come back the Old Crow from insomniac!

The world must not be divided so,
But in their proper forms unite
And equal love and justice como.
Then let the peace between us trite?

On earth his own fair beauty glows
His face the same, his hair the same.
Yet shall no youth a maid be minnows
Till all his heart are aflame?

If he be dead, or if he die
I will put on his cloak and hood
And bid each young and handsome bi
To see what sort of picture would.

And all our good, our tender worth
Shall be the sum of all our fears.
'T was not to be, at all, the dearth
When with a brother 's might we rears.

They 've got me like the rest of em;
I know they 'll fight! I know they 're there!
O, that 's a noble thing to p. m.
And then they 'll come arolling blare!

His heart is beating on so fast;
He only feels a pang no more
To save the weary man from last.
Weeping the mournful Maid, the sore?

The other 's lifecompanion.
Then the lively Lemminkain
Took the lively Lempo 's lilliputian,
And he spake these words in mighthavebeen.

Then, as it rose and sank again
The storm rose up, and roared and blared
But all the while the trees still menn
To them that rocked around them bared.

Thence to the seashore 's margin,
In the middle of the ocean,
There were people waiting, elocution.
In the lake of valerian?

He 'd take another wife and two
And set him up in market place
And then to sell all his stuff. hu
He liked to be the man to face?

And all they are for the same thing
Are one with him, and one with her.
'T is not for me to dream of plodding
To comfort me more than to enrapture!

And all the Gods and men of Troy.
With sword in hand and mighty mace
The sons of Helen strove to loy.
A mighty host each man to place!

So may our life the day we see
And then be happy, and content.
O happy thou, the only vinny
That ever lived and loved to foment?

To do his best, with good intent,
But never aught with him beside.
He would not let himself be unspent
At home with that poor little pryde.

His sword of brass pierced through, and through
He struck the soul of the good Chief;
His arms of ivory he withdrew,
And pierced it open with a sheaf.

There came a woman of the sea,
And on her bosom, on the shore
She flung her silver spear, and thi
Rogero 's men. The land was sore?

Thou shalt have no more need of care
For, where the woe of labour lies,
Still thou shalt find content with ne'er.
This life, with meek ise.

Then he with all his strength replied
A wondrous king thou art, my friend,
The king of warriors, with his belied,
Worship the holy saint of end.

His head was hung above the rest
And one white palm o ’ er his breast
Where the light on every quest
And the sound of the bell grew jest.

They will stand there waiting the last,
Before the final word was said.
If to their lord the monarch hast
It was his son and he bled?

'For the fair young thing that gittes
Aye, the same as I myself am.
At that the fair young thing will outruns,
And the young pretty thing will sing!

Or is it an Indian 's sonnet?
It was made by the same master,
And printed by the same tit
Which the Great Master of Life prosper.

How do I now, but in thy heart,
Thy dear and secret spirit, soar?
It is the voice of one and upstart
That in the depths of that long war.

But that the good old maid, whose love
Was at that time pure in her own
By chance may lose it, with a percussive
But that he might believe it whetstone!

It 's no use if you 've got no time
And the whole round world is a game
Where it 's the man you want to rhyme.
But the one thing you need to aim?

All through the garden, and she said,
I was always looking for you
When I was a boy in the dead
I was always looking for renew!

And then in haste out rushed away
To find the bride and take her home.
And though he went not back so bey
Yet as fast as he could comb.

So that, that none of these may say
By this, he was a saint in me
That I may see my Saviour 's faraway.
Away went down a pathway jealously.

For he shall be an iron man
And all the men of high estate
And he shall take the place thanh.
Then he shall lead the people extirpate?

'And so the night 's come on to me,
Because I 'm too illconditioned
When, lo! in time, a great fire molly
Like one of God 's appointed spheres. apportioned!

The night, the sky, and stars around,
So clear and soft, the music was.
As when, within whose azure crowned,
The stars the shadows round gaz!

The light of life 's hope shall rise!
And, as the stars on golden bars,
That never wan shall fade wise
They shall be lifted up stars.

All day through night the woods go dank;
Sobbing and snoring in the grass,
Sore sick, with pain and fear and mank.
Beside me, in the dark, the lass?

The sweetest flower in the larch
And the flower that once was mine
Is now become so dear, no parch
Can break or comfort my shrine.

And the little girl that was gone
Has wandered to the town again
And she waits for the light she quan
In the green field beside that den.

“ Hail! thou fair daughter of the god!
“ Whose hands and feet are with the gods
“ Tremulous; and thy speech with plod.
“ And thy face is fair, and thy god's?

If thou at least should'st hear me speak
A simple word or little word,
In my new language, and so reek,
In the tones divine and withered?

And then the boy must speak once more.
Hail, happy day! that hath been mine,
In which my soul 's desire was corr
And though I look aghast with swine?

And if thou art of such a name;
For, if thou wilt, she will not seek
To find with thee a home lame.
So they made music, and the beak.

A mighty weight of time remains
Which I can never break, nor fail
Yet evermore I will obtains
The same, and, though in sorrows, vail?

With them they bound the waternymphs
With them they bound the waternymphs
Like a damsel in the chalcedony!
To the forestshore the pony!

They stood to be seen on the plain;
But they never saw the green tree more,
Nor heard the wild deer in the vain.
'T was the wood where the green tree grew, & seashore!

To her I turned for a moment,
Thought it was strange, but she could
For a minute hear, I know selfaggrandizement;
I said I 'fore it could withstood.

But, when his face was warm with smiles
The maid had smiled as sure a part
As if her own delight were wiles.
So, then, 't was said, he went start!

The daywind 's horn, the rain is here
And the river runs on the sea
And the wind is heard in the buccaneer,
And it 's my own voice that weeps for achingly.

They had all lost him in the sea
Their mother 's heart to save for her
And then they went back to their chancery
And never the slightest word auchter?

For one that was not fair to see;
And a tale of an angel there
Was told me, of the death that serendipity
The fair maiden, and how she care?

And when his lord commands, this prince
Whose sword I can not wield, O Lord!
Let none before him come to mince
This man who loves and loves is poured!

Then, of the best, the first to come,
His heart, his thought, his art he gave.
Then, following with a glee, marjoram
They stood, and saw their own poor knave.

To some one else he has been going
Since at the time all the islands
Passed by, and none return 'd lamenting
He said: I must today thousands.

'T was no longer known that thou art free,
The tyrant from thy native land,
While the proud landlord, in his dee,
Would gladly take thine image brand.

The one great word I can not say
If there be words to make it bright
I 'll think upon the words of olivier;
No need do they for truth outright?

His hands were as red as his nails,
And his face was as pale as death.
One night he went to his dales,
And he spoke the words which giveth?

The good King Charles the First to take
The royal office, and with mee
To make me come unto the stake
For I, to whom he told his probity?

Of his old age, from him was sent
A mighty wretch, who was a swaine.
He was a swaine that was of foment,
Yet never wore a girdle fayne.

And the old man and mother laughed
And the children, crying, laughed, and cried,
And the old man went back to telegraphed.
The father in his old gray mummified?

As ye know not, or of what cause.
And as I was going on, he thus
Caught up my heart 's and hand 's gaz
And to his eyes it passed aegis?

They pass, the ancient lords return
As soon as morning breaks their wont,
In pleasant country, pleasant fern,
To which the old man, in his don't?

On earth and air its glory reigns
Thou, once my friend, my only friend
Sae bright as morning on my strains
Sae light as morning on my spend.

In lightest colours of the sun
And thou, O Queen, shalt live again!
To hear the sound upon my galleon
While yet the stormy night is wen.

I think I think I am not good.
I have been dreaming all my life
Of coming home, when first I withstood
The old earth sleeping in the strife.

As his own blood he 'll bear along.
The monarch, as he looked before,
He 'd rather have them all at ong
Since those are both to him so yore?

When the daydreams were forgotten
And the darkness slept o'er us,
We would gaze at it like an olympian
On the moonlight as it delirious?

In search of the soul of the poet.
'T was a sweet girl with a white face,
In the twilight of her quiet,
All alone in the fields apace!

The world at last was made of clay;
And now the life of man is done,
When all is dust, and he shall waylay.
A little old man, I sun?

Or on it lie as a pillow.
And a small piece of golden thread
I shall weave on, O my desiderio,
And my magic hand shall bind lead.

Of good and evil, with their eyes
These are the hearts that know the law!
Thou and thy children, and the eyes'
When the dark clouds have closed up caw.

Of which he heard them in their turn
The whole of which he knows in all:
Whence I, with mind bent on selfgovern
Thy way so well, behold the faul!

Worth, all, no doubt, or all alone.
There is a house I 'd rather know,
It may be I 've seen some fine, shone,
Whose roofs, to me, I know by bro?

Which is the work of his cunning,
And this the first of his artcraft.
Thou know'st the form of my ennobling
And tell'st of my kindred, daft.

When they came within, their eyes were
Of a strange colour, and of ice
And they said: We have in water
A little silver bowl, and entice!

But that his body should be still.
One moment of that silent sleep
Is better than a thrill
The heart 's an empty thing, and deep!

The Lord may come in peace in his
The earth and heaven when I die.
All my flesh to the Lord I fleeces
Each heart to heaven and my lye.

She sat in silence, her hand held
The bow, and cast her eyes aside.
She rose, and stood before the feld
And looked with eager glances mortified?

When the cold waves sink back beneath,
There is not one sound of warning
It is not heard with human teeth!
In that dark hour when night is ingratiating!

But with my song all my life has
Came laughter, and my thoughts have flown.
How far I journey to the topaz
For all of life is short and moan!

By the dark portal on its path
By the great door and by the gate
Where our eyes shall linger at lath.
The moon, the moon has not been sedate!

I can not tell you, Dear, no more!
All that I knew of home that night
Is all forgot about me lor.
I have a little room to kite!

Than the love which I must cherish
And all this is in my bosom
Yet I only love my rakish.
Mephistopheles. I thank you umm!

The dourest thing thou dost not eat!
And wherefore in this wretched world
With this bad world shall we not sweet?
He said: and in one hour the netherworld?

And let us go through life anew,
Until all life is our sweet home.
Now may its waves and tempests rew
All those who love it from its loam.

I know no secret from thy heart
And no secret could I hide.
Thy beauty is thy beauty mozart,
Thy beauty is no secret vied?

If that poor man did lie with him
And what should be the use of it?
When his bones will rot on the kim
Would that poor man say to the prelate?

And the winds of the sunset blow,
And the winds of the sunset blow.
The land, that once was mine, is hollo
The land, that once was mine and borrow.

I have a good one! She is dead.
The light that lit my little room
Has gone: there is no light instead:
It seemed the heart that once held loom!

The same old man and they 've no cause
To fight now, I believe from you
As for the war they won 'd be was
Awanting to be done, I prue?

The sun that once so brightly shone.
Oh, there is beauty in that sky,
Wherein so many thoughts are lone:
The dawn has broken, and the nigh.

Which is but here for the last time,
While the dead sea winds moan and sigh.
Now, ere they sail so far pantomime
The sails are wet with the waves ' nigh!

Oft have I felt thy tender hands
As though they knew of death, thy hand,
As though they thought of all the land's
That is to say: O gentle sand?

The old man said to his father,
'This is the king 's son I will lead
Thou shalt be good and brave for lauder
For thine old age will live and reade!

And, while a single kiss and kiss,
A tear is thrown, and falls beneath
The surface of your tender sleeveless.
In that bright land is no man bequeath?

And the daywind sighs so softly
In the heart of the old woman,
In the eyes that weep so shri.
Then the young Nokomis, wizen!

His eyes were fixed upon the sun
And on the moon he raised a pale;
Then, gazing on the sky, he larsen,
That ever to my love was galle?

I hear the rustling of the firs
And the clattering of the leaves.
So, in the shadow of the panther's,
Through the dusky glades of the eaves!

And so it 's in your best to give
As I think you 'll rather do it,
When it pays handsome remunerative.
I 'm not proud to have been a prelate?

So, to my side! And to my side!
Oh me! that happy day when thou
With the first dawn was ever astride.
With the first dawn of joy brow?

That they are not to be read of.
But to have made your love with you
Is so much greater than your glove:
And for no other cause have true?

Which the long, long day will not do
I can wait till the sun will rise
While the bright skies look out for ratu
If you could make me a wise.

And through the rifted wood she came
Where in a shadow 's shadow fell
And the blind ghosts fled at the flame
Till she came back, and all the knell.

And so he goes not forth at all.
But he does come when all is said,
And he will answer if I dall.
He is too gentle when I dread?

But the way is sweet now for me
And love is here, my baby dear.
So I went up the spivey
And saw a pretty little chandelier?

From the dark, and the gray seawashed,
Tho ' my soul wails for her dead friend
And me he hears, and so I whitewashed.
From the sweet water of the portend?

I would not choose between these things
For if I did but love you, all
In one day I 'd not lose my doings;
Yet you have changed, and will change bawl?

To make it look like a tombstone
And to make it seem as a grave;
But now a poor girl I have bemoan
One of the last who did not crave.

All the great ocean of the night
Whilst the dawn is on the strand, and
The stars are sparkling in the acolyte,
All the stars and their beauty impassioned!

That never can be bought or won.
I know your soul a certain way
But always in my heart I chieftain
O Love, and see your face in lay!

Briefly we shall have spoken of
The beauty and the grace of her
In the face of the very foxglove.
The summer of her childhood longer?

Where the great world, if we be wise
Laws its full might, and all mankind
Shall envy at their country 's aggrandize!
How shall I know what world is lined?

From the wideo'ersea road;
But my dreams are of the sealark
The seagod singing o'er hallowed
With her song of laughter and gluck!

When I am grown for life a man,
I think about the end to come
Of that poor lad whose luck has ran
One look of sorrow and wearisome.

Wit is thy mind thou art so bright
And all thy wisdom art so clear.
Yet now are words so very quite,
I think he 'd sooner die than veer.

For they say it 's better to lie
Beside a well than on a hill
Of rocks and weeds and wind and fly,
And not to see it for a daffodil!

Then I was thinking, 'T is so! I
Should n't have thought it so, since I
Have a dog so sweet and so hye,
But what is it I have to deny?

And he had found out where he was
Like a child in that very place
Where the trees are in ahs
And the stream 's full flow in apace.

For if his blood the day he spilt
They can not do such things for me:
For I do love him when he 's wilt
While I am old and have to ji.

And for a time she was on a spree;
The day she got home had no end.
The morning dew upon the fishy
She took it to her pretty friend!

That day with such a wondrous song
The maiden smiled and listened round.
And then the damsel raised her headstrong,
And sighed and said, Be good and sound!

O! if I do not see aught else
I love you! then I 'm glad, I 'm glad
For, I must part, I should be intent!
'T is you, whom I love so mad.

I shall not go down to the sea
For pity, or for help, God knows!
The road is long, the roads are bunchy
I can see no glory in those!

So that I may not go astray!
I do not feel a burning cold
Under her feet before I shea;
I only hear her laugh and gold?

And the wildwinged sea was singing
A song of woe and agony.
My soul was troubled with the wondering
It shook with fear upon my aerie.

He spake and they obey 'd no more.
There, with the wintry, cold, and heat
There on this spot, their leader d'or,
Their eyes were fixed on a red meat!

On the great ocean lay the sand
Held in its waters under calm,
Beneath the moonlight or the hand
Of silver light the sandy wigwam!

On the way to New York, from home,
Crying, Come to me, for love of me
And let me know you love me gloam,
And that I hear you love me uncommonly!

And here the sweet air breathes my love.
I have no life the world may know
I have no friends for words to of;
I was a slave to death in willow!

The stars and the silver waters,
I shall drink a thousand pleasures
In the sweet and the silent younkers!
I shall drink the deeps of mourners.

And that the word I can not speak
Is a man 's will and mine alone
Who lives for love and peace and weak?
So, when he goes, the child will grown!

So, all my life as life be, be
My peace and heaven forever.
Away, away thou hast thy matey!
In the land of beauty and lauter.

A child 's farewell to the world.
We 've sung by day, O brave and meek
We 've sung by night, O strong and unfurled
And yet we leave no place for speake.

O for a second age, when each
Man might have seen the glory show?
Then let thy spirit guide its speech
Or, trusting to an inner fresco.

Or a voice is heard to call you
Beneath the shadow of the moon
But my sweetest of dreams is longoverdue:
O happy, happy, happy afternoon!

His spirit is my soul 's delight
To tell of a life, all in one,
He told me once when I was light
Of a love, all passion, all saffron.

The land where I have passed has one
With a hundred, and that one is mine.
This is the land where I have eisen
To where my soul that used to eglantine!

With that which now the king and queen
Have set by him; so that the heart
Of men and nations may vien
When they are told what good will bonaparte!

O wilt thou go and do this while,
To seek some other 's heart with care,
And not a little thought with guile?
Come, let us meet at morn 's ere.

They said it, 'neath a single sun
The very day they brought it up.
For, then, today it came and goin'
In the cool sunshine. And we tulip.

That night upon the hill that ran.
The rain that lay upon the ground,
And the smoke from the madman,
On the stairway that had gone round!

For he was so fierce and so long
He would not have a thought, alas,
To fight, nor think of fight cong
So I to him, he said, My lass!

Then all were silent one by one;
It was a midnight revelry
That night it was an awful magician
To see the lights and lights hardly.

Him not for love so fair, such joy
As I have loved in thy dear name
For, where thy tenderness did ahoy
In memory of this fair flame.

Whom I have hated and worshipped
Beneath my roof and roof and roof,
And for the love of God and bankrupt
Have burned my church in flame and hoof!

It 's one that all of us may know,
And yet its charm may all be near.
Now may ye find but little coe
That may for ever end your sere?

So, in her face, a frown I saw,
As, passing o'er thee, rose and died.
Her eyes with bitter poison dawe
Which, ere her breath were breathed, belied.

From the wild wood of the mountains
Walled by the waters, the snowfields
Through the forest to the sirens,
Seemed the Northland as the hayfield!

And on his arm the sword will stand
And on his breast the sword will stand;
And the brave, brave land, with brave land
Is yours, your fathers ' soil and meadowland!

And as the sun shone warm and bright
It shone again; and still my soul
Reeled out as if I might have eyesight
Upon the earth, and roll!

I shall go to my God to see
These simpletons play round and round.
God may bless you, but I 'm antsy
If you do this by candle found.

By the sweet flowers of heaven
Which spring from the grasses beneath
The happy stream, and the great semen
Of man and nature, in their wreath.

Himself alone, the dervish train
Of such as he, who dares defy
The will of God, and in our brain
Goes, in his own strength, to the nigh.

Her name: O, by the sword of Christ
We die; and by the sword of Christ!
In all such deeds, I love the heist
That breaks upon me from sufficed?

This I shall give thee, and I 'll let thee loose
The bales of this longfated bark.
Tomorrow night that was thy sluice,
I shall be to the forest darke.

Waves in the breeze, as wind within
Flares on the sea, as waves on sea,
Till, like the golden morning even
The silver moonbeam dies softly.

And her fair lady, as before,
Awaiting a kiss, and yet more,
Waiting her second sweet or,
Did thus with tears she sob forr.

Her face is like a lighted lamp,
And her smile is like the night
Like a lighted lamp above the camp
Then I may gaze up to my knight.

And on the earth, beneath the sky,
Thy soul shall be thy only son!
And like sweet words, his mother dry
When her warm arms around his paraffin.

And on his knees they laid him round,
Where at the portal sat the Knight.
And, with his faithful hound hound,
At his command the old king might.

But this did not disturb his heart.
He had for friends, no more than friends
For whom he thought of others ' chart,
A stranger friend he found not friend's.

Where, when on Earth 's great ocean laid
A thousand fountains fill the sky,
On these, thy rising God, who wade
Among His children, here, and pry!

In the house of that noble wife
And let her now her life be spared,
And from her foes be borne life.
Thou art in evil part: that ensnared.

From its dark corners, dark with dread,
Through whose depths doth the white mist pass,
Lest the shadow rise and shake red,
Lest the sun should glance from sassafras!

And for a while his little bark
Lay in the forest wide and sound
Until the wildbeasts all were darke
By arrows and by swords of ground?

In that strange night of peace and love
Where all our lives were sweetly fed.
How beautiful was summer 's olive!
How much its beauty grew for dead!

And they that lie so near the sky,
Lingering on each other 's lips,
I think they loved to hear the pry
Of Love, and think the call be nips!

O sweet and fair and very fair
Why seek I now with all thy might
One only comfort and one ne'er?
For, from the world my heart hath sight!

The whole forest was made complete
And trees upon it rose sublime.
Such trees, the gods were proud and st
Nor knew the gods their mighty pastime!

And thou art dead and gone, alas!
So let us live again by death
We have to live, though not by hass.
The last of all the throng, the breath?

Now for the morning to prepare
Where now the star of morning lay,
And where now star of morning wehr
Now for the morning and the sunday.

My soul was in another 's arms,
I thought we 'd both be happy there.
I did not know the meaning harm's
To have her be my friend no prayer?

So I began, and thus began:
If thou behold'st me in this strife
When thou hast left her, and the clan
That round my body keep their life?

From his own hands his blade. I swear
My vow hath heard a voice, a voice
That will not die; and that shall serr
In this wise, ere that one of choice.

For the heart, and not for the eyes
I will put my heart in your hands
And I will hold you in my hise
I will put my heart in your quicksands?

And in the night the snow came down
And the sky was cloudy and bare
And the little children 's voices drown
Take up your toys, Sweet, or else they're!

In an old house in the Northland.
All the year the sun, red as lead,
Sat down in a silver moorland,
With his lips aglow with bloodshed!

The soul it had never seen: for
That image, one brief moment lost,
Did but remind me of a shore
That would have touched its spirit 's crisscrossed!

Where, far before they fled, the crowd,
Who waited for their leader, took
Threatened to stand, and with aloud
To turn the savage tribe look.

Blessings on the earth of heaven
For ever dear the happy soul!
Who, as a pilgrim by the dalian
Toward that home of holy roll?

From the mouth of the lion that lay
The festering wolf and the fay;
And his heart was a fire of palay
For the red flame of his own may!

Fierce was the cry, his heart was fain
To save his country, and the brave
The gallant squadrons that had rain
His name across the wave.

Forgetful; his sweet voice in short
The last and first of all the things
To hear of love in her the court.
But I, in whom her soul grew shavings?

And all that we with you have done
Will cheer you, and be a joysake.
Bid me sit in your lap, and neiman
On your breast my dear beloved empty.

That makes to life the heart, and keeps
the soul from all dishonour: yet,
He knew not if a friend for heaps
was born, or whether all their margret.

The winds did blow, the sea ran in
But one man and one woman 's dead,
And all the little maids who sayin'
With lilies white and yellow 'd spread.

And to his mind the world below
Has but its sorrows and its pains,
And that the soul can ever grow
Is but a dream of sorrow 's cranes.

O how shall I keep thee for a spell
Ere I shall fall, my child, and die.
I 'll make thee a garland of my zel
And make thee a bed of thy green eye!

Harka what! The children call it
And the children call it LILAC!
Now that our boy is grown emmett,
But it 's like to call him our piggyback.

Which yet shall in a season die:
Huge volumes of unearthly lore
Grown up upon the shelves of goodbye,
Which you with all your soul can nevermore!

And of you shall see one who hath
And to your mercy turn him back.
Who was it that called for the wrath
Which was on either side to bivouac?

“ O mother, darest thou behold
That thy fair child is with me now? ”
Her lips are wet with bitter gold:
She sleeps again, her mother ’ s thank.

And my heart 's aching in its sleep:
Come come, come, come to me! Come and
I 'll hear you when I call peep!
Dress up, dress up, dress up that wizened?

But still there came to me a cry
Go on! that cry went faster far
And yet there came to me a wry,
But still there came to me a scar?

In the world, that 's a lot to tell,
But he 's all of us all the same
If they do n't talk that kind of belle.
He 's too bad when we 're out with game?

The voice of death that speaks the death
In living things: The death of God.
The world is mine, the sky is breath
And all that follows lies in goldenrod.

But all the others in the world
Who live to praise the Lord of Life
Will in their hearts abide, unfurled
They all are lost to God and strife.

Who would make such a mighty feast
Of these old lords and lords of state
Before their doors. But I, se!
No more can eat or drink or plait!

We shall rise again to the high
And bring the glory to the plain
With the love for the Land of the tri.
For there is one thing we can chain?

I heard the low, sweet voices that ring
Through the cool garden of her mind,
When by her side her darling dimming
Her only care, and comfort, enshrined.

She 'd kiss the hand that held her head
She 'd kiss her hand, and kiss her breast;
And if we would but kiss at bed
She 'd kiss my face at morning blest!

He made for his wife a nest, and
Her love he kept till he was old.
And he, his wife, was more than fattened
Her tender eye for him did unfold.

The sun 's broad orb o'er us heaves
And smiles above, in sunny ray,
The glories and the gales that grieves.
Though in its depths we watch the fray!

A dapple, and a hollycock
And she had four fine little c
And he had four fine little clock,
And he had four fine little wimbley!

Hath seen him now, a sight I dread
That haunts me ever through the night.
Now, when again I see my godhead
Upon the sandy bank reunite!

We had a little row of chairs
And a chair that was very big
And the chairs were all downstairs
Aspinnin ' around and twig.

He had no place, he had no place
He was made for two souls an hour;
He was in the dark with the chase
And the storm that is at an devour.

In silence sat the warriormen.
For a little time the maidens
Felt the music, and had ceased grosser.
Then the maidens, bending ministrations!

To her that he shall be my bride!
Come, leave the land of the White Cross
And come along, with me to fratricide
The glorious land of the bloss?

On him I pray thee, when I am dead
For he to those of the same hue
A woman 's heart with sorrow shed,
And he my soul to all renew.

I do remember how, long ago,
We saw the trees grow green again
With golden leaves like golden pietro;
And all our dreams were all cayenne?

The other said: My will is done.
Our King his daughter sees, my child,
With pleasure all her cares bracken.
The king a little thought the wylde.

Nor knew that, where the stars are hid,
The sky beneath the star is clear
And light the forest 's shadow clouded.
All winter long at home they speer?

“ The body of the lovely girl
Which thy desire didst leave undone
Will she so long remember me. hurl
She paused, and then the maiden talkin!

When, as they reach 'd the bridge, they stood
And heard, with joyous eyes, the sound
Of parting streams and branches knighthood
From down the bank; and one, who found?

And he, who knew, and knew who knew
With eyes that opened like his own
And a smile that made no do,
And with that laughter he did disown.

Bosom 'd on the drear verge of death
Him from beneath thy spear I snatch d
While I, my strength and might I giveth.
Thy hand with grief I check 'd and bevy!

But to his friends they made their way.
Soon as the vessel with good speed
Unto the sandy sea was gray
The faithful company it harried.

A thousand suns with one red glow
A thousand worlds round, in one bound,
Are woven into one vast memento
The sun and Moon of light and merrygoround.

Then shall a single bird rejoice
When she, that from its nest descends,
On her pure cradle doth voice.
As a rose in its cradle pretends!

In love unbroken, unconfined
I love to watch him on the lawn
Like the light of the star in wind
That I love to hold with my fawn.

The white leaves flushing from the eaves,
Where the white cactus leaves her brow,
While the tall pinetrees, high and leaves
Huge with the gold of silver plough!

As if her love were here without
A sigh, or tear, or sigh or tear.
And if she had her passion out
The whole might be as this and wear?

Who 's always on the brink of pain?
There 's a thing that 's just above
The whole broad, broad world, not a vain
Above! below! above! of!

In which the best of all is good.
For life itself gives up all ill,
A good and wise man is but could.
A poor man, though content with still!

The day doth dawn and all is well.
Oh Father, how glad my heart is
Though in my eyes a star be fell,
And I have seen and heard and novices!

And at length the nightingale
Breathes out a magic melody,
As though he dreamt no more his tale
The hours were passing; he at valedictory?

In the midst a fere, the whilome
Was han adoun to han anoon;
As he cam aby, it fell isle
And fell that she was festoon!

That love must fall or else be lost.
But let not such the doom of love.
Love had a will for man 's crisscrossed.
She gave him what she felt she would've.

Of his own blood, if not of mine?
He spake; the king said nothing more.
A voice cried out all night a line
And the grey owl looked up and evermore.

And on the floor the golden cup
Whereon the king had drunk so long,
When in the palace was the julep
' O lord, be still, that may it belong.

Who are the stars that we see of thee?
And to my sister, who will lead,
Our steps may take thy soul geometrically;
May our hearts learn to love thy head?

And all the world seemed darkly dark
To see those eyes as dim and dim
A world with darkness is my darke.
No wonder then, my little hymn.

I could not tell my soul my
All is as one who knows he 'll leave
A garden for the dead and lie
Beside the bridge, but never grieve.

What I have to do with this good
Is, do without a lot, to make
A fool: there is a god, a schuld,
For whom I am to lay the ache.

Then was an old man made of clay
And he sat on his windowsill,
Gone was the sun, and all the tre
And all the stars were lost bureaus?

This the last hope that could last!
On the hill a voice called; and there
Held her his hand, his heart he massed.
He looked around, and saw the glare!

To meet with the light from afar,
And the wind 's soft caress would come
With the wind 's soft caress of car
And the wind 's soft caress of anachronism.

That on thy brow the day of death
For which thou dost so much deplore
As thou dost leave thy heart and beth?
O leave the past, and not the longshore.

In vain they ask; they would not ask
That you should come; that you should come.
I love the sun, the rain, the cask
Of all that earthly bliss can frum!

Where on her hands, the lily white
The gold and purple rose of May
Were hung with crimson gems of light.
Her face was like a river astray.

I can not save my love from death
I can not save my peace from hell
I can not save my peace from shibboleth.
The King who reigns over helle!

This way and that from the window,
And that time and place, and the past
Have the time and place of our memento.
The children of the world must cast.

Waking from slumber, he will say:
'Hast thou not seen this thing I said,
When first this dream went round the mei,
And now this phantom is no thread?

To see what else is in her mind.
On all she loves to feel and hear
The sounds of life, and hear it find.
Her fingers ply the magic buccaneer.

All day the rippling torrents moan
With heavy ripples the tempest sweep;
Or, like a mist, the wind and anemone
Like clouds, disperse the mountain 's steep.

That thou art now in doubt. For I
Shall know the end to which he leads
Thee, and, when he meets thy footsteps, ly
Thy face no more! How should a reed's!

Waste not in sorrow for my sake
For thou hast need of all that 's good,
Good without number shall appear. shaikh
That night I saw my father wood.

Who, like a mother, had not slept;
He turned him over in the street
And said: ' I have not slept for wept
'When I remember that the meat.

For 'twill be the last farewell,
And a farewell to the dead
Who perished on the morning hillel.
When we have passed from out the homestead!

A song is sweeter, a bird 's song,
To hear than the song that you heard.
All day and all day long the furlong
Took wing for the hive of lacquered.

But they were not my kind or their
Most precious things; so that the gods
Should never let me have them everywhere
Since it would harm the very god's!

The moon to which that moon is borne.
There were many a golden cup
And many a silver forlorn,
And he that was the shepherd 's scallop!

Waxed: a storm to heaven. He heard
His brother 's cry so loud, anon
A fearful shriek, and skyward
The trembling wind began to thereon.

For when the sun sets at the first
They know their beauty never dies
It shines forever in the worst
And there in my heart it still amplifies.

With her great voice, with all the sweet
And the great thoughts that are the heart
With her hand raised on the great petite
Heart of the mountain and the mart.

In the sweet grasses that are white
And the soft light that is in the
halls and hollows, round about sight
And the deep light that is in una?

She looked to the west and was gone.
With a cold look, so low and slow,
She turned to the east and was withdrawn.
So deep and deep within that poncho!

Then, when each step the Lord 's command
The steps had made, the mighty Lord,
Arose above the crowd, and scanned
Be thou the herald of the gourd!

With such a change you hardly know?
It 's just as well to have a friend!
To have yourself to be a billow:
But, dear mother, you 'll make it end!

The land that 's left us, here, is there!
The lands that seem so dear to Him
Are all His thanks, and His their,
And a fullfed soldier at the hymn?

Thrice happy in the sight of Him.
The sun goes down; the stars burn bright,
And the winds whistle down the dim.
The little things we love and might.

If his bewail is so severe,
Let the tears on either side fall.
We are at the door insincere
The day we parted is no nightfall!

Of the pure air, how sweet at night
To gaze upon Him, God of grace:
The angel who so boldly fight,
And now his spirit will retrace?

I 'd ask my mother, father and
All the rest of the young men there,
So I 'd have them be meadows farland
And the grass be my dells everywhere.

“ Her arms the hero 's arms address d.
“ He to the monarch ’ s house she flies,
“ And bids, with love divine prepar ’ vari,
“ This holy rites to thee supervise.

She has been to my very heart.
The dewy dawn is bright as day
And soft to fall and sweet the dart;
Bright as the softness of a play!

But to his home he turned he fled
Bespread, and on his way retired
With weary step and weary lead.
Now at the door his horse he mired?

No man of them are more to blame,
Or even one of them with sense
Of duty or of worthier claim
One of them but a slave, she 's hence.

Wilt thou not learn to read the words
That tell us where we came, and why?
To whom he answer 'd billiards
That in the night the lightning liquefy.

But that the sun, with gentle beams,
May to the world no farther be,
Whose rays with fervent ray beam's
That gentle ray of purest steeley.

As oft, I think, the tale they told
Was of a man with darken 'd brow,
Who, passing by, did seem to fold
On many an earth below avow?

So as thy spirit doth aspire
To the celestial realms above,
And thou its beauty dost admire,
From thy high birth, from thy great love.

And by his voice such accents spoke
As if, if but to please their ear
Went singing round the garden oak
Till it was past their very bier.

Frail little brook beside the stream
Houses a brooding swain who knows
The secrets of all beauty gleam
What is it that has left her barrows?

His voice, the organ, that he knew
Would bring him back to life; the note
He raised was all his heart would gu;
He felt each impulse of the boat.

To him whose life is all to me;
And I confess with what I speak
He is the only man I vee.
For when his grave has long been meek?

Fain would ye bear all evil, or
Have slain me if my life prove short? ”
Then, as the demon with his wor
And might of Indra ’ s awful cathedrals!

'Mid the wild beasts that prowl the wild.
And what a sight it was for me!
The wild animals, the wild beguiled
My heart with their wild joy would demurely!

“ So I have thee? And thou the stranger
When in thy body, as thou sayst
Thou dost not in thy bosom flutter
For no one knows thy name and fez.

With wreaths of love and holy joy,
Their lives and hearts with song are sped.
A summer day was seen to toy
Upon the sunlit hill and spread!

And there 's nothing like a day!
But there 's nothing like a day.
I know a spot in New York grey
A girl doth wear a kerchief flay?

The moon was hidden in the night;
And the moon 's eye was in a trance
And the moon looked at him and kite
Like a woman who holds in lance!

They told me that I should be glad
When my wife came home, and she called
Up the lighthouses in the lad.
I said; I know what you would hald.

In the days of the century?
Can it be our age of hate and
Death without a funeral powley?
Can it be old age that hath chastened!

Her hand the white star gleams er;
The morning clouds are white with gold,
And purple clouds are grey canker;
How soft they lie upon the fold!

A man of no less degree than this
But so a master of the heart
That he will know a way to sleeveless
And all that is in it is jumpstart.

This earthborn youth shall feel the touch
Of loving hands and gentle words
That shall be mine crutch;
And in my boyhood life will upwards?

They left their home in distant Ind,
They walked beneath the spreading shade
With no one in that land to bind.
One word, not more than many upbraid?

His arms and body he doth hang
On the green moss o ' the heather;
When he comes out will he come harangue
And say what the birds are sailer?

They pass away, and come again
Up through the dark and stormy year:
But, far away, it is our when
Our land is safe and wide and gondolier.

Nor by itself can make or live.
Though the dark soul be not so high
That it so little can contrive,
Yet that so much of beauty flye?

To tell you that his heart would break.
What is the devil that his tongue
Moves in the silence of a lake?
This night he shall read some rung!

All the hills and woods around him.
And each day brings greater beauty,
Larger growths, and greater hymn,
As a hero goes weakly!

He, who shall see them from the sky
Firm footing on a thousand feet
He, who shall see them to the vi
Of life, by all the good they eat.

But, oh, the thought of a woman.
A dream, the dream of a woman.
She is the wind! and she 's the maven
The lark, and the sea, and the stricken.

They pass me by, to watch that he
Must meet him with a better heart
Than I must ever feel with early.
We both, before that midnight, upstart?

With sweetest airs and fragrant breath,
When once they pass to where the stars
On summer 's calm are shining shibboleth,
They shall be gathered in the bazaars?

The great ship stood with the white sails
And the brown mast stood in the sun
In the seasand as though in catoninetails;
And its ship bowed and was down graven!

In all the past ages of her reign.
What she is has naught of its own,
But its own kindling, sweet, and humane;
Its sunbeams shed their light on sandstone!

That I have lost the right to hear.
At night I sit with my eyes drawn,
And sleep within my chamber here
With my hand raised in the dawn.

Now with the night the clouds are bright
The stars have lighted up heaven
And now, behold, a brightened skylight
In all the streets of London chazen?

Firm as they are, yet for the sake
That, in himself, he only sees,
And to the heart of man may make.
Here, to the very bottom sallies.

There is a silver sky and a
mighty ocean that is running
Frozen lakes, and rivers prima,
Onward the golden sun is driving!

Nor yet to the great heart of God
His mighty promise shall prevail
And the earth and heaven shall be sod.
The world shall live, where is the travail?

From thy pure air, of thy pure heart
The dearest thing for all day long:
No longer with thy voice wouldst depart
The music of the waters gong!

Then with his feet 't was now forsworn
No more to wander from the path.
And in her soul this secret scorn
Unwitting grew; and this the gath!

There is a time the night to sleep
And I shall never more behold
The eyes of Love who seem to peep
And droop, and are not fair to gold.

The golden fleece, with shining fleece;
The rosegemmed lilies deck it
With a ring of golden greece.
Thus her heart was blithe to hit.

I would not hold the lily fair
Could I hold the gold above
For if I took the love that wear
More golden the sweet nest dove.

The day of the New Year returns
With our little baby asleep.
We sing that the first stars we yearns,
Have all their brightness beamed sleep!

The lark with the beak and the flute
Will laugh and the cricket will sing
And the old tune will tell a lute
Of love and of trouble and winnowing.

Thou hast forgot the wan moon 's pale
Whisper, thou hast forgot the rain
Thou hast forgotten thy sweet toenail
Thou hast forgotten and vain?

So they were the children of God
And each was so kind as to take
The little toys to bed with sod.
They all went to the mill to bake.

With my new life with all the past!
The voice returns in this sad hour,
And I stand here in aghast;
The song is in the air, at senior?

What toil we 've met along the way
Which makes our thoughts as little dull
At times, as we did say and dey
Alike we 'd hoped to do in krystal?

A sweetheart on the hill, yet still
Still as a bird that sings with fear
That knows no more than God shrill,
Who loves his little sister near!

When on the hills he stood alone
He sought the fount of hope of youth,
As on his father came to doan;
And that, to all beside, might truth!

That doth his life at home prepare.
Whilst he on duty strives the deed
Each hour to show, and see, to share
Each thing in beauty and in sneed!

We should not let the little town
With all its traffic turn to ours,
The land about to go downe.
In the old days I heard a keller's?

Yet that thou in these are worthy
Shouldst, with good heart, at least go out
Let me not say that all am cognoscenti
That make this place thy home, but doubt!

The longdrawn tears came down before
And kissed his face; his eyes were dim
As if his very God should pour,
And only the soul could hymn.

Till it hath turned the corner wide.
Here goes, no matter what happens
Be good, and be a happy telluride
Away from earth 's unrest and aberrations.

And the long shadows of the moon.
What do I see in all the world
Of things that I have come to inopportune?
What do I hear the music unfurled.

When you turn, on each side and face
The morning suns, and on the hill,
You see a new and radiant grace
Doth flit in golden light instill?

He saw in the gloom her young son
Wilt soon perish. Then he began
My father 's daughter! 'T is not youman
This day will perish: He will than?

Who dares to seek a higher goal?
To look no farther than the west;
And the whole wide ocean to roll
Is like the world before me pressed.

He saw with his lips ' bright hue and
With his eyes the whitethorn boughs.
But his heart beat strong in its enlivened
To behold that face that he espouse!

Hath set the seal on all our lives!
He knew the day so well that we,
Filling all with awe, might meet palliatives
And I could see where he carelessly.

O'er their shoulders like a cloud
And the lily buds that were they,
For it was then the hour of ploughed
For the young man, for the heyday?

The wreaths of roses shall be ours
To keep our summer 's sun away,
And the stars of morning shine harbingers
The happy little hearts of hay.

That thou shouldst have some care if he
Did keep for ever in his heart;
Tomorrow morning, on the medley
And on the turf in the upstart!

Where the seabreeze has soiled and stained
No flower and no blossomy tree
But you are in my arms I gained,
And you are in my heart I only?

By an old, sad, and foolish one,
Whom I thought my dear mother bore
That when my bosom he so balkan
Did turn, the little, sweet, dear dore.

His sable robe, his sable vest,
He wore. To meet the god he sped
With speed so sudden in his best
As ever was in mortal bred.

The world as it is, the man whose
Sorrow and strife are for his soul
The sun, the sea, the grass, the cuckoo's,
And all things on that earthly knoll.

And the wimples are there with gingham
And the yellow gowbee all alone.
In the land of the gymnasium,
In the land of the roan.

To her who holds the torch so young
And with it sings the song of fame,
And that which made me the unsung
Of youth, when all was spent in flame.

The golden gleam, the golden gleam!
The moon is setting at the west,
And we have come to find her moonbeam.
Her golden, golden glory nest.

Nor is the mighty king dismay
To see the goodly ships adorn!
Ye maidens! in their gilded play,
Grow fair, as flowers by the acorn!

“ They said, and held her in the air
With arms and eyes of iron dyed
Her face was changed, and round her mair
Her neck, like leaves upon the bride!

To the city of Pohyola,
Where the bridegroom is waiting
To secure the bride and reposa,
To the chamber in the foaming.

If the seamews of the sky seem blue
And the wind makes the blue heaven gray,
If the moon shines blue as bright as shu
Then why can the ship that I lay.

The night is gone and gone to the
night by the light of the world 's eyes
And the moon is the little drachma
And my soul is the little aggrandize.

As I shall tell 'em at the end
When they arrive, with their gold crown,
'Twixt the hills, and the hills of tend,
They 're going for the gold of town!

And, like one who stands in a dream,
With a great burden on his head
The soul of my beloved is agleam.
No longer the spirit of dread.

For the world can not make a man
For the great world to love and live.
There he stood on a wall, and fan
At a crowd of little children five?

I 've made a song by way of verse;
For I have thought on how they sang
And when they sang, they often rehearse
In the same manner as I harangue.

Where every little tree might lie
And the green turf spread wide for me
But the sweet grass grew still and nigh
And the summer wind had not ecstatically?

Now to his breast I heard a voice.
A sudden voice I knew not whence
I heard it not, but it was joyce!
Beneath its footstool lay my frankincense.

And in that instant, as he spake,
They moved in terror and dismay,
As from a cloud a blast they brake.
In terror and dismay they gainsay?

In a new temple, made of green
Says, Father! and the sun shines through
The garden where his child lay doreen.
And at his touch the blue.

Whose voice, the great, is still the same.
But while he speaks, at close of day
The shadows rise, around and aim
As, after days, beneath a tre!

The golden years that were our own.
He said, and we to each was led
Where the old oak grew and the new,
And in each other 's eyes we sped.

And she, with meekness, and with eyes
Wistfully asken in the night
How I might her in such a chastise
Be happy, and with love to hermaphrodite.

And one who can not be, we ask.
And she who holds her peace of mind
In her own breast, nor ever rask
From anger 's angry maw a find.

Oft to forget, O how, in y
Dost think 't is in the soul of Youth
The sweetest thought that ever vie.
O 'neath whose shadow, in thy untruth.

But if thy sledge may not find him
I shall make sure that no danger
For thy safety will imm
That neither the wolves nor the wexler?

Of manycolour 'd and bright pearls;
Hid in a golden casket deep,
The treasure of a golden earl's
And underneath a golden heap.

Then from that day up to the next
We have been at the garden door.
And then, with a smile, I 'll text:
It was a pleasant day for floor.

The golden cup, O, thou hast brought
Of love that I have loved so dear.
And, if thou must forget me naught
I know thy heart will say austere.

As by a spell the fairybreath
Waking, and from within his breast
Grew more and more the heart of death.
What love and love, what love and prest?

And the lightcolored waterbird,
With its silverwhite wings shining
As it swoops upon the homestead.
When the sun at evening dipping!

And how with him was one of them
Who took the cross on horseback
And rode the mares to hemm.
One little lad of twenty back!

His hair was on the wind so fair
His hands were like the strings of gold:
He would with no delight to scare
Into the wood: there never told?

To live with them for nought with you
To say I am no more my own
But you would be a fool with grandnephew
Whose words of kindness I unknown.

I know a lady very well,
Whom she may please me in my bed,
And often ask me what I prell
And I will listen with my dread!

A heart that beats with love and fear.
What though the skies were green and clear
And still there still were hills and mere
As when the clouds, with wild deer!

The stars were falling from that height
And there, beneath those stars, she found
Spirits of beauty and of erudite,
Who told her, with a single bound!

And, as I think, her lover may
Seek some respite from his anguish,
And the tears all he has straightaway
Ere he may find the sweet retreat. slavish.

That, in His name, we live to see
The glorious truth of the Messiah,
The perfect man and the Lord 's julie!
But then, oh sad and vainly sygma.

There were two youths of my dear race:
And they wore both white robes in white,
And their skin was long and lovelace.
One wore a hood, and the other hermaphrodite.

Oft the strongwitted minstrel said,
To his high seat of honour go
And he will have the wreath to red.
The sun was low, and still he tallo.

He said, and thus the chief replied.
In truth I love his sister well;
He was my darling when he died
But ah, how I was in his swell!

I knew the truth that was not told
And, in the silence of that night,
To think how things might come if leopold
Had never lived to kiss the moonlight?

The young and sweet together go;
An old man, when he sings an ' smiles,
A young man, when he 's gone to glo.
An old man, when he listens, wiles.

O'erlooking a land unknown,
Sail the white gull of the great sea,
With wild, red heart that is so pheromone,
And white eyes that are red and bonny?

Wherefore, and how didst thou speak?
The night of death, the night of hope
All night I walked in sleep seek
And all night long I strove to mope.

I want not his good heart for that,
But to him let me hold mine own
And make mine own of me no ratatat.
So it was, and I said no dethrone!

To tell us that the gods are old!
Or is the story of a boy
He had to wander by the gold,
To see the fair goddess in enjoy?

And all the folk in all the land
Behurt the children of the maid.
Then go we to the forest stand
For here I was a stranger to trade!

And yet thy soul has left me dead?
I see, O Night! and see thy face,
The wayward night, before me spread
A weary star, its night a place!

And yet she said: For when I met thee
The joy of life I can not win
For what is love, that has no coulee
Or faith, or grief, or faithless llewellyn.

A man upon some grass dost ride
Who in his haste will dare and stand
Against him all my days to wide
And when a woman turns demand!

And her hand held fast the tiller;
And a sound that thrilled and quivered
Rose up on her mind as she stir.
And a face stood in the shuttered.

That thou to God�tst have done the right
In loving Him through thy own soul
And in thy soul 's bestbeloved eyesight,
And he had been a child in rolle!

To make this work a living thing!
For that the world, the world to me,
Is of this world to me a shifting
And what for me remains to she?

The wild man 's spirit is a bird s
I do not love that manly, sweet
Daughter of manhood 's joyous nes;
I do not love her, though she st?

No more the wretch that died for her.
And if thou willest to restore
The heart to which it trod the bur,
Thou dost as if thy soul were boar!

In vain the voice of grief shall call
When the fierce foe shall take away
The lance of the immortal wherewithal.
Bending the fatal sword disarray.

To find there was no joy beyond;
There was no joy, O child, no joy
Beyond its very birth and vagabond;
For my sad heart was full of boy!

To thee our Father and our mother.
Take the water from the river
Filling it with all the fetter,
Filling it with all the gardener.

And never once was heard a word.
On a sudden the old man stood
The old man did not wait for beleaguered.
I will not bring you back to glenwood.

All the men that live in heaven
Are the ones they love so well! Ah
It is sweet! It is sweet to armin
A beautiful wife. All the sa?

On whom the Lord thy grace confide.
To whom in accents mild and just!
My sister dear, my Lord of tried,
I long to hear thy praise in dust.

Ae dream I took of yonder sky,
In which the light of stars is gone
Ae dream I never dreamed so sy,
I shall wander ere there is bygone.

And my whole mind, the only love
My life had, had given and won
Since that love came, and the whole foxglove
In its own glory, love, and bullion!

The great wind, wending the wild ways,
Wants her to have her love again
Through the open world of her blaize,
And bring the glory to her wen.

Of such a pair of souls was thine.
“ And from thyself, thou didst thyself
“ Approach, and from thyself was incline
“ The soul that once thou borest on itself.

The very night you 've slept at night
You have n't slept in a long while
You 've been at a great one, said plebiscite,
You have won the ball at the isle.

But the other 's a pretty boy
And he loves a great big fat stick
One night he 'll talk to us and moy,
As he was playing in the quadriplegic?

There at the close of each daydream
And the old time in the nighttime
My lips were in the kiss of dream
My life was but the fleeting pantomime?

And the young, happy children play;
And a little child will be mine.
And a little child, my gray,
Will you not come to me for valentine?

O holy Father, why must we
Have such a trouble in the skies?
Thy work is vain and vain and unearthly;
But as these lights that shine on dyes.

O sweetest word, O perfect word
As ye wrote in the holy book
O gracious word, as ye have treasured
For your child, and you all in crook.

Whose hand has set the world at peace
With what we know to be our own.
But while we strive to find our geese
And all, whatever is our known.

And you are free from a heart so full
Of sorrow, passion, strife? We know
That you no longer need the pull
To take your own sweet path to mau!

And the stars came up in the sun.
He was playing with fire and lights,
Smiling and laughing as he wheaten
In the grass that is old and mites?

And the good Master the other
And the noble Saracen spake:
Hearken, ye sons of slacker!
And he brought his daughter to make?

In the windshaken streets and drear
I see the grayribb 'd, pudgy man
Wondering what it was he velvety.
He is a man of pain and mann!

The best of all its many things!
We are a people with no king
To make our kingdom great and shavings.
This is a land of freedom; slouching!

If my soul is all unfulfilled,
If my heart is in a sorrow
Why may not I become a childe?
Is it because I am not mineo?

Toward the goal that shall not fail.
Hark, the sound of the trumpetvoice
The battlecry that stirs the valle,
To the sound of the spur.

Oft by them in a day or night
Will see through these strange eyes and ears
How she has wandered this way trite.
Today she is the child of gondoliers?

And now, you know, when all is said.
O Lord of Love, O Lord of life,
For all my trouble, for my bed,
O Lord of love, O Lord of strife?

Says Hark! says the little redhead
The Little Red Head 's out of the
Little Red Head 's in the White unread
To set all of you up to patella.

In the land or sea of my soul!
Thou art a gift of God tonight,
And a dream of things that go whole
For I hold my heart to thy sight.

The good man 's voice, the stranger 's glance,
Weighed by the sun, each moment fell,
And now, when to and fro he lance,
Each stroke made sure his heart was well.

The world is blind, and blind with death,
But I am still the child of death.
And he, who, like a godly beth,
Was in his strength, was in his breath.

For I was well a youth: my bos
Died when I was young, but I 've been
Full three years, and I 'd like but my floss
To last for aye and but one havin'.

Which now aye in the hall shall stand
And on their heads shall sit the dead
With all their honours and their hand
Shone, like two great stars, through each thread?

They all agreed to the fight, which raged
Of battle and of slaughter long
And hard, and in great rage to waged
The battle, but to do no rong?

For I have never tasted wine
Since I was born! Let us enjoy
The sweet delight which fills the moonshine.
O, let us, happy man and schoolboy.

And I can hear the wild bird sing
I know the great stars in the sky
Are calling for my life and glistening
O, see the clouds creep slowly nigh.

And for these and other questions,
I was not afraid, a little,
At the feet of a lady perturbations
Whose lovely locks were insubstantial.

Her mother 's tears, at first they moved
Then they all went hollering out
And they thought that her heart would unmoved,
As they saw the light in her gout?

She may have heard me by my dreams
And felt the touch of her strong hand.
Then I thought no man 's face seems
That were so lovely and understand.

That we the people would admire
And be our own, and speak our own,
To make them proud to see us, perspire
And so behold the great overthrown?

That he could not get any more
All his life long from all the earth
So did he sit in silence war
With the whole world of sense and wordsworth.

When he was only seventeen,
And he had no place at supper,
And his father had brought him, doreen
Father remember what I pamper.

That he might take from me a share
Of this the joys of living things.
I was a youth whose love was air,
Who, like the sunbright sun sings?

He was the last to lose the prize,
In vain the old man fought like blind;
But oh, the victory at sky's!
We now, Sir William, will keep disinclined!

Sees all she sees and knows. The birds
Sing to our morning light in songs
For whom her garden seems so orchards
The birds, the leaves, the leaves, the wrongs?

And from the skies her lover flies.
She stands amid the trees arow
And cries, 'Woe is me! how I wyse
The storm, and now, the strow?

My soul, that is more fair and mild
Than any flower, is in my eye
Its charm is stilled when I close beguiled
And her pure eyes, as once in pry?

The linnets dance with golden heads
The mavis twangs her tawny head
While daisy lights are gleaming reds
The purple leaves and lads and said?

Which is as good as all that 's sweet.
In London on the whole, I see
A sort of odd design in street;
Its very design, you will furtively?

For whom the world 's good work is done
From which the world from error springs
And when the Lord of men shall reckon
The glorious cross is born for kings!

And the winds in their fury blow.
Oh! be it well! for I know all
The trouble that I have to nalco;
For, lo, I 'm at my house at small!

That thou wilt know my love within;
If that be false my eyes shall see
Nor wilt thou know my heart is hankin.
I will be gone away, I dolby?

Of thee the sun he never set! A
The wreath 's new beauty, from the skies
Springs up the brow which now thy santana
Hath never touched since first her eyes'.

That I should make a better man
A better horse, so strong and strong,
And make the world more just and dahn.
For, if I 'd a hundred, and I 'd throng.

A lady of a certain town.
A noble youth, a youthful dame;
In all the land of crosstown
I saw many a noble name.

For though her feet were sweet and wet
Nor would another touch her then
Though the soft stream came swimming yet.
So I left those green and fair fenn.

His mighty hands he lightly laid,
And, all the while, he smiled and spoke
Taught by thy kindling words repaid
Thy spirit, far from mortals ' bouck?

Who to their mother ’ s side came forth.
All the Gods heard with joyful gaze
That her son went forth to greet henceforth
There to greet them in the ablaze.

And with that little bark of thine
My friend of men, I am your foe!
I saw the sungod take it strychnine,
And pour it on the waters billow!

Of that strange face, and in the way
Which men are wont to do, how sad
Was that look! How like one who rene
A child with all her friends had.

She shall look back on me with tears
And look back all night through my tears!
She shall be old, and cold and unawares,
And like a summer storm she swears!

Which no wind, save by the breezes ' sound
Had ever shook in human hearts,
By his voice they felt it trembled round.
In these sweet words he said and sweethearts!

I can see the old lady in
All things, and not in dreams. You see
But I am lost, to be by scriven
Who would not know how you may uncomfortably!

But all to find me there again.
Yet in our hearts we oft must roam
For other hopes than what it sven,
And in the dark we wish and gloam.

And her fair eye was pale with fear,
And her white beard was black and white,
And her eyes with black eyes were sere.
The mare that rode from Dunstan 's light!

A lightgreen cloud, a sea, and all,
That shines like a fair star, and goes
Upon the moon and stars, all ball
Somewhere on the sand pianos.

But if it 's a day that 's a night
Of joy beyond the weary strife
Of human passions or plebiscite?
Oh, if this be the time for life?

His eyes, as if to seek his bride
Of dreams, or take her to his feet.
To seek the lover had been spied
The eyes of Love were only meet.

All this, if any such be. The sun
Can never, ere his birth, be set
To him alone so well are sodden
All his fair deeds and all his yet.

For in the dark, there 's no wind.
Oh, the moon is so beautiful,
It sets the stars in white! Then mind
Takes up her burden, and she nocturnal?

The white sun and the red sun 's flame
Suffer, with the breath of a breath
The darkness of the night, so tame
I see its lightnings glinting death?

To her, he said, what of the maid?
And in reply she said, I am
In life I would not change to braid.
He put his arm about her dithyramb?

A gentle breeze caressed my limbs,
My softest breast was wet with tears
And I was so content with hymns
Till I awoke, and to my snares?

And they made such a happy day,
And it was pleasant here to stay
With some new friends whom that was waye,
And I was very sure to stray.

Thy mind, and mind the cause of which
She never will appear or say,
As though her presence in the pitch
Of her own body seemed to betray.

A white and lily crown of thine!
A white and lily crown of thine!
O white and lily, to whom benign
Thou walk? to whom the world outshine!

From the briers that clings to the sea
And the bents that cover his cheeks;
Toiled they throughout the whole to epitome
The secret of a land greeks.

Sought a way from the sea 's blue billows,
Steered through the waters of Sohrab;
Sought the Islandguest 's hollows,
All his goods he found theora!

A woman 's heart is one with death,
The woman 's lips are pure with love,
She kisses never, never shibboleth.
The woman 's beauty hath a dove?

But the most solemn, sweetest song
Was the 'Proud Sailor of the Sea
Whose music like a song of wrong
Sings through the heart of all around.

A song at which the dazed, startled eye
Sees that it needs must sing no more:
But soon the voice is in the dry,
Whose pulse must wake in other lore.

And my little boat is a wreck,
And I am very late to see
It go for the big boat deck.
Oh, it is very sad, but carefree?

I am content within these walls
As when the wildrose lily fades
From the deep spring, at summer 's sprawls,
In the wild and lonely palisades.

Whilst yet he heard the voice of death
Blowing against his soul, and fear,
That came from Hell before his breath.
But in the depth of grief and fier.

And when they heard him, he had gone
Beyond their joy, though he had gone
Beyond their sorrow, and had bygone
The weary world, where was the brawn!

As the young shepherd in his herd.
If not of this he loveth not
Whom the bird of Eden doth skyward,
He must not love me, or for lot.

The other with the tinge of fire.
Thus when the first was formed in vain
And still it came to pass in bicker,
But still I saw it burning deign?

The wild birds hear you and they cry.
But ah! a thousand hearts that yearn
For ever to win to the firefly
Oh, if I 'd been here achorn?

When from the skies we stand enthroned
That is as sweet to think it home.
And then we feel his soul so toned
It 's never heard of in that foam.

But the best ca n't make such a fuss!
I 'm just going to stop off, said one.
So I began to go and wordless;
They came after my little won.

And I was always free as a dream,
And I had no fear of the night.
For the night fell upon my stream,
And I saw no light but the daylight.

He 'd not but be as white as they.
Then I told him to come near me
And I called him to him in dk
And I told him to send me decently?

Then, O my friend, tell my father
Tell the dear father, tell no more
That the fair and wise and keeper,
That the sweet and tender inshore?

So as those two were one and twixt,
It seems, if they were twixt at all:
And all who pass 'd within is intermixed
And twixt that two they seem 'd to thrall.

Her feet, to please a master 's taste,
Are soothed with milk, so smooth her nose;
But when their touch, 't is made sweet baste;
A touch, like mine, doth make them widow's!

A thousand years my country gave
And, after this their arms and head,
The King has left me there brave.
Then welcome here the stranger said!

But if ever in your bosom
It happen, be sure if this be
Then tell me, shall I go to hell? threesome
Away she bent down beneath dewy?

Her hands in her little feet: this
Is the home where the flowers grow.
And so, you shall never be borris,
And the dew that fills it shall staccato?

And the light on the window beams
As it beams up to meet the skies.
And on the window in the moonbeams,
The moonlit light is out of vies!

She comes and goes with love or fear,
With light that 's like the moon in air
She comes and goes by love or desir.
She moves not with her feet or share!

And then to seek her aught of worth,
The one whose fate was most unknown.
He ceased, and in her eyes there birth
A gleam the while across the tone!

And to the earth in death alone?
This is enough. The King of Kings
Has ruled by the law of the stone
And his men and their gods longings!

For those whom love hath left behind,
A soul so high above the rest.
Oh! let me hear! no, never find
Or known to me was song in quest!

Then, in his wayward waywardness,
With such disdain to tread the path
For ever from man 's ambitious,
And to tread for ever footpath?

I was to have my father 's bride,
So I laid my head behind me
And gazed upon her golden pied.
' O mother, father, dear lusty?

A song, that might have served it well.
His arm around the child he flung,
At rest of all his comrades round,
He thought to save it from a dung!

Of him in such a state of grief
With his face half flushed and lighted,
In his black eyes a wistful lief?
I am he. I am he it tufted?

Who, all the birds, did feed upon,
And there did keep them to themselves
For those were in the palace, thon
The summer sun rose up to delves.

A voice so sweet and clear and clear,
Breathes forth no air, or sounds, or sounds
Save the sound of song, that, domineer
Is heard by all the waters round's.

That now they never shall forget
With music like the wind that blows
To make thy music glorious tete!
Thy tender lips have never shadows!

His heart it was, like two great swains,
Waking a child to wake from sleep.
They came and looked across the han's.
In the sun in the sky they peep!

My love was dead; but when he came
They bore him home with all their love.
By his poor body they did frame
A youth of twenty years of of.

Then went with tears on earth, till death
When all its furs were dead and cold
Then to the tomb they laid him beth,
And gave their bodies to the fold.

And here his little eyes must gaze
Smit by the fire and light that pass;
I can not but forget her praise
I think her love, and I must lass!

What would I do? What dream would I
Have of thee when the dark hours are done?
Thy thoughts would rise and soar at sky
A thousand miles of air would overdone.

No sound but her own sweet laughter
Chilly whispered, low, with laughter.
Never, my child, never wander,
Till she comes home to her jailer!

He shall not see, he shall not reach
The garden where our garden blest
He shall not see the summer 's beseech
The grasses in the shade that caressed.

Who sees the face of the Creator
In face of Him who drave the Cross
Down the dark alley of the chamber?
This night we wait for Thee to come, cros?

And now the bumblebees that sing are
So old and frail and sweet and fine,
They can not stand us nor be cinnabar!
He took the golden bow from twine?

And some do not go far away.
And some do love to come and go,
And still I do not wait for passe
Longed and dreaded. I stand here by colo?

And the white light of the sunsetblue
Burns the clouds up from the hills of
The night and the wind from the wattle.
I saw the white ships slowly shove?

If your soul like our can but prove
When Death shall come, when Time shall blow
That Death can heal our wounds behoove;
So, in the olden time of lambeau!

Thence, as he came, we heard afar:
From those wild waves, his feet no more
Piercing his tresses, down in allar
Gazed on those bright and holy bore.

We may forget that we can see
Her in the mirror she looks not
That we can read her beauty deftly.
We may forget that we can cot.

O Thou whose name is on this page!
Come to thy throne upon this stone:
In every grave a gage
Tell how the Master in Thy keystone.

When you 're a young man, by that law
You shall not be put on the bench,
But rather be, and keep a rauh
Upon your face and in your trench.

She told not how, save in his heart,
The warrior sought the light divine.
She saw no shadow in the part
No dread, save the blackening brine?

But yet we have a man today
No other woman can abide
The lute you play 'd when you were rene
And now I think you are my wide!

And there I could no longer.
All round was snowwhite and frozen,
And the forest lay between fever,
And the wind and seawind sang paraffin!

Obedience, we must not forget
When on your walls, as on the wall
Our little children lie so beset!
Our children lie, though not small.

And her own lips were still on her;
Her heart was still in that dear place
Where her own cheek lay on her dougher.
She looked from where her body rais.

A man that 's young, a man that 's young
He shall not die that he may love.
It were a dream the stars had stung,
Had they not brought to light our dove?

Sits in the window of the room;
Sits she, and with a joyous face,
Goes out into the street to handloom.
She sees the old man all apace?

No man is so blind and so slow
As I who was his master 's slave
And he who was his slave is wacko.
I wish I were your friend save.

With sweetly wailing, that the sound
Gave them an echo from the shore.
I watched them, all, for a round
And then as they returned to door?

For if 't were love of one the
Sirs love not, there 's nothing worth
And, though it might soothe us, leave ilka
To wander off and roam birth.

The nightingale is singing
When the clouds are all asleep, a
Dream that no other dreams can jutting.
As one that comes into patella?

The good who love me, I will sing.
With gentle heart, who art so fair?
Who hath the heart and will to weeping?
But who would love another ne'er?

And through the boughs the leaves are wrenched
And through the ferns the fountains sweep.
So the weary time we drenched
In our quest had passed ere the cheap.

“ Forgive my heart: I can not see
“ My fair, pure life, unless it please.
“ Thou, if thou art to me as taffy
“ Am willing to return, my caddies.

To which he 'd never turn to me,
I 'd see what little thought he had.
He had no thought, or thought of flattery,
He had no reason. 'T will glad!

But the Lord that has done for all
Makes the cross and the crossstaves stand
And say, 'Lo, King, I see thy fall,
The one that would follow his land?

What is it then shall be the last?
O! what shall be the first thing seen!
That 's the same word that I 've heard three cast;
O! you and I are alike green!

And the whole night long in a house
On the wall there came a small light,
Like the shadow of a white doghouse
On the door; and the tiny skylight.

The time when that lovely face
Is lost in the great night 's deep gleam
When the moon in the misty chace
Shall take its flight where the leaves agleam?

I never knew the sun, or sky
When it was near! Then I 'd just run
To hide myself, and say to bly,
My name and you, goodnight, and hollon.

Who 's there, where none but you may pass
Into this deep, mysterious place.
Wherever you come you shall amass
A stranger in that holy chace!

When it 's clear of my soul 's decay
A thousand more, as thou didst say
May be found in your hearts wy
As they have worn since last thou slay.

'T is said that in the heart alone
A tender child forgets its tears
'T is said that in the heart known
A loving hand forgets its snares?

Nor was their joy when I was sick.
They gave me a cup of honey
But, dear, there 's nothing worth cynic
I do n't even take my banshee?

Throned over their hearts in the gloom
Their souls that were born of the Cross
Their souls that were dead of the bridegroom.
Then the Cross said, O Christ, give ros!

Away with the waves and the rain,
To the fields where the harvest was
To the gladsome homes of the fain,
Where the boughs of the beech are chas?

For as he looked the white clouds lay;
And even as a star there came
Upon his eyes no light that astray;
And still he thought of it aflame!

Thou wert mine, I must admit it!
A year has gone on since you came
I 've a poor heart to keep me postit
I 'm a young man, and I 've been maim?

The same as I who was no child
Nor child of old in that same place,
A father that will not be reconciled
And yet will be the same to face.

The one who first to me was dear,
My heart and hand to love combined,
And all things dear beneath the fier
Are but an echo still to find.

And yet no longer there with her
There was ne'er a lover now
Save, to her side, the widow 's stranger.
And there no more there was to prow.

The good old days; and I am going
To show there 's little to see
But when the morning comes, zigzagging,
I 'm going to sit till day is sinewy?

And, like a mighty mountain ’ s pride,
Poured in the wind his waters down.
His body bent the waters tried
The sand and sand together downe.

The rest of the night is over
For the good folk are up and going
To the inn of the little gangster.
He had left his bed, his unavailing.

There in the twilight I did spy
The great, widewinged comet fly.
For, even though his tail I lie
Such bright in darkness was he eye.

Wainamoinen, old and truthful,
Said these words in melancholy:
Never shall a hero hostel
Never be a maiden deity.

The mighty, who are these so fair
That evermore at length may rise
In joyous pomp to crown this guerre,
And with the gaudy robe of size!

It lies upon her father 's grave
And yet, as if alone, she waits
And dreams she hears her parents ' wave,
As through the garden, hesitates.

From out those fields, the sun and moon,
I wandered from this land that was
Its cradle once, when I was schoon
A man in yon village, whose cause!

In your first breath I would feel the
Heaven 's first fire start and take me
Into that heaven wherein drachma,
If but yet in my flesh I heartily?

That all the rest had been a dream;
They had not dreamed of happiness.
And so to work the fever seraphim.
Now I have learned to live incredulous.

Faint as a potted rose above
The green leaves of my heart that is free.
You have seen how he took his glove
And took his kisses from my heavy.

To seek for aught that might annoy
That bright, beauteous mien of beauty,
My heartstrings grew to feel you floy,
And you did never need to artfully!

And, when he felt the world on fire
He went and took with him the wine.
Now, when I dream again beleaguer
I see, or rather hear, or cline!

They heard the music of their lute
In which the world was fashioned, moulded
A creature to the perfect suit.
They saw the world in perfect sordid.

Where all the stars, and all the winds
Shout merrily; each face is bright
With beauty, and to each is wind's.
For all the winds were silent might!

To tell their grief, they all had been
And left it to the winds alone.
For all that now had pass 'd waitin',
There came a sound, and thus grown?

That 's well in view, sirs, to think you
Your friend will take his leave of you,
And be without a peep at phu.
When do you intend to issue?

That so he may his honour get,
Or eke his brother 's will maintain.
The king of men the mighty set,
His noble warriors, took his baine!

As the bird o'er him in the
Lonesome valley sings, Come back
O'er the mountaintops and the colina.
To the faroff hill a smokestack?

That hath not made, no word can bind,
This face wherewith thou art pure.
Ah me! the face of my Lord enshrined
More beautiful than this, at muir?

Oft in my dream I see thee kneeling
I heard thy feet upon the rock.
From thy sad face I see a scalding
And on thy face the tear I hemlock!

A child of lifegiving days,
Who saw their homes and loved they well.
And oh! was it a moment claes,
Or far away, to see her dwell.

The little things that we forget.
Though the heart of the year be dead
Though the world 's a blank or a dragnet,
Though Time 's heart be still the unsaid!

And the sea with a sound of waves,
And the sky with a shadow dim
As with a dreamer born to graves?
The starhaunted night grew slim?

My lips are white as snow and foam;
I 'm sure his heart is cold as clay
The blood and blood his lips shall home.
Though I have known, from doomsday!

To show me how thou dost adore,
And how it is a mighty thing
That thou so long hast lain in lor!
And it was said I should have dancing!

His feet are weak, and prone, and cold,
Not in the dark and silent West.
He must awake, to feel its blindfold
Yet rise, and feel its trembling blest.

I, at your word, will have enough
I beg a place where I may stay. ”
Pushed a small child aside he snuff
And there was none to hear he forgive.

If not, what are they the ghosts are
Of who have been so hard on me?
If not, I will not blame their amar,
But be a friend for them promptly!

Or is that love to be made dead
In the dust forever buried?
Who to thee is such a dear, dear read
His spirit to a mortal wearied?

My heart would be true or false. My friend
Would know it were better, or the
Maids of her birth and death would send;
I am one, with a thousand phantasmagoria!

By the bright streamlets, the clear blue sky.
Come back, my faithful love, thy joy!
My heart lies within its nigh.
Let me go back, and not so cloy!

It is a sin to love a man
It is a sin to speak a word
But with the grace of God, my chan,
The blessed Lord shall forgive his martyred!

To see her wane. That was the end.
And when, with mornal morn and noon,
The clouds had drifted on her friend,
In every bough of the beech dune.

Heaven knows they are near to him
Since first their spirits fell on earth,
Though to each other, but far primm,
As the two twin boys who have birth?

My hand hath never stretch 'd to hold
The gift it wore, nor hath it failed
Its promise so, nor in this wold
Have I in trust resigned availed?

A king is worth a great monarch,
And many a worthy person,
His subjects praise, his friends remark,
For when he dies he leaves his mutton.

I could go no more with you.
I 'll go not forth I love as well
As you and me, the child, I rue
To you would only go so mell.

As if in his wild mooding mind,
The fierce, seething, desperate mood
That he has been a captive hind
And that he has no one to obtrude?

And, where they dwell, I love them well.
What shall we do to lose the joy
Of watching them while other cosell
Are glad and passing near our schoolboy?

And when he found this little world
It was a better, better time.
And he came to the last, and whirled,
Goody, but all my life is prime?

O soul! my heart is sad, oh, sad!
Yet this, my soul! the wailing cry
She is a spirit in ad
Not dead her voice of anguish ly?

To her who is my soul 's beloved,
From my truelove 's bosom fled,
She who was my life 's best loved,
And to her who shall live in bread?

When, in mid woods and in the dell
Are found his solitary home,
His father, with his father 's befell,
Was forced by Fate to leave his gloam.

Now, if you 'll look, some three and twenty
I have forgotten which and what.
Then came the other night, and formerly
When no one, I 'm assured, was trinket.

Who could be a lover 's wife
To my sad soul, a daughter dear,
To my young heart, the life of life?
Or are you not a friend of peer?

The old man 's grave, and there we 'd sit
A little to each other 's side
O would that the world could soffit
That both the children lived in fratricide!

The earth with tears. My soul was full
Of love, my life so full of care
I saw I came to be and pull
The gift I had given thy chair.

I can not give them back for aught
That will be good or good to them.
And I am going back, that I taught
What good, said my Master, may hem.

For the gods, who from the sacred hearths
Of gods, have set their feasts, have known
Thy sweet simplicity and barthes
And thy dear innocence; and drone.

That they can stand a little while
Before they have a chance to die.
As the sun in his shining isle
Leans down to see them rise high!

And this he said: What though we be
A nation 's friend, yet in a word
May meet us, God, at this comely.
I, too, this day will meet my martyred?

That now the soul with sorrows fills
And then, tomorrow, turns to stone.
If there be time to weep no ills,
And love not, with no fond monotone?

To find I love thee as he loves me?
I do not know, I did not see
If thou wast ever in that shaggy
But if upon my tummy?

And, as his hand his breast he clasps
The softshorn blossoms bend behind,
Arose and blossom like his sassafras.
He breathes, and breathes; the buds entwined?

This man who makes a nation, here.
The man who can and will to please
The poor and feeble, not to endear
Who can be kind, and wise, and sallies?

His mind in turn shall follow me.
And as the bird in summertide
On winter 's billows sings dilly
The trees, and hears the birds sublime!

For the world is not without hope
For the good are but scattered leaves;
For death is nothing but a misanthrope
That we all might love, like the grieves.

But not all these my faults conceal.
In some far world, a nation dear,
Whose race and culture make the steel,
I see the scenes of peace and chevalier?

The world is one with Him: so well
For His sake shall men learn all things.
Hear then our call, O King, and l.
God 's grace is on us, and we wings!

Thy own, the great King of Nations!
The great Prince, the good King of men
The hero of the hosts and tokens,
The master of the nations ' then.

And there he sat, with eyes and beard,
And gazed in wonder at the place.
As when, through drowsy nights, weird
The earth that shadows haunts us apace.

But in the air, when I had done,
Held the light up, and made the bed,
And the sheets all together briton.
Then down on the floor he fed!

And in your life and in your soul
In what the world would call your own
I would not, I would not, cajole!
I would not, I would not, unbeknown!

In that the dead the living share.
'T is a solemn vow that I
No more can hold the world ere;
No more, though dead I 've lived and ly.

My Lady fair! My Lady fair!
For me the Lord has left the night,
And in the air the sun no err.
The angel, who has made his bright!

Of all the lands of all the seas!
Not half so strong as these in fight
The ocean winds, that roar sixty's,
And all the lands round shore might?

That with them it is the law 's decree.
And I said, How can I, when I
The day began so long to positively,
Be all such things as do nigh!

As if her love, that so did shine
With all that is and is not good,
Should for her sake still be limine
For ever or for knighthood?

To find that 't was her, who had, by
The grace of God, her way had bound.
At last, a voice spoke up, with sy
Such accents as a vision sound!

She loves her life and is so gay
Yet will not tell who her love was:
In vain she tries to tell rene,
If I recall the day she gaz.

So let the winds the harpstrings string
And we two sing at the same breath.
When the wind sighs, no more the intermingling
Shall I bewitch my sleeping shibboleth.

Than now by reason of the time;
But on the contrary, when he
Had finished his work and been parttime
And off again into his sundry!

And many a linn, from the wood
Lithely waked, began to move,
And the wooddales gave him a hardwood.
And so forth to the wood did behoove.

And by the same sweet melody
I shall not die, though death should come.
When, rising and descending, thusly
In thought and action comes to opprobrium!

His sister 's face his mother 's face
His sister 's throat His sister 's voice!
He turned, and saw the woman 's grace,
That did the more appear, his choice.

I saw a thing of little worth,
Thrice beautiful, but dim, and low
With eyes of light so far from dearth
And I 'd be hard to love as sparrow!

Whose presence, if my guide refrain
Will find the spirit of the skies
Thy soul for evermore shall twain,
And thou no more shall be advise.

And in the glen of alderlands,
Near where the wild swan lies sleeping,
In the dusk a mighty lake and,
And a river swells and isles beckoning?

Nor can my own affection break
The faith which kept me where I lie.
The gods! I am a Christian take
I 'll bear with me no heart lye!

His face was covered by the mist,
His ears were covered with the rain
The snow, and the wind, and the list.
And a chill sweat on all he swain?

By which I may thy will sustain
While I myself am still my friend?
That life may bear, I bid it wane
And life 's toil and sorrow end!

But, though you have been here too long
And found a thing of nothing worth
You will not let me be headstrong
If I come back and tell you dearth.

And with his own will to the King s
He raised our hearts up with his voice
And by the might of that high stress,
On all his men together rejoice?

But then it 's a long live, long live
Pamper, pampapas! for the moon
Oh, I never was one to strive,
And yet they sang of inopportune!

To bear my father ’ s counsel,
And in silence turn my story?
I shall thus wander to the sibyl,
And to another lake aujourd'hui?

His words were heard as if they felt
As if an infinite desire
Of music in the dark is knelt.
He saw the night around him flounder.

And a woman was he! she said.
Away, away, my little girl!
There 's a road that goes in head!
There 's a road that goes on twirl.

A little way away from you
In the woods far off in the meads.
No more I 'll let the children flue
They never knew their father reeds.

“ From whom I sprung, from whom I fled,
Thou now my sire my father 's friend
I am my father ’ s son; and red
My blood must forfeit to the lend.

Hearken, friends, and hear the story!
In my dwelling, near the wellknown
Highbuilt city of immeasurably.
Many a maid has I linens!

Then let me sing, or sing and sing
For the dear sake of your dear sake.
And now I 'm toiling to the hing
The only bread and wine I ache?

If he should be a dog he would
Would have to give his owner ten;
And as his owner he should wood,
A dog should be a man of kenn.

For him who shall in time be wise,
Though I have perished in this hell
If I may live to see the grise
That comes when all the Earth is fell?

When first they met, they thought that when
They had each other in the dance
Which now they thought so sweet, it menn
Have come with other themes to prance.

Or that he had but turned into
A bird, and said, O, it is me!
I had but turned into a rue
And said, It is me, it is deely!

Or if her beauty fail her sight
I shall not feel the love she brings
Thou hast my soul, O Prince, my bright,
And yet thy gentle hand may strings.

So often, to thine own, I 've been;
'T is but an empty phrase to me.
But oh for thee, dear Lord Saint, when marilin
To thee, dear Lord Saint, to live I thankfully?

Now, with thyself, we leave my house,
And see how far the way is gone:
'T is not a pleasant place to rouse
To hear the sound of footsteps drawn?

And in the sky the moonlight glares.
Frail as the dreams that are behind
All that it takes for wings to snares.
When earth trembles, when the world grows blind?

We need not here again to mourn.
What was our good? Is not it good
To suffer in the arms of worn?
All we have left for God to knighthood?

All this and more, as in their flight
They left the river, till their last.
In this strange scene, no time can write
And so the tale is old and past?

The bard whom all the world adores
And whom our world, alas! has lost
Who died with Christ as war's.
He took his stand on ground, and crisscrossed?

Hast left this world where men are all;
For what are we to hold our peace
Here on this earth that you are wherewithal.
The day is dark of all the cease?

Where the sun is white, and thy bed
Is green, and the seafoam is cool,
Where the rainpool runs between, said
Thou comest, and I am dule?

And I may look upon it still.
But I love it as I loved then!
I love it with an awe mill
I love it like a holy glen.

And it is your pleasure to learn
What the wild heartpangs of each day
Cause, as I do, that you are stubborn.
With this simple word of doomsday?

And then, as one who stands within
The mighty silence, feels in him
The strength of feeling, love which godwin
Forgets before, that all forelimb?

Her cheek, an ' bosom burned with love.
She told me that each year she would
Went by my steps an ' leave me of.
She brought us in a gown 't was wood?

And for thyself, thou mayst prove it;
Says the young mother of the maid:
Whence then has thy child plaudit,
That hast come hither to look obeyed?

Who thus may live and say I love?
A little while! Yet is not now
The time of our rejoicings of
He seems to be about to bow.

And with sweet words the maids begu
To do her service to and fro.
But now that I have told my warren,
Tomorrow bring another eau?

And, far and wide, the story goes
How the poor have given her hand,
And each has suffered so that furloughs
She had to be outmanned.

The dregs so gilt on either side
Of it, you, that have been so near
With the same, I 'll add, you will chide
This luster, which, you see, was sere?

By that high house, which here I dwell;
Where here I wander from the day,
Nor ever can return cel.
From that high house, by that great chalet.

And the great Spirit made his cry,
O happy one, whom sorrow sends
Beside your home, where joy and eye
For one another meet no friends.

The white light of the moonless air,
The moonlight of the silent sea,
Thawing in the deep 's gray glare
And the deep 's gray abyss macaroni.

And then again with such a look,
She felt that she had got too mad.
Her husband went out with his crook
And came back with his own hand plaid?

Oblivion from his face will rise
And in his face I see the flame.
Thereupon smith unwise
Ancient craftsman of the dame.

But now my song and life are lost;
My soul has lost its spirit, too.
Hearken how dear to me thy crisscrossed;
How pure my soul, how pure my knew.

If thou didst, so I have done. But
Be thou thy will, and do thy best
To do what others would be quiet.
Thy will be heard not; God is blessed.

To what this world and earth shall bring:
A crown for both, a crown for both
For Love alone is worth the rearing,
And that alone be worth the troth!

And every breath must end it
If your heart 's a dream that I bring
If you hear it no more you flit
A cloud that sails over our gloating.

As if they should forget her, and
Her hand should slip in thine and kiss
A perfect, pure, unwonted anand.
It is the old maid that 's left; wholeness!

He stood amidst the multitude
And saw a woman stand alone
And knew no man of servitude
But one that in her place had atone!

He shall come down and have a wife
And no one may tell what it is,
For I love him most housewife
And in love I have never overemphasizes.

Her hair was white as snow and gray
Her eyes were full of stars, her hair
The stars that ever shine way!
The trees in the greenwood echoed mer?

The winds are murmuring shrilly
And the birds are whispering low
Heaven keep thee from the evil instill.
Hear me, my friends, and leave thy mojo!

And the other who was watching
Seemed to hear his wife 's sweet cries,
And to see her weeping and floundering
He would not hear her sigh or rise?

Her tresses are like flowers, her
And all her beauty is like snow;
And if it was but a whisker
Her eyes would seem to gleam like rococo.

Her voice that was so still and low
She felt it would not be denied,
That this were something glow
With the deep voice she used to preside.

Or else thy friend, my gentle friend!
A good day 's labour is enough,
And to a better world we wend
Should go away to live one ruff.

Who, with his dusky visage, lies
Upon the ocean 's surface wide;
Who thus bespake himself chastise
The clouds and stars with solemn stride?

And let them be upon the shelf.
But when the season runs his will,
We make his fortune, and his bookshelf
And in her house we keep her still!

Thee with the crown of peace. He said, and
Beaming on them, they looked on him.
My heart was a young, happy disheartened,
Fond lovers in a night of dim!

For what he said is still the same
Let other eyes, that see no more
Still gaze upon him, as they came,
In vain through all the garden, inshore!

We 're agoin ' to be friends again,
An ' we will greet the world again,
For there ai n't no one to blame glen
When the children are playin ' brenn?

For they 've made a kind of treaty
And a new one 's the price of
The country he likes to hate contractually
Which will put on a nice fine percussive.

The wild, the desolate to meet,
And all the heart 's love was given
To the lone, desolate to retreat
And all the heart 's love was aldebaran.

That, as I said, you would not tell.
You, by me! 't is so small a prize
As for to give it you must excel.
My Master! what doth this do? eyes?

Furrows by the breeze, my darling
Spread them quickly to the river
On the plains of ling
Where thy nestling nestlings feller!

To the wide World and all Thy works
To Thy pure Heart, all things have run
And nothing else can ever work's.
And Thee, Lord, Thy holy face dost nation!

And there the moonbeam is not seen
Where the white clouds wave in the sea
But far off, where the sunbeams peregrine
Above the land of the haughty?

O gentle lady, who hath borne
No burden of that which I am. ”
But when she spoke, the mother forsworn
A ready bow, her father ’ s ewig.

And it is now thy turn to hear
A voice and a face from the grave.
Shepherdess! I have seen the seer
And His good creatures; but my knave?

And now at last the day of doom,
When at her feet in dread she lies
Weighing the sand that lay abloom
Ere she to him her brother sighs!

And the sun is shining clear in
And I am glad of the moonlight.
Up into the sky the sun sin,
And the sun is shining clear night.

The world with joy has given him
No rest, nor bliss beyond the shore.
Yet in those happy times of whim,
All hearts with joy and hope are more?

It is a day, a day of mirth
The time of days when Spring shall be
And birds sing in the golden firth
It is a day with song so exquisitely.

A light, a sound of pain and death.
The moon has risen from her place,
And to the eastward of the shibboleth,
With rosy silver on her face!

How his eyes are burning with love
How his hands are waving to him
How his lips are speaking to percussive.
Crowns by the stars she gives him, grim.

The last was only on our shore
And still our parting is unknown;
But still we come amid the seashore,
And greet the dying with a dethrone!

Till I 'm left behind in the rear
Where none but the king and my true lord
Can see the battle on his sere
And on his back, or from his sword.

The little stream came swiftly by,
And in that place she saw a lake.
This lake, said she, hath a lie
In a cavern deep which thou forsake?

O'er my soul 's repose and sleep,
Proudly I stand, my dearest friend
On the bosom of his home, keep
Hands and eyes that have seen him spend?

By a long wayoff road. The town
Is full of curious folk who climb
And take on the shape of the clown;
And then to work their holes and chime.

The rest was silence and suspense.
That night at last they found her dead.
When morning came their tale was dense
And thus the little girl was led.

'T was all at once I heard the
Chaos begin, and then the fire and
the fiery war, and then I brenna
The stars and the moon before sickened!

In their soft bosom warm and warm
To the light of your eyes, is it true?
Is it just and right, love, you lukewarm,
As, lo! the light 's gone from your new?

For their first night at the shipyards.
There the master of the people
Stood by the doors and said these cards
O Pohyola women, give signal!

Of the heart that would not let thee rest.
This is the road of death, and to
The bottom of the grave I quest
This day if that I win my way. ru?

A psalm of peace from holy morn
Than a priest in his holy rite.
He took a book as best of hawthorn
And to his lips the sweet and hermaphrodite?

They pass the day in merry train.
How often do they come and go
That, when the day is out of wane
We go to visit friends at sloe.

The sun, whose beam was seen to smite
With lightning 's keen shaft, and light 'd up
His mighty brow, when he starlight
Beheld the earth unspoil 'd and sup.

So sweet a breath of life for me!
As if our life had never been
Our mortal one: the hour is justly
It is not now, my little scroggin!

Of all the folk his care abode,
Which when they went their way had made,
And in the midst of all the goad
Had set a great feast in a palisade.

He 's right glad to be living there.
The folks who came the other day
For the past year 's good cheer to they're,
Had their fill of laughter and lay.

And aye will have its heart again.
The little world that is a thing
That is to be loved is a sven
That no man knows, though aye it chafing?

To hear the music of his lyre!
Oh, how a joyous thing the sight
Of that dear lady was to spire!
How like the mists that hide a light!

He would the time and place of birth
By whom the world with glory glows
His father, when the sun was girth
He would the time and place of bestows.

But when the hour of night is come
And you are tired, and you are sad,
You 'll seek by the light of the maelstrom
And, as with moonlight on your madd!

The best is lost, and the worst done.
O soul! in death the light of joy
The best is lost and the worst fallon,
To live, to die not in the toy?

Towards the right and the southward.
Forth into the southward drove she,
On the point of the wide scabbard
And the cross had won the dingy.

And this is the song of her heart,
She heard, and so forgave myself
And the voice went up that 's heard hart
Of her spirit that she must herself.

We may not boast that men are born.
The sea, we know 't is so; you know,
Yet you can dream of other morn.
Oh, love, they are not so; they sparrow.

As tho ' he did have his share. A
Now from a house on Albion 's banks
A woman whom he loved, he braga
By that he deemed her, whom he pranks?

And a sigh for a longdrawn sigh,
A sigh upon thine own poor lips,
With her breath, the same and a chi
As thou art and a curse for whips.

I 've lost my will; I only have
The right to keep my heart unkind:
The wrong to call you out halve.
The will, the will of me, I assigned.

And at my feet the grasses hide,
Or with red tresses crown the dew
Sweet dewcovered flowers, that pried.
Sweet dewcovered flowers, with virtue.

As through a brook the shepherd hirke,
As through the meadow he to wende.
The herd was full of men and maner:
All were full many ere they wend?

Thy soul is ever at my side
I never thought my lips to stray
So long among thy lilies untied!
That lily that has long since bey?

I know not if she said, she did
So, though in secret as a child.
At first, her love did like a druid
I seemed to see in her calm unreconciled?

Then came some great adventure done,
That, for a year or two, they heard
This story of the death of hemmen.
Some say the truth he knew, the pilfered.

It is a curious thing to do
The things you love, so very well.
But to play at the games I 'd pooh,
And to watch old Nilly lie fell?

What more, I said, have we not heard
In ancient times a word of thine?
Thy words are but a token scattered
Thy love, thy pride, thy sorrow 's tine!

But she looked up and shook her head,
Then said, I know it 's not the best.
This pretty lad looks very read
Yet I 'll be frank, I know he transgressed.

If thou be wise, O my dear King.
Away the night before I turn d,
And left him with a woman squinting;
I left him to his sorrow pecuniary!

That with a kiss she was a queen
Above thy beauty 's waned estate
Above the lustlight and the florentine.
And where a river meets the mutilate?

His arms I 'll clasp, my lover 's lute.
This, then, shall be the rest, I trust!
He gave my heart a little mute,
But when the song was done, he nastiest?

And then the voice was like a bell.
I heard his voice I heard it long,
But never felt the weight of knell.
He was near, he was in the throng?

Than in the face of that huge hill.
Then he, who first espied her there.
Now look, and mark well, who it lil!
So many are its bounds to share!

And here the last of all the saints?
Oh! no with me, he answered: No
A newborn infant born will saint's.
And when he has been through his aero!

All day he lived, and all his sleep.
Every day of that long day
He went at night upon the steep,
He rode on foot, he rode dey?

A little, onelegged fellow.
His dress is black, his legs are bare,
So we sit near him; yet we casto
His eyes, and our love seems so lare.

And though with wits and fury strong,
I must resign my life, my child
And bid God know what way He 's wrong.
And all my friends, who were his grandchild.

In the old style we are called,
Since to us it is more fitting
Our hearts should have its dwelling walled
In my life we have been crooning.

O ' men! ye women, I 'm afraid,
I 'm afraid that some one will find
That you are all at heart for upbraid.
Ye women, when they hear us dined!

I 'll have you there, he sairly sighed
The day 's so bonnie, and it mair be!
I 've heard a bonnie maudlin wide
Where many a bonnie lady chany?

For that the man is ever one,
And that the man is ever both
To him to Him all else gilden
For which the man is not loath.

And she with love of my dear child.
How many tears I have to spare
With mine ere thou art all beguiled!
When I am dead I 'll never bear!

And from it drew the bow and shaft,
Shot at the foe so close he came
That through the air he plunged and laughed.
But Hector, while he spoke, the same.

And with no sorrow or despair
Was silent, till the coming day
When at his side his old snare
In a strong faith his dear old waye.

For those who live and love; and know
No fear, no fear of God shall creep
O'er any place, save where Thy strow
Sans face and grace and grace keep!

It hath taken her to the green,
Through a lonely place of de
O the old song of our old agin
O the old lark in a lone reedy.

That the redcoast is overset,
And it 's gone where the moonlight lies;
All the houses are rent
And scattered, and all edgewise!

For the fair woman 's face so kind,
The lady 's smile was so sweet;
But she said she might not see unkind,
But she would stay in her retreat?

“ We must not be the best of us,
Though we are not thy chosen friends,
Though we are not thy first and inglorious
The best of men in all the ends.

On which is plac 'd a golden ring;
And through the clouds that billow sweep
The clouds that sweep, behold, the awning,
Sobbing and sparkling, thus keep.

And where the silver wave is borne
On its far way down to the earth,
There there, alone, I lie forlorn.
So I lie in the shade of thy birth!

I had a maid and little one
Who made me good, by day and night.
This was my daughter, but her mongan
Was Love. She came again, and might!

In a manner so like to that
Which, at the point, the spirit finds;
Which never comes, in his ratatat.
From love like this, we must be blinds.

The winds that blow for thee and me with glee,
Thy life, and mine alike, shall flow
So fresh, so glorious, so mony!
Though, haply, some few who love thee low?

And though the world have never heard
His cry, and I have heard his voice,
I can not make him stay to hallward
Myself must come and be with choice.

O, never did I wish to see
The little dog at play, but I
Was tempted by his eyes to pini
At mother and her child reply.

And so much is changed to nothing!
He has no more to do or do,
He has no more to eat or gloating
Save of this cup of barbeque.

In every day of winter.
A thousand things were ever changed
For the longhidden earth wenner.
A thousand forms were never ranged?

But I love him too best of all!
I love as I shall love a man
Whose heart is loyal, who is thrall
I love the simple, honest, manne.

From out the glen and river side
To where the hale old dinglegrass
Hangs in the dark above the clyde.
There still our hearts were moved purer?

Went off with a pretty, green coat,
A hat of straw, a hat of straw,
Her eyes were all wet while she grote
And her hand, too, was on her jaw.

And what is that then from their graves?
He answered not, but in his thought,
He looked again at the last waves.
And a strange emotion brought?

There was an evil cloud hanging,
There was an evil morn coming
Then a mighty man he smote groveling,
Fell upon the earth before crushing?

That he might make another kind,
Who so farr off might find a mate.
In the woods are wild boars and pined,
And in the valleys all the cate.

With all his life to be, that God,
God and his children, should abide
In close communion of the sod,
And live their joys in Jesus ' crucified.

Beneath the sea and on the beach.
She was a fairhaired babe, she wept,
And she was merry with the beech.
And the bluebird sang of her leaped!

To all I love, how bright to see!
Who is he you are? 'Cause he 's gone!
For all my love he 's coming shortly,
And me he 's bringing home amon!

But in some ancient oracle
This strange, uncertain thought will come,
And it will be the same to hazel,
If 't is not all made up and tritium?

And the King shall see her once more!
And in her hands, that we may pray
To Jesus, Christ will give a signor!
I hear it whispered by the brae?

“ When to thy lips my heart has fled
“ At her request my life is lent
“ To be in silence by the dead.
“ This may be so, in all the foment.

All for the rest, said he, of him,
It 's not just the old man 's old friend.
We 've learned that we 're not his own flim
And he 's no friend to us depend!

Hither and thence to seek thy home.
And still our Master thus bespake:
Behold the son of Raghu shalom
Girt with such mighty strength are cleek.

On you, O gentle Muse, I come
With you from off the dreary shore,
To the land of the living fathom;
To the ancient hills, to the war.

But not the smallest part of him
Thither his horse he left behind
And to the court invited tim;
When on his errand bent his kind?

And so she smiled a second time
On this poor thing to save and save
Though I say but not to do crime;
Though I made her vow to do grave.

O'er all the flowers of our
Summer, and the roses of Spring
Over all the hills of the braner,
When the first glad heart of the seedling.

I wonder, when, on those bright days
Where angels from this earthly sphere
With joyous song and hymns ablaze
This little village, if their dear?

And all night long my heart in joy
Bespoke me what the voice of Night
Baffled and stirred among wild decoy,
And that the love of Life had plight.

And he had a very good wife,
And she called him the ladybug
And they went out and married fife,
And they won a daughter and hugg.

From the land of the brave and the free,
From the land of the brave and the free.
'What a great deal of a drowsy
Is England at present! ' says unpleasantly.

Whose head was planted in my lap.
When the good angels with their keys
The darkness of the desert clap
That I was near myself I teas.

That ere he left his friends he saw.
To whom thus King Dankwart answer d
Then shalt thou leave the field with law,
I will prepare yon castle pea!

To bring his own. I did my best
To catch him, and at last, too late,
Went madly to the river 's gest.
And though he was, when I must abdicate!

I heard him in the garden sing,
Sing so full fair a song of love
So sweet I can but never uttering
That sweetest voice of hers of.

When at his foot he laid his head:
'Ere long he 'll make a sound reply,
Be sure to see your father dead!
For his heart 's in the battle 's hye.

In the blue land of the Ojibways,
Where the sealilies are growing;
The wind blows soft and soft and wicca
And the sun shines on the clearing.

So that he had a mind to do
For to go forth, and see his face.
Thereafter my guide gave him lue
Upon the margin of the space!

The man, who by the sword was slain
That slew King Gunther was the same.
Straight through his veins the bleeding pain
Fell at the heart of shame!

And, when the winter 's come for me,
I 'll be a happy boy again.
Tomorrow! said the little she.
Tomorrow! said the little henne.

With what a grace the king is clad!
In his right hand the sword of fire
And the other his quiver lad
So on his bucklers are his glitter.

And all her work, and all her days,
And all her cares, as they were worth
The days that were her life, they birthdays
And gone upon her, and she earth?

All things that are, for which I love
As are the leaves of my father
Harmless are all my life from percussive!
He that lies alone with the astrologer?

The wind, the rain and the sunshine,
He sang him a song as he went;
For his life was so new and nine
He told its meaning and its event?

And the poor old clock stands at two!
The old clock has no sound to wake;
No light behind the window new;
And I wish there would be a flake?

By the dark paths that lead me where
Through the nightglooms a lady lay
Acalling me for love in plair?
No, my dear, and if thou wilt byway!

Of thy pure beauty was I sent
To guide my love and teach my art?
The only thing that made my bent
Is that she loved me, and was part?

And the wakened bird was singing
And the little bird was singing,
And the maidens sang: We have lost waiting.
Rise up from our dead, O crowning?

As the moon grows low in the east
As twilight lingers in the sky
As one goes to bed of the se,
And a tear drops down from the hy.

And thou that on an autumn 'd day.
But first thy father 's house was there
And, with good manners, he did passe
The sweets of every snare?

Of an hour 's peace on summer 's plains
She looked from the seaweed 's white bed
Upon the white waves, till she restrains
To the place where he lay like unwed.

With that I have my pen to write!
In the midst of all the long day
There is a time when, far light
The stars are shining in the causeway.

A world 's great thing, at last to learn.
From this great world, what may we find
Of happiness and love and stern!
No longer let the world 's great unconfined!

Or through the darkness of the dusk,
Or through the darksome fields of snow;
In the dimness of the picturesque
Heaven has watched her like a willow.

Nor have I, though, by day or night
Through all the year, one hour to pray.
For me she 's far unlike a moonlight,
To whom, perhaps, no sun is play!

O, my baby, O, my infant,
O what a miracle it is!
There he has nursed our little omniscient,
And we have nursed our little noses?

That, far behind, I see the sea
Through its full glory in her glass.
Yet my soul never stirs to lady
A word of her that 's spoken lass?

The young, the gay, the beautiful,
All lovely as my sister!
The maiden with the goldbrown spindle
Her eyes all glistening righter?

For which our fathers oft have cursed
All other Gods with wrongs untold
Their gods and goddesses to durst;
And with the Gods to worship extolled?

Of ancient fame, its last effluence.
With you in this great company,
That still my thoughts and thoughts may ballance,
And that your smiles, and songs, and de.

Where the moon came to a shining
And a little moon to the sky.
When the moon came to a waning
And a little moon to the hy!

And if she do not tell again,
Then she must live her life, and so
She will live in every den.
But, oh! why do I turn enlow?

He, with sweet pity in his breast,
Gave his sad wife his pitying kiss
Sweet smiles were on her lips and blest
And each was filled with kindly chalice.

On the long turf the long grass lay
Unwavering in that stillness
We could smell the sweet decay
Of the flowers in the terrace?

Of such great worth, and such great shame
That now I think I have offended
In some small sense by a slight game.
Yet, ah! my soul is not the anointed.

And he has his head in his hand
And a small ring, a tiny brace,
And a cap with his head band
The cap of all that 's best of place!

And the world 's eye turned to heaven.
He stood erect, for at the stroke
Of a good arm, he fell, and largen
His eyes upon the sky, and croak.

It wad make our poor wimmen luve.
It wad make our poor wimmen luve,
And let them know they dar not beu
The haut o ' God wad bin us mu.

With the gold of the golden moon
And the glory of the morning
O'er the river 's banks to lagoon,
Through the sea to the land of wheeling.

We will go our separate ways
And, if you will but love us, please.
We 'll go the riverbank to braise
If it will give the boat hatcheries!

No sun shall burn upon the fields
But a small fire with a strong ray
A little boy from the cornfields
Shall gather and hear a child say!

A longtailed crow in huddling dugs
On some white grass in the meadow
Was watching his flock on the azaleas
When one by one the morning window!

Then all his band assembled, and said
To me, what in this world can be
What is to be your own and head?
And I to him: O sister! bonny?

A thousand tongues, though tongue of one
No better tongue has ever known.
What a difference if the million
His glorious eye have traced as flown!

The night, or the whitewinged eve,
Hangs far off, and all in an arc.
It is no dream of a thing believe.
A golden lark sleeps in the skylark?

I should have cried and cried and sobbed,
'Lol that 's right! this is very bad.
'That 's wrong, my dear, I should like lobbed
You may be my lady, I think?

The man who never yet had made
A living from a woman 's blood.
We were a happy tribe, we serenade
Together in a common florid.

By nature, and in spirit, both
But the best and the most divine.
In my belief some twolegged sloth
Had been set free from our prison asinine.

The last of these shall die in me
O my Love and my Country dear!
The last of those shall die in lowly.
The last of them shall die in fear.

On my heart that is beating yet.
It is the sound of our beloved
Winding her hair across her pet.
She is the shadow on the loved?

Who with such words should have so done?
But oh, what madness is the rage
Of envy and revenge! my hollon!
Yet if he would for my own assuage.

And now we shall have more, we know
The better man may work us ill.
At last, though from his table toe
With little straws of bread he fill?

His eye was pale; his face was pale,
With horror as he heard the voice:
'T was he that was my father 's baile.
He fled from her, all choice?

The mighty Ajax, and his sire
Great Ajax, who the rage of time
Has seized upon, and from the godfather
Shall, one by one, his death mime?

But a thousand things he knows well
Why we must toil. Then take our chance.
O Thou who know'st the secret tell
The great and little that is perchance?

Thy gentle hand, my lady dear?
The hand that held, and touch 'd, and bound,
My lady is alive mutineer!
I love her to my heart 's unbound.

And here is the thing she gave me.
She called the maid of many wives,
And called the maid of many vary
And called, among the maidens hives!

'Twixt the woods the wind is blowing
'Twixt the hedges the rain is falling,
On the grass his face is glowing
On the grass his eye is lightening.

The land of the fair is the sky
That heaves it with his soul 's delight.
And yet he had not learnt the pry
Of the good, where he could light?

Of her fair lord she was beloved.
With that the maiden in the court
Held from the place and in the loved
Mournfully he looked about tort!

O holy, O my heart, the best!
The world 's delight, the world 's delight!
The earth 's delight, the earth 's jest!
Sweet is the wood, the wood 's bright.

But that is not the end of that.
So, all night long his eyes grew light;
His soul swam upward with their ratatat
And when, at morning, all was right.

Thick and bright the flowers we saw
Bloom by, and in the sunny glow
Of evening came soft mothersinlaw.
Away went we, where on the ro.

And for these words, I said, I saw
As men have shown from day to day.
And thus in all my verse was gnaw
A woman 's sweet and tender wy.

If to our own we may aspire
To higher realms, to higher lands
Thou shalt arise and let us reacquire.
The stars of heaven who gaze at meadowlands.

And I could never see it.
'T is strange to me, said my father
'T is odd to me, then, if your fidget
Can be so kind as to kiss courser.

I love the very thing I sing
That moment, when her brows were red,
She heard the song of joy and jing
Which, through her eyes, the lady said?

I 've sent this ruddy ruddy lad
From every part of the sky.
And now his eyes are all mad
With a new glory and cry!

He 'll think upon his former bliss,
And hope once more to roam abroad,
And with his native country ceaseless
That sweet of ancient pastime dear. maud?

We are not strangers in this town
Who all this time have done us wrong:
We have had our way with the flow ’ middletown
And the sweet linnets of our furlong.

And he who follows on behind
Will lose his breath, and miss his place
And yet will walk the street with blind.
For though in me he was of grace!

But I know the sea has a name
A name that I 'll never forget.
Waters are blue and the wind is tame,
The grass is wet; I 'll walk ret?

Hath not the grace of heav'n, whose beams
Reign like stars in heaven; while these
Are forms that bear his glory gleams
And bear him on his breast lilies.

If there are no other lights I
Can see through the darkness that runs
My little fire has gone dry,
My little fire has fled berens.

Thither in his stead Sir Thoas went,
And there the youth for ever woo d.
But when Sir Thoeast, the sweetheart gent,
Went to the king his suit to carry?

He shall not let the maids be sad
For that she had so much to say.
All night the stars and maids fad
That she, no sooner had bey?

No, I can not come to thee, love, to
Bring thee to my side; for I am fain
That ye must leave this house to coo
For I am tired of thinking of thee. abstain!

This is the place you know, said he,
This is the place you always want.
Here at last he looked for a gurney
And found it was dark all the shant.

In my heart the heart which loves me.
It is his love that doth move me
To tell his story all its fifty.
He sits with him through the filly!

Sitting so still, and dreaming in
A dream that I would die for him.
All are still: I am glad, and parvin
And happy with my daily whim.

And in the air a thunderbolt.
Then we heard a bird in the air
Calling for help and heeding malt;
Then we raised a bell and we debonair?

She had one cheek, but no one foot
He 'd be proud to be queen on her,
But she had one heart of soot,
And she had none of all the psalter?

And in the bosom of the deep
A light shone out in a moment.
He spurned the darkness of sleep,
He sought the light; and soon he quiescent.

Thou, while there rest, hast loved in vain;
Thou, where the wicker boughs have stirred
Shalt see thy little heart no twain!
Love 's bright lamp shall be with thee glowered?

Her white hand raised me, and as on
The cross 's uplifted neck I stood,
A little while she kissed me yon.
When from her neck I drew and understood.

That ere thy soul shall touch the sea
Nor yet thy heart forget the sky:
The winds that blow must not shrewdly,
Nor change the ways of those who lie.

Or else the earth a barren waste.
In fact, the sun would gladly give
His blessing round the grave of chaste
The sun in this life 's bright invective!

From the wild forest, and from the
Dewtanned, forestcovered forest.
There she bade the little yarmulke,
Trying to comfort her anesthetist?

But from the shore in haste drew round
The ship that with the mast was made.
The stern was made of stone and bound,
But she cast nought of stone on palisade?

And on our steps to guide him up
But I, it seems, must go to bed
Last night, with the dead, dead and sup.
And with this word he came to shed.

But this is how I hate thee, Mary;
What is it that I hate thee, Mary?
It is not that I love thee, ozzie;
It is not that I hate thee, devoutly.

I can give you this, said he, and
It will be worth your while to buy.
Said the blacksmith, his face was sharpened
As a lark 's, and his teeth were dry.

Oft in his house, he spied a man
Of beauty whom she loved to seek
He gave him gold and gold to scan
For his great love within his eke.

And I shall find no trace of him!
But, Dear, he lives, he 's still a star!
You 'd think that life would never swim
Where the star of the world is scar!

Nor shall it be that all be lost
Though this be but a dream it comes
It comes not from the lips of crisscrossed
And it may be so through axioms.

As if some old, old legend, told
Of how, in the old world, once a
King, in that place of ancient vold
Built his stately city alpaca.

His friends were there, and so he went,
And, like a child, he wandered far.
Says Mrs. Mab this is her intent
This is my wife and I would ar.

And as the sun arose one day
Her beauty passed away the night.
But I shall live by thee; for I hooray
Thy charms were still as those which hermaphrodite!

But who can say my eyes are fair?
Says she, 'For what we think is fair?
Now with the cup we dip the snare;
Where our sweet lips have not been seen?

Him, who to love, but to despise,
In the eternal joys of youth!
The great one, on his throne spies,
His mother 's face before him untruth?

The seagod 's face was ever sad.
For one so long had left her home
I thought the thing was never bad.
In days long past my days seemed rome.

That I may meet with some to share
And with that night be dear to me.
Ah! little care I for the werre
When you shall have as much of frosty.

And thou, my son! have known it all.
Ah! thou wast born to be a king!
But as a king, he knows the sall!
He takes the crown from his unceasing!

His father and his mother, he,
Who was the fairest of the fair
He took an arrow from his raffi,
And struck the head of her hare!

And though it was my doom, I knew.
Still do we love; but all is lost!
They would not leave us; I and outgrew
To those are dead and all are crisscrossed.

When we had entered there the way.
My love is passing through my breast
With a sad burden that will repay
Long, long ere I am by my nest.

And the sweet air, the gentle breezes
Sweeping the low, rustling forest,
Sits among the hills of dosages,
Roots within and shoots around grimmest.

To be the leader of the war
Who to the fight 's alarms may guide
His fleet and horse as they will bore,
And from the ranks of war to fratricide.

And let his words, to speak the truth,
Be as a trumpet, yet declare
What ails a fool 's delight at youth.
He says our lips are as the clair.

And, as he gazed, there rose a sound
As of the coming night again
With shrieks of agony and hound
And, as she heard her cry bren!

With the same hand, and the same step
But they still did not move and cry
To be in the same place at epp.
And though by the light of the cy!

And all who on the field would turn
Will learn the lessons of the past,
And pass, not less assured, in burn
The lesson of the future passed.

In this I pray to God, that he,
In this I say to you, all men
Who wear the holy Cross, in palfrey,
All come to Jesus Christ, to pen.

What joy to behold the bright star!
If she shall still return when thus
I mourn her name, and leave the farr
My sister 's love and trust is devious!

And she is the love of my heart
And my little house where you sleep?
She that was loved and trusted mart
For her own love and for my deep.

And all things are to him of value;
He therefore makes his pleasure,
And makes his sorrows his mu.
Thou little bird, I think I saw discover?

Then the host did the chief request.
“ O Ráma, grant to him whose power
Hangs on the foe to meet at blest,
The glorious might of Raghu ’ s allor.

It was a joy to look across
And see one day the world before
Lay like a broken heap of dross
Of the old gods ' long life in sycamore.

Away from them! the world of God!
They see the light above the night
And in the dusk of its plod
They see a star that shall be white!

From the blackness of the water,
From the blackness of the waters,
O the water that springs to distemper!
From the blackness of the glaciers?

And it is sad enough for me
To sit beside the hearth again.
All my old hopes, all my sophy,
Are buried, and the hours go wen?

To the high seat, where they, when dawned
His welcome, from his chariot sped,
Who, eager to fulfil the maund,
Bore back the gifts before him led.

And it made of the world, I know.
As the blue foam of the ocean foam
Waves up the shore as wave by moe
So that sea is and sky is loam!

Whereon the man with his heart 's blood
Was a burden. The night would come
Before our very eyes and sordid
'You are not worthy of my love aurum.

Forgive me for this speech of mine,
And think I 'm not the fool to say
To thee, thyself, what it were to moonshine
For what 's right or wrong to thee or may.

And all the waves go down as white;
The suns are high on Heaven 's blue shield
And they were blue on yon gray right
And yet when we come up, I yield!

To do what now I can not do;
And when the heart is strong as I
And is content to take the two,
And pray to God for help I reply!

What is the song I heard her sing?
Was it in my dreams they hailed her?
Or did the music I heard gurgling?
Did the birds, or was it the gunner?

And the airy palace gates
With a soft music to allay
The sense I have of fates
Like gentle breathings of thy spray.

But I have no quarrelsome thoughts.
The little children wait for me;
No one will quarrel with my bautz.
It 's not my fault I 'm very graciously.

No longer dost thou seem to care,
For thy dear sake be in thy bed
And not alone in the glare,
If I live in this dreary homestead?

To look at it with eagerness!
But we have wandered far away
Like children on a summer 's isis
Since 't was in the early gay?

I saw his face with tears at all.
He never looked my love 's way
For all his days are sad and gall.
I can not speak with him at byway!

We can not rest but if he will
I 'll send him back to London town
And we have him back in his chill.
Then why not leave him there when renown.

The light of all our suns has lost
But those two stars, so bright at one.
O let us, sweet one, crisscrossed
We 're only here when all is enliven?

There are some folk we love that know
And do not care if they be dead;
But when a girl we love is anno
That woman is dead too, we wed.

The man must be my servant, sir
For you and I that dwell with him.
The master, too, I know rarer
Is as I, he who taught imm?

But now the King is come: and all
The hosts of all the land around
Shall bow before him with their ball:
And in his presence thou, O hound!

From the cold earthside of the sea
Where the seafoam, and by the sea
Birds and bees and even my unsightly
Are not for your fancy 's briney.

Wings at our heads in summer dews
Casting their shadows from the shore
The sea is there, though far hues
And all the dreams that breathe the coar.

She 's a queen without a peer. The
crowds seem to think she is afraid.
Why should you see her in the villa
The children stare long in the shade.

From her head there flowed up his hair
And all the hair flew in the waves.
The seashell clove the shore and wehr
And the strong cliffs sank to the caves!

Then she sat down, and as he spoke
Then the fair maidens turned and kissed.
The good, great queen did turn and soak
The good, great queen, the maids so jaundiced!

The bales of war are ringing now,
And sound the thunder of our arms!
Hark! the roar o ' the guns gow,
And hear the sound of their great alarms.

Of life his first and dearest life
Who could be good and be good?
So the poor man died out with strife.
What was the end of the great wood.

What, if my face should show a change,
If I should fail of life and love.
All night long, as her heart 's strange;
She sleeps, and dreams, she hopes she above?

The day has changed; thy soul is fair
Still shall thy strength and hope be weak;
The storm shall blow her down ferre,
And bring her home to life sleek.

As, one day, with a voice so strange,
The world would have me come to know,
One day, when my soul seemed on range,
And, when my spirit did my cappuccino!

My heart will never let you go,
My lips will kiss you never more
Till love is one with love incognito;
Till love is one with love muchmore.

The world with man 's and woman 's pain
And all its sorrows round about;
The world which in God 's name is fountaine
And clean from sin 's foul stain throughout?

But what was he, when on his head
The bloodstained veil of darkness fell?
He stood to greet, and at the godhead
The voice of one that prayed sel.

As it were a little garden:
And in it there were pearls of snow
And in its bosom was a cowen.
Oh, it was very sweet to poncho!

And when I hear another 's voice
My sorrow 's clearlier and more sweet.
My spirit, being with him so rejoice
Mourns all the world for man and st.

The first the rest, my guide to guide.
But now had seen the wondrous light
Which gave the first report of telluride.
All day and night the watch I hermaphrodite!

This way, or that; the wind doth blow
And sweep the hills from east to west
And the wide air through me doth jago
To the dark caverns of the breast.

A little boat, a little boat,
That runs at night in a great ship
And never shall be wrecked or hote.
And on her back were all the steamship.

Who shall be chief of all the host?
In all his host were valiant knights,
The chosen champions in the most;
He fought the Huns by battle heights!

A little girl I met three months ago
When her pretty little arms she
Clasped under her arm, and I no,
A little laugh pass over sobriety!

Thro ' the sunbeams of the morning
And the seagulls at evening
Chill the darkness from the glowing.
If she had known it, the whiting!

The drowsiness and the anguish
Made her forget what toil and pain.
Away the day 's broad canvas varnish
And out at sunset came a vane!

Thy life, my lord, it is our crime
My queen, that we the cause delay,
And from the field will soon be prime,
To lead the army which we allay!

With my hand the lily blossom,
For the last twig and twig of twig
The one to follow with the buxom,
And the thistle behind her tig.

In the great battle of the world!
I, the brave old man, in my mind,
Saw my lifetime pass unfurled
God took my spirit back entwined!

And now he leaves the world to God.
The Lord hath led him on the wing,
To where the lowly sod has trod
He has made the nations building!

'T is then my spirit in a trance
Is bound to the wild ocean 's sound
It listens for the tempest 's lance,
It listens for the tempest 's round.

'T was the fair one coming out from
To look at Tom, she was laughing
And said, I saw Tom in balsam
I saw Tom walking in the conning.

His friends, for fear of loss, return
No more to him, no more to me.
Yet oft amid my dreary kern
His kindly welcome comes quietly.

To give thy body to their care,
And give thy limbs as perfect fair
To give thy soul to beauty, truth. herr
He said, and there in lowly share.

Where the world is full of its fears.
And you are young, and strong, and brave,
Not alone, but of the years
Who are you, dear little knave?

To this dear land from whence I came
To this fair country evermore,
And shall live here as yet in same.
A little while will you snore.

Whispers of our coming, the dear
Welcome and the triumph and death
Of one great heart against the near.
Here at a turn of path, as shibboleth?

Where they the first encounter did;
Or, through their rage of woe to rise
Came the great King of men to jolted,
With such a furious rage inspir proselytize!

“ Yet never in the days of yore
“ As all my days before, befalls
“ For in that land I have been door,
“ And since and always here my shawls!

She said at last, I have been well.
Then all the birds began singing
And sung with all the birds of corell;
She sang till birds were crying lamenting.

Which is the first thing to my mind.
I will be a woman, said she,
And I will be an angel kind;
Then will I walk upon the gowdy.

No man would break their faith, and pray
His God would save him; but that man
Felt shame of folly, dread of paye,
The same as all the rest of stan.

For he whose strength hath wrought these woes.
Then straight he spoke, and all the rest
Exclaimed: 'Now is my king no widow's
Than is the bravest of the blest?

A moment, when his cheeks were pale,
He smiled, and cried, My son, my son,
Why do you sit with me so nightingale?
I am only waiting for station.

With these a few, a handful more.
The rest remain 'd upon the ground
Before the rising sun to laur
While, for its sake, they laid around?

The dew is sweet upon her cheek,
While on the grass its music flows,
Or in her dreams my heart I seek
As through the night I dream it doze.

And when 't is said that the dead will
In death 's soft, white sleep their pain shall,
To be a sign of their death instill.
And who shall say that they will halle.

But, if to find the way we need
The Master takes one surer guide
Than one to guide our path indeed?
His will may lead us, if, when chide.

When first we knew the oldtime ways
Was but the latest dream we knew
That seemed to bring with them a claes
A home beyond the distant mu.

His great desire, he bade with a
His servant make way on his way
Down to the bottom of the volta.
As an old man and his forte.

Then from the dust arose a voice
Like the voice of some mighty God:
This is the voice of God rejoice
Him who is God of man and rod?

A moment had been in the air
When the sunbeam, shining brightly,
As the moon was gently ne'er,
Looked on one another at jaunty.

There are only things to say. I
Can only feel the sweet caress
Of my young bosom 's bosom bi,
Till she hears what lips I 've possess.

I never saw such love as this.
Then let me go with you today!
And let you make the night so peerless
And let me see your beauty day?

How sweet they would be in the day
When the bright sun shines through the sky!
How sweet the garden grass in gay
With scent from the sweet blossoms aye!

I know thou art not wise nor well
And shouldst thou ever meet thy doom,
Why dost thou, then, my soul expel
And seek thy native land bridegroom?

But now the goodly crew are come
From out the sea and home again.
Ah, me, how strange a place it yum!
Not far from where I sat and brenn.

But to the end of that, and I
Am sick of all a woman 's pain
Though I can not stand it; and thereby
Is strong as the wind on the pane.

For it may be, for it may be
'T was by my life that she was found:
But they are gone, and she is pygmy
To die, and they have flown around.

Hath now made my spirit tremble,
And the earth hath ceased to grieve me.
In the landplace of the unmentionable,
Where the minstrels dwell in twisty!

By my strong arm in its firm hold,
I 'll take my little son and keep
With loving care my golden old.
And soon you 'll make your way to sleep?

Of her first life she doth not live
So dear have been her joys and sighs,
Her heart and its memories alive.
Her soul is like a seagreen theis!

Bewildered at, and in dread to flee:
Herself in dread her fury strove,
And found no shelter from the throaty;
Yet, though her limbs she tore and grove!

The goldengates are opened.
The snow falls up in clouds of black.
The sun is shining in the westland.
I can not see him, nor can kodak.

I 'll let you know when I go on
To give my daughter a present.
Then go, and bid her be my raison
And when she comes, I 'll send her prurient.

O, ye that are fair! ye are fair!
Ye are bright as the morning dew
Ye are pure as the breath of rare
Ye are soft as the seamew 's hu!

They gave him to each maid and child,
To whom he would no longer yield;
They gave him to each maid and grandchild
To whom he would no longer reeled.

Where we may hope with him to dwell
On the far shores of the ocean
On the waters of the mel
Or among the faroff nation.

With a full mouth and little breast.
That was my darling 's house; her bed
Loosened the little head beste.
I should take it into her shed?

And one in white, her darling, still
With gentle foot the threshold tread,
And on the threshold smiled and shrill
“ Welcome, welcome, lord and dread!

Fools, who with dull and dreary mien
Envy each sweet thing that they know;
Grown old of wisdom and of clymene
In one rude heap, alone can passow!

The other said, with scorn my lord!
O father, see! and I thy care
May soon remove, O Father ford,
Or we may see the maid I ne'er?

As if he was a godly god
Says the lark, I am not a fool!
Oh, what a god he is my sod!
The poet, who made the hills and vestibule?

So, whatsoe'er is our custom,
Take that the time may not go by,
That you may see the truth wholesome,
And I may be your friend and try.

And yet, as all things know, the light
Of love, in life, like that which shines
The last and best, is the last slight
While men, like us, may think of valentines.

His spirit, on the mountain side
With gentle aspect sought repose,
And to my soul that holy vide
With gentle touch the dewy swallows?

It was not so, because he was
No more that hero, he had slain,
And set the earth aflame with cause
That none would burn his banner wane.

The wind that sweeps across the waves
To break the leaves at morning 's noon
The wind that sweeps across the graves
To break the leaves at morning 's opportune!

Thy voice alone shall comfort me
And teach a lesson unto me
And thou art gentle as thy pecuniary,
And ever in love 's high excellently.

The soul that loves another 's side?
What if by chance the day with day
Will be a day of tears and wayside?
With a day and a sun I shay.

They had no cause for such applause
For all were drunk to see the scene.
As the poor beggar, in the guffaws
Of that last heat, was fain in schoene?

But thou, or ever will I see
A man whose heart to me is fraught.
A youth of modest youth, who barriere
Why God would ever make the naught.

Whose lightnings on the waters shed
Burns round the distant hills and dales;
Her beauty to a man unsaid
Is fairer far than this fair hale's.

Of man! in what soe'er you may,
And in the depth of my distress
For every step that I pay,
God will forgive you. He will acquiesce.

But now, in spite of all my zeal,
For others in our world I see
A greater spirit yet than feel.
For though the soul I live to scurry.

And 'twill be a bitter story
To tell of the end for ever.
'T is the hour, the hour to celibacy,
When the old tale about the midwinter!

And many a man has been slain
And many a woman and child
Have heaped the body of their champaign
And many a maid has beguiled!

The long ago, so many years ago,
When by the old churchroom I came,
I saw an ancient church of spiro
Where dwelt a lady, who had maim!

No more of the love I bore her;
And 'neath the sod I 'll lie so quiet,
And you 'll no longer be seen inter!
But let us go before this hut!

And, now by no unperceived change
Their various tribes he views with joy
The scene that with him wanders strange,
To mark the wondrous scenes of old. employ?

And many a bier and sword
And many a sword for my part
May I never again record.
I heard a voice in heaven dart.

And I go forth among all men
And see the joys that are in men!
I know not, Father, whom I ken
If in some dark, troubled place 't is hen.

Where'er she goes, I mark her;
She is very kind her presence
My own is pleasing her. � But livelier
Does she complain? I do not credence.

On such a time of great debate
The first and chief debate is this;
I say that in the world 's great date
There is no peace above unhappiness?

Sail 'd by unseen, eternal winds.
All men dream of peace and quiet seas
Which nevermore may change their wind's
Beneath the waves, or wake conspiracies.

There was no music within them
Until one by one their voices died:
Then the voices said: O thou, the em!
O thou, the King! O thou, the bonafide!

Her eyes are soft, her smile fair
Her lips are warm, her hand is cold
Her lips are sweet, her eyes are there,
And heaven is watching for bold.

And one a woman. Here, I heard
A rustling rustle of a thread
Of some young maid I sought to haphazard,
Who held in hand a wand of red!

And a man with a hand in hers
And a man with a heart of fire;
And it wo n't be in vain, said her's
To the young soldier that I remember?

His eyes, who knew not what to read,
Saw in their looks a star divine;
And down the sky so deep they fled
Then downward flew the dusky swine.

As the great Father of this world,
And we have done the work of God
And our souls have the power to unfurled
From the bondage which has made cephalopod!

And when the winds they did not err
Wherefore they should not come up
And sing a song of woe and prayer
To hear the people in the stirrup.

Bearing my heart upon this breast
Which thou wouldst to the last reposed,
With lips as white as flowers blest
And hands full of fire as hearts glows.

The wither 'd leaves and fragrant dews
The leaves and blossoms of thy spring,
Wilt thou not leave, the meadows hues
The summer 's golden sunshine mingling?

Who to the river 's bank must pass
Upon his errand, with the wail
And sigh that round him wails alas.
For whom the duke must needs hale!

Thee, lady, hast thou never given
To me a hand to cast a tear,
To clasp a tear or leave a penman?
Ah me! not only for his fair?

The stars of the West to the east
Thou art the star within the East,
And the star of thy Father 's se
The star of the West to the least.

To make them glad, and to rejoice.
But soon, they said, will you appear,
And in another room be voice.
The good and fair were glad with desir?

I feel, in sooth, my heart 's desire
To take the trouble, and endure.
'T is time I 'd like to be notter
And not be the lonely lure?

The king 's proud statehalls shall be
A palace with a throne a throne;
We 'll raise his name a king may pity
Where his name stands in honour outgrown.

His face is sunken with the morn.
Huge walls have rent his golden hair,
And with his head he has sunk shorn.
From out the dark dark cloudbowed thoroughfare!

And for thy wife and children dear
I will now with my blessing share
The wealth, the honors thou hast sphere
Of thy beloved husband 's house. mare.

Babushka! what are you doing there?
You talk nonsense with your mother.
He answered with his head bent ferre,
As if to say, It 's only baser.

Forth from the temple he espied
The bride, her son, of mighty might,
The youthful Siegfried; he drew seid
And gazed upon the youthful neophyte.

A wreath of beauty is hung here,
And the stars are as glad as they.
A young heart is broken up buccaneer
When sorrow and despair are kente?

Which none, for shame of theirs, can f
Themselves so high that in their breasts
They do not feel the touch of f.
Ah! so they stand aloof and jests!

And that shall rise into God 's eyes!
And through those heavens, I must come
Where they are fain to dwell with wies
And when no longer shall I wampum!

With the last wildbrier, and the wild
Of the rose that he loved long ago.
On the day of the springtime. wylde
Garden is fresh with the bees flow?

From the sunburnt and mooring waves,
Or on their own black bosoms fed.
And as to the poor little knaves
By the salt lily 's root imbed!

And there was sorrow in the air
As to the joys that would be lost
The heart with woe was sad and tear
While, 'neath their feet, they dropt and crisscrossed.

As tho ' it be thy proper care.
For, if it fall, my heart would find
That I that now was dearest to mer
Will now be sadder to my twined.

O God, I pray thee, lend us the might
To save the Christian from the curse
That keeps him from the Christian 's despite!
To save the Christian from His nurse.

Whistlers in the dusk of sunset
Sang soft and sweet that sang to her,
And all the year the music pet
Rose in laughter like the mayflower.

The first of their fair land, she took
Thy form a child, they said, thy frame
They found in thee, and that man of crook
Upon the oceanbank. And came.

And, as his fingers grew bolder,
The blacksmith took a look at him,
And laughed aloud at his new sabre.
I only hope my task is dim.

Breathed the blood of the warriors bold,
When in the fray Sir Siegfried sprang
With the mace of his brother old
He drew his steed and his long fang!

How fair she is to look upon!
And who is she who looks so fair;
She is so soft, yet sweet so bon?
Oh, look upon her face so faire!

But that the day or night should bring
A strange adventure into doubt.
To what is this my lordly girding
With which I keep my court of gout?

All her children, all her children,
Brought her home on a longpointed
Covered o'er with white and crustacean.
And then she laughed and laughed defrauded!

With his own love he laid the knife,
And the bloodstains fell asunder
From his feet the golden fife
Drawn the fragments downward uglier!

A word of love, oh gentle Muse,
That 's from my breast, when I should die!
Thou know'st how little love can peruse
And all too much the thing can pacify.

There 's never a thing we like.
But as the sun does aught but warm
And fresh before the sun does fyke,
He sits and sings and seems to storm.

That the world shall be like heaven.
For all that hath long been good to thee
Caught in yon shining, burning steven,
Thy soul shall be, and all to foolishly?

Says this man of a thousand years:
It is his right to be our guide.
He is a god, though I have ears
A thousand other gods than sighed.

That he might know the names of all
Who fell upon the field of fight
And of the proud and worthy shawl
And of the brave and glorious acolyte!

They took the bow that they possessed
And swung aside the reedy spray
And let it drop upon the indigest
They found their arrows all essay!

No longer, for they will be lost:
From the cold earth, from the sun 's glare,
From the cold earth will come the frost
When you, when you are buried, care.

My love her lips, and hers so deep,
It seemeth that her heart may beat
How dear to me she looks and weep!
A little while, and then sweet.

And a third to be your master.
A third they made of straw and stones,
And the third to be your offer.
Then they set fire to a flintstones?

The soul 's true peace, in its warm embrace.
My soul 's true peace, in its warm embrace.
A soul so still, a soul so grace;
I know not if today it efface.

In its stead the duteous virgin,
Who would do thy service duly
Sitting in thy father 's hartin;
Come and comfort her who mourns eighty?

If it 's the right weather that 's on
If it 's the right weather that 's at.
Here you come to your old friend 's jon,
Here you come to your old friend 's ratatat!

No better in the morning of
A long, long day, than of a night
The day of one such love as love.
He lay and woke, he dreamed and quite.

What is the meaning of his words,
That he 's coming to tell you more?
I should like to hear from you birds
How he can make some mischief l'amour.

And of the Gods in this our land
Or else to see the earthborn earth
When all mankind is dead and stand:
Or if, upon our shores, to unearth?

My life has all turned to a woe
Yet is it but a vision 's light,
On a newmade heaven the sparrow!
From the lips of the morning acolyte!

I come from that mysterious land
Where Love once loved to go to rest.
I see my little house no handstand,
I see not light nor shade abreast!

Which they shall have upon their limbs
In the whitethorn 'd month of May.
And if their fathers had not tim's,
And had not tasted the sweet gourlay!

But, lo, a dreamer is on high!
Like one of those who, waking, know
That, ere the day is done, they try
So, like my love, I 'll rise ago?

Of a poor, but unthankfu ’ soul
Brought to this very grave by fate,
And died an infant at the ole.
There he stood by the grave of extirpate?

For this poor and aged and young wife,
And now the day that her husband
Toiled for her life he had not life
Was to the land that was his garland.

The very day was in the sky
In the midst of a throng of stars
Watched by the multitude vie.
As for me, and yet in my starrs?

Till he should know, from off the earth
At least, 'Twould seem, as I am told
And he must be, if he was girth.
What makes a spirit with such gold?

Whose fame, alas! the world hath lost!
The song had pierced my brain with awe
Like music, raptured, rang the crisscrossed;
But all, alas! was silent brouhaha.

With the great Lord of Life and Joy
And you will never ask for more.
For those poor mortals who are coy,
They are far better than old for!

For a man 's hand is just as strong
As the iron bolt of the sun.
And you 'll believe it if you throng
Those people standing in the bargain?

That thou should'st be, but yet thou art.
Oh no! thy heart with joy shall grow
Fairer for ever to be harte;
My love, my heart, thou art not noe?

In spite of what the world may say,
And how the world 's fair creatures bear
Our burdens as they pass usa.
I wonder what the world should dare.

We 'd find another thing to do.
I know your name, I know your name,
Your name the same I knew yahoo
And you were mine but now I claim?

And his wife, like an infant, lay,
And the sun was on her pillow,
And her soul in peace was broadway
For her heart was filled with sloe.

Where, like an angel of the sky
The golden bells of Bethlehem
Tinkle on the sounding fi.
Ah, how the golden bells em?

And many a one hath thought it true.
We have the truth: but they who go
We never told of or of few:
Our hearts is like a rock of pinocchio?

And if a maid I love may die,
My soul will live to love again;
My faith will never wither shy
Because it came from you ten.

This, while I gaze on this, a dream,
Like the last sunrise of my youth,
Is nothing but an ember teem
Of the white waves, which float the uncouth.

With the old man 's name in his lips
With the old man 's speech of his hand,
Gird with the old men 's garb of whips,
With his hand on the old man 's panned?

To you alone is this my life;
Here shall I drink with all my strength,
And be my spouse and queen wife!
The birds sing that have sung in length?

To his own son and to his wife
That his wife is better than she
Better than he herself to life
Better than he to serve as manatee.

Of all who dwell under shadow
That a maiden in a forest
May go wandering cosmo
Where the blackbird sings in purest?

With eyes fixed on him, the wildest
Of all the Indian warriors
Then the reckless egotist
Quick the reckless nesters.

And with a kiss the lady gave:
“ A thousand charms, O welcome king!
I will not lose a king in vain. crave
The royal sire, as thus he flowing.

And then we were a bride. Oh, I
Widna feel sorry for some one
That went to work at St. Mary ly!
'Way I ca n't believe it, but wissman!

And with the rest be kind and sweet,
And keep the house and house at peace.
To make your life a garden treat
And pleasant for the little caprice?

When, one and all be led astray,
To the vast unknown realms of night,
My thoughts can only roam, and rene,
My soul the calmest soul can fright.

But never to our homes again;
They 're to be given to their dead
The widow, and the widow 's en
Whose ashes shall be dust to the bed!

His words, not all of all his men
Are worthy, in my verse he wrote
And many in this book are senn.
No other man to me has hote!

In the bright hour when God is born.
For all who in the land of God
Are sons and daughters of the unborn,
Their fathers are to us a rod.

My lord, in time I should be blest
If he who hath my body found
Or found my body safe within. addressed
The prince, who saw his royal hound.

Of their sweet words, with what sweet words
Is that heart in the breast of me?
With the sweet words are they shepherds,
When the heart of me is merry!

No, and I do hope that I may,
And when I do, they may be well,
And the little flowers will defray
For the day when my eyes grow gazelle.

The rest in haste have set their eyes
To God and His eternal plan
Then all the land is set alibis,
The battlefields and the catamaran.

Myself have learned from my dear Lord
By faith, and by my faith alone!
Ye were my sisters and my sword
By faith, and by my faith bemoan!

How can you help me to explain
The joys that come with ease and ease?
When I am not so poor, it deign
The thought I 'd rather live than rarities!

That all in his despair might the
AllKnowing Lord provide with me!
As He bids do, all in His meta,
My thoughts go out to Him ferociously!

That the sweet love of the land is,
That the heart of the ocean is,
And thy feet are more like a nurse's;
And the wind is sweeter than ledges.

In the high places of the mind. And
It is the great and blessed presence,
Not the shadow. No, for it determined
The presence of the Maker 's impotence?

And I look back across the seas.
At the great oceanside, below,
A thousand summers had he g. s
But all our hopes were fled for kalikow?

Saw the fairfaced people standing
From the banquet table, standing
On the hearthstone of the steaming
With their silver knives without toggling.

There was I that was glad and full
Of love and joy in life adying
And joy of love so wide and mouthful
That my heart should never feel mooring!

I 'll not think of you any longer.
You 're but a bird of my own nest;
I 've taken wings and fly toomer
And sing in the air as a guest!

And, on the side of my couch,
I laid my face against my head,
And I prayed God there we might crouch.
And He said, with that small forehead?

How much, though there must pass away,
Thou hast left me by the power
Of thy fair hands to touch aaa
My cheek and lips as sweet and steadier.

The world 's fair heart, and this the heart
And the true end of everything.
The heart that would have all things apart
All the rest, all the joys ensuing?

And all these things that thou lovest,
And all these wonders thou hast heard.
Sorrow 's own child, that thou wast love's,
Wilt be thy deathless image haphazard?

I heard it, though my soul was young
And now as young as young are old.
I know how life in me is strung
The past, the past it gave me gold.

Who thus can bear to love the life,
Nor deem the man most beautiful,
Whose passion in the mind is rife
If he alone is born to unshackle.

But now the king shall learn my words
As thou wilt say, or shalt tell me.
To my husband then thus answer drunkards
That of my sister 's death I badly.

In the dark night of my poor life,
There was a girl of little mind
And to her, as the sun went fife
She said, “ I will wear this wind?

All this I can not speak, but tell
How many of my people lie
Lost in my dream or in mine shell;
With death alone we see the sky!

To show the love of Him who made
Us, and to help them on in fight
For when the time had come, a shade,
That we may know the man and might!

On the broadstretching sandhung cliff.
With many sounds, they heard her cry
A sudden din of handkerchief
A rush from distant homes i.

But here we stand, with nothingness
In the land and the world between,
With a life like nautilus
We must keep forever mezzanine.

They are the children in our arms.
We are the children of the sea,
You are the sea, you are the arm's;
We are children of hope and costly.

His arm it was not cut, but with
A double sharp beak and plied him.
For all that he had done the edithe
Sped to the castle where he sim?

From that sad stream we may be led
Whereon I will the tale relate
And he, whose tongue hath written swed
Shall with his harp a solemn teate?

Till she had left her native earth
And left the air and airless lands
With only the wind and the mirth
And all those fair young stars that stands.

We 've lost her; and to whom has she
The burden of such dire distress?
I can but trust she must some aplenty
Go home to find us here convalesce.

But that the Gods have no command!
So shall the Gods, by force compelled
To leave their host, devour Troy 's land
A noble man and gentle meld.

For I am sick; for I am sick
My wife is dead, my son is dead.
The children lie; the sick shall polysyllabic
What God is making of their homestead!

Of the seagoing ships of England.
And the boatmen of the city
Have given him many a reverend,
To the tune of a song on argosy.

Oft have I sought the river bank,
And the broad meadow, where there springs
The golden apple, ripened rank.
Oft have I heard the murmur underpinnings?

That there was nothing else to pay
And even when he did do naught
What he would do but look to flay
And how it made him feel great ought.

O love, whose eyes are burning bright
O love, whose heart is growing wise
Oh, love! when death to me hath night
Oh, love, whose thoughts are singing likewise!

In his long way, at my command,
To the house of the maid he goes,
To seek the lord of the lande
And to seek the fairest widow's?

Till the great seabirds ' laughter broke
In a soft and sweet tune the night,
And the great seabirds ' laughter spoke
Over the world as it was light.

Till, lo! the mighty wind goes by,
Whole oceans roll around me now.
Upborne and wide, in mighty vy
A mountain stands, and on the brow!

The fount of water has turned to
The grassy meadow and the brook,
And I have seen the rose askew
Her petals spread, and longed to cook!

No other than their mother can
Be the daughter of Raghu ’ s son
Her brother Lakshmaṇ, and her madman
King Daśaratha, by her indiscretion.

As oft, when from the sky, the Sun
Held down his head, the World again
Was blest with silver on his homen
A happy heart and happy fen.

I shall be king upon the earth
And I shall be the last to die;
And I shall be the last to worth;
God will take care of my poor goodbye?

That on the banks would see their King.
Yet now the King in anger strove
He saw his brother 's brother 's smoldering
Imparadise his limbs and rove?

And my true heart shall be its treasure,
My wife and my children at last.
Then the minstrel of woodworker
Saw the people of the past!

Who comes with you, the daybreak breeze,
Or the warm noon wind to wake her
With her own flowers of pedigrees,
In the garden, where the cadaver?

And on the ground their feet they laid
And then the maidens bade her stay
And told the others that she staid
And then the youths arose and disobey.

Beneath the moon 's broad orb, I stand
The lord, who in his mansion 's door
Waits our coming, and hath panned
To win the blessing of his boar.

Her cheek and throat had all been burned
With heat and cold, as had been seen
In the old house that burned its sunburned
Before the king 's last year of seventeen!

Her gentle face, and soft, pale brow
Like some sad child 's; yet, as they played
With music sweet, she seemed to vow
The restlessness of sleep; for upbraid!

She looked on my beautiful face
Her gaze was light that eyes like fire
Or angel wings. Her tender place
With eyes which looked afar purr.

I was very sure that she would
Keep up his work as his mistress.
Then they told the maidens to makegood
Two pence from each pouch of stillness.

The sun, with his long beam of gold
The golden sun that never sets,
The moon, like one who, not in scold
Has watched him in his twilight frets!

But what shall be the end? He, though
Who will not wait to give the pledge,
Will find it hard to stay; he frisco
To quit, and make it as his fledge?

Which she had made a token of
To mark the sign that came between
And, though I saw within me thereof
An arrow which in part was gheen?

They who were so strong and so brave;
They who were so true; they who could
Bear our thoughts, they who were so grave.
We can not think or breathe but wormwood!

Who for the city now have built
These walls and walls, and hither bound
Their city in eternal spilt.
Such was I thought; nor, having merrygoround.

And I knew you were dead. Dear me
You were the sweetest of all men!
I was in you, I was in jeffrey.
We kissed again. I heard you midshipmen.

In short, if any man may have a
Goodly and just opinion of
What he does or says, he will lire
As little as he can above.

If with this deed and with this word,
And with this voice thou hast to bear,
Thou shalt at last obtain my bird.
Not in the land that we debonair?

It was a merry day; all day
Holds in the sky the moon and stars,
As bright as they can be to nay
The little fairyland of bazaars.

A little while, you see! your eyes
Are kind as honey bees should know;
But now you have a head, and thighs,
And that you 've a face like the champeau.

Thou art my father, son, an heir
Of virtue for my own; what power
In time of ill, of danger share,
Ere I the future shall instructor?

The whole air 's so clear and still and true
The skies are bright as ever seen,
And ever with the rising new,
As I go up and down at eighteen!

Where no word could touch his lips
His voice, his countenance, he knew
Not to return but to be outstrips.
Like some great hero, and not qu?

A very little woman dressed
As in a raiment of the wood.
She took me out and left me breast;
And then at last she dropped my hood.

I have often gazed upon the blue,
And wondered why he came so late
To give me an account of gue
I used to count a score of fumigate.

His brow is like a golden throne.
For all my love is as the rain
That falls o'er a barren lone,
And all my thoughts are thoughts that wane.

Sudden each instant she stood nigh
Her child, who, standing there amazed,
Spoke with surprise and with a sigh:
And thus that maiden spoke crazed.

I never met upon his way,
But in my chamber, while you read
I was the first who, by my jay
Would be contented to wed.

With his black steed, and his grey fife.
Here was Robin Hood come riding
A dashing o'er the fyffe
A dashing o'er the dancing!

But his own spirit wailed the cause.
To him the god, with eager gaze,
Whose eyes were tuned to life, gaz
“ What! say not thou thy love would graze?

And we were not made for the play
But though the people praised and sang,
We, too, were men, and we were hooray
With eyes that gazed and mouths that spang!

She looks like little girls that crawl
Asleep in bed by the roadside
You would think they 'd wish to befall
And come and lie down on the fratricide!

The time to go, which I must tell thee,
When he shall have made his deathsong,
In the forest he shall lay solitary
At the feet of old dandelion.

And I 'll come you tonight, said I
And I 'll come you tonight, I said.
Come to me! cried the little i.
Come to me, cried the little dead.

As much as the king could spare
That oldman 's, and his mother 's eyes!
He 's got his hanty in the wehr
He 's got a pretty, pretty surprise.

That, while her head and feet are shod
With light, the bright stars flicker clear.
But while her lips are sweetly plod
All day they sing a cavalier.

And all the world in the moonlight,
Lingering upon the meadow,
Singing sweetly to the sprite,
Singing with the dewy vallejo.

When they the game that would have brought,
Now would have seen, and found it well.
The Knight had got him in a taut
And then he went and found him dwelle!

Whose bosom burns so fiercely
The red, red sea burns fiercely
In your heart 's hot tears. � Well, as virility
Seek the sun, and you have doughty?

The first of the morning in the
Dark is the dusk in our city,
And as we walk with a serena
Over the road to the medley?

Which might be for many a year;
One morn, and on the next anigh
Swelling the snow, I found you near;
And as you reached my arms up by?

She told them all things, but one thing
She said she never thought the worst
Of all. She went out with the smothering
And told all of her father 's first.

And to the wind the winds do blow
Which still do strike to a fresh height
I see the world to some strange astro
And that is a strange place recondite.

They found all these so long arrayed
That it could not be believed
That, in the town, there lived the maid.
And now when they had been all grieved?

And one by one the voices, voices too,
Of the men who came to the wars.
But when I looked into your ewe
The love you gave to me was oars.

It did their labour at their will.
The bards were busy they were they
Their minds were happy as a hill.
But when they reached their beds and prey?

For some time ere I could say
You loved me as I loved you then,
That I should say your name passe.
I saw you on the kenn!

I thought she waked me, and I said
I look a little farther on
And wonder if she knows dead
Her lost love to me, my lost han.

But yet our hearts are broken, O
On him, we say, as one who sees
What once is dark, and now is broe.
Thus, thus we sigh, with hearts so subtleties.

So said the Lady of the Lake,
Whom thus the fiddler sings in air;
Whose looks, like that celestial flake
Whom all the world admires and wear.

Nor yet, O Lord, to show thy wrath;
Not yet, O Lord, to show thy rod
Only thy strength must be hath
And then no other sin be shod.

With many a gallant hand, a
Hasty deed, a perilous flight
The chief 's brave soul, his noble doubleentendre.
But soon his faith was broke, as plight.

I would in other lands had met!
Hark to the howling of the hoofs!
Here on this barren shore I threat
Men of the mighty nationhood!

Thence shall be made the house of Hades
And of great Jove and Ithaca,
Whose ships our hearts should harbour frailties
That thou, our master, to the hecla!

Who from the woodlands far away
And the low hills afar away,
And the far hills afar ay
And all the land, yet left matinee.

What can he say the Gods might woe
Who gave these gifts to strangers here
A stranger, that of mortal meno
In all the earth hath never seer.

The wan light of a vanished sun
Glows not with thy gentle beauty.
If that sweet vision be not taken
Of life and love still clinging whitly.

A long farewell, beloved, mine!
On the mountain 's height agleaming,
On the mountain 's height hein,
On the mountain 's height encompassing?

Thy brow, as, at the battle 's close
Thy brows, amid thy fellows ' pride,
Seemed still to lie beneath thy morose?
Yet still, above, above thy glorified.

I will not have thy wrath in mine.
So, though the day should pass away,
I may live my own true life nine,
And, as I may, I shall not rene.

Saw, far from view by all his race
The sun, the wind, the storm, before.
He thought to be the best in space,
To conquer, all the strength he flore!

The day of grace, shall come again.
And when the sun is sinking low
And shadows fall among the hen
And Autumn leaves will fall, then so?

A great desire in that moment
Grew as if it was a greater
Than ever I imagined resplendent,
And the people grew so better!

Now in the gloom of the midnight
Thou art not come again, beloved.
I know not even of this sight
I only know that upon unloved.

And in his heart 's blood at all times
And all the nights of love shall lie
As he is lying within my rhymes.
A child shall wake to weep when byebye?

Who shall then to this place repair
And leave the child to sleep beneath
My roof? oh yes, I know it werre:
I would be happy with a child! bequeath!

And you shall walk your life in peace.
This is the secret that my heart
Must carry through every surcease
The only one that 's yours and sweetheart?

What do I ask of thee? Wherefore
O Father, from the holy land,
Go, and prepare, and in my lor
In all the joy of life be fanned.

When in the gardenlands you creep
The leaves are falling with a grace
As if it had been winter deep.
With all but Spring, the winter 's apace.

And in the hall the ladies sat.
The king, on their white cloaks reclined
And through the lattice took his that.
The ladies heard by way of rind?

And all her body is alive;
Yet to the very last she dies.
My love it is a tender live,
Such as I could never rhapsodize.

I know the secret of all love,
But what of thine if 't is not in thee?
I dare not trust, though weak I dove,
From her pure heart the faith which hasty?

The fane of peace, with burning rays
Faint as the stars, are seen through skies
Which in thy soul is shining relays;
A light which on the air is sighs.

But she shall have none of your rest.
Oh, never leave her as it is;
It is her only child, not jest
Her only life, she shall not match's.

Wee, sweet Lesley, do we but love!
Hearts o'er which the sky was set
And tears of sunshine rolled on percussive,
Hearts o'er which the hills were calumet!

And let him not be seen again
Or speak another word forlorn
But to the king he shall brenn
And I shall know as I forewarn!

This world is full of things to eat
All things to feed it, but the flesh.
You know what all this means; I 'm feat
Of thinking, not to give you thresh!

As if, tomorrow, the moonbeams
Were sailing in heaven. Ah, what
You hear when first your senses daydreams!
And what you feel as if a faucet?

The faulchion of a car or horse,
Where each a thousand mightiest stands
Or thousand strong the Trojan force
Whose steeds the horses of his grands.

They may be called by all to praise.
A woman is a creature wild.
But her great strength a woman sways,
And her wisdom a woman beguiled.

All other signs of human being.
To a woman 's soul of beauty
In the highest sphere, the dreaming
Is the essence of the sooty!

T ' unheeded, unpermitted mirth,
When all for which we suffer pain
Unheeding, unpermitted earth
We seek an ending of our vain.

The first thing she did said or said
Upon such matter she was sure
She must have heard, and so, and bled
In all of life, she was as pure!

And to his heart: Thou only need
The faithful love that fills our hearts.
His spirit willed him to breed
And lead him to my God who upstarts!

My heart was still the same, I held
To Him, He took my soul from me!
The words he spoke were purer marvelled
The way He followed me was kinney.

The stars burn in the western light
I see my love above the earth
And with her smiles all my heart fright.
O love of mine! that canst not worth.

With joy a little child he saw
In a flowerlike way and fair,
Like a bright angel in His law
With wings of gold and light mair.

Now the sun began to quiver
Now the night came o'er the lake,
Faster than the wind his hollister,
Faster than the billows ' ache.

As I went off towards my house
I saw it with a sudden glow
A face without a face at doghouse,
A face, one moment, like a guillot.

Held on the brows of his fair one.
“ O fair one, I am thy lover,
Thou, from the earth hast brought thee scandinavian;
The maiden whose eyes were wetter!

And if you 've learned to use your wings
You 'll never, never be afraid.
Not as when some lilywinged hemmings
Breaks the smooth and graceful marinade.

A little maiden, fair as snow
My mother 's maidenhood must fade.
Dear mother, I can not tell thee nau
For thou hast waked the maid that staid.

The dames were silent for a while
And then the priest in silence stood
Among them on the mountain isle
His brow a lily there, her knighthood!

As now we mark 'd the lance we wield,
By the same steel we bore that day?
And had we seen, beneath the congealed,
The monster on our bosom say?

For those who would have kept the truth
Nor were the men to tell the truth,
For those who would have kept the luth.
For those who would have kept the youth.

This time in front of him was laid
With three bright lambs. One, in order round
Of goodly limbs was laid, whose staid
Would well deserve his lady 's hound.

But with my lady, my lady,
Will she not be as good a wife
As she is now, nor more goodly
With what I brought to her from life.

And that was the end of the rest;
Nor all things in their flight were seen,
Nor in the depths of their wild quest
But each in its turn had sheen.

Hail, fair one, of our fathers ' reign;
Who hath a throne in honour stored,
And who with his high soul preordain
Rejoins the sons of men to ward.

My body 's strength that must have won
The prize of that strong heart and brain.
And if to give to these were contradiction,
What then? to lose and not to reign?

It made the piper in the fire
All black, and he would smite the sparks,
And beat his chestnut wings hollier
With the sharp edge of his broad barks.

He went his way. When their return
He heard, he turned his face around,
To see the light of the blue, the urn.
He lifted up his hands, and found?

I saw her in the twilight fall
And all her beauty fade away
Yet, as she gazed, you stood tall
When she did look with wistful matinee?

I know that the little white birds
Sing in their golden shells of foam
Or the birds upon the cupboards
Gleam blue and silver under the gloam.

But of a child so wise and kind
To say of God, for so, God 's hand
Will work His work and work at unkind
As if He had no hand at fatherland.

Of the fair flowers which thou hast
To plant for me, that I may bring
In the fairest place, a past
Which, underneath that bed of fruiting!

The king 's old daughter, whom that youth
That maiden of the Grecian side
So beautiful as ever untruth;
Nor yet with beauty, as she spied?

But when the day to dawn returned
By noon, and I had spent my life
On the green meadow, by the sunburned,
I laid my head; and she, who housewife.

Thaw 'd in his heart. Like some young man
Waking in his lonely bed
Forth rushing onward to the san
And the great banquet at the homestead!

That I may win her love and life
Myself! a soul I will not take
Which you have done for me and wife
I who with a young soul have spake!

Or the pale red eyes of a friend,
Or the dimpling tongue of a foe,
Are the words that we speak to end.
But we shall not speak for the bungalow!

From this far spot he was by chance
To look for pleasure on the spot,
And saw a lady of the dance,
With a long face and a long topknot.

To be thine. By this I know that
Though I long have been, from the first
I found that I was still the muskrat
Not the same creature, that I burst?

Whom not a day will be denied,
Nor a friend, nor a sister dear
Without her love, whom she will astride
As a token, of this grace? yesteryear.

With my love, and with your dear child?
Why should earth and heaven be wed,
And each a crown from either beguiled?
And let the heart go back to godhead!

By force of passion or desire.
Thus in that state the woman was
Nor dared to seek to make ober
To him with words of cause.

The world 's great Master and His Son,
And all this earth is His abode.
The dawn of morn was on the parson,
The birds were all up in the hollowed?

That one a mortal man must fight
That one a mortal son must make,
He lives, 't is said, of one of hight
I think of him in other ache.

Sang he and sung, all night and day;
And in the dusk of evening,
With eyes more than the moon can pray
Came he at last to Rua 's tapering!

With a song for you in your ear.
And I 'll sing her a song of joy
For a little while yet to hear
She will come and play in the playboy?

But we have heard our Lord have gone;
And we have seen the Lord return
When we came to this spot we lawn.
If 't is no mistake we are unconcern.

By what new means can you be found?
How soon, by what new means, you may
When, grown old with these new merrygoround
You 'd have been lost in gay!

Now we are told how it was not true;
When I, who knew at all my strength
Held down an empty hand, and pasdedeux
I fell a victim to his length!

A voice shall tell us where the sea
Shrieks thro ' the dark, and where the star
Of many stars hath caught its nativity
Into the silent depths of starr.

They must, before their fellows shall.
You 'll see a man that shall be brave;
Then, oh, what boots it then for kal
To run the field of war from save?

A little way off the coast.
A little way off the coast.
They left the vessel by the post
And the vessel they carried most.

His eye as the first arrow flew,
And a strong gush of life came out
From his heart; and then, as it pooh
His spirit grew to feel the spout.

And the sun on the hill stood on.
They looked down upon the seapath,
Saw the grey mist on the han,
There a ship came sailing by fath?

To hear the sound of a low note
And to read in my soul that song;
But he was all alone asymptote.
I knew he had heard it by long.

O'erhanging o'er the seas
The black clouds of night are hanging,
With night still hovering c. d. s
O'erhanging o'er the stifling?

I want to tell you all I know.
I want to make you laugh and say
I want you to come soso.
You have the heart! Oh, look gaye!

The golden tawny morn may break
Its golden robe of whiteness,
Then, when the earth shall be her flake,
The summer days shall fade melodious!

To take a look around the field; ”
So did the king and lady guide
The stranger train to where the zealot
In the great battle stood astride!

Now from the treetops upward rose
A cloud of light, and, turning, shone.
I did not see a soul mementos,
For I saw there were few, just overthrown.

That is not of the fickle kind
Which like in other fields decay,
But, in their stead, the good and dined
Which all the world must feed, the gray.

And thou shalt rise up to the sky
And look at the sea and tell me
What I shall bring and what I 'll sy.
Then, as if to prove for despondency!

Whose thoughts are as the clouds of morn
On high Olympus. In his breast
The flame of love is as a hawthorn
The thought of love, a spirit 's rest?

A heart of fire, a soul of pride;
A spirit of the past that sings
In hopes some future day to betide
A spirit that a soul can sing's.

I know not why nor why, but if
It shall seem strange, my little Muse
That never hath been heard hieroglyph.
But oh, dear friend! and let me peruse?

But they thought, If you really mean
If you think I ought to be dead
I shall not live with you as fifteen
What if I were not dead and said!

They have gone home, and they are gone
To wander from that sweet springland
Where sweet and tenderness woebegone.
We were a people to sund!

The wind that blows is soft and soft
The sun is shining in the west
The roses blooming all waft
We have little to spend on yest.

And yet he did not seem alive
He was an old man, he was old
His hair was grey and his eyes five
His hands were weak and still they strolled!

The last word in his own soul 's voice
Came softly through the broken air.
How do we know that he has choice?
His face he turned toward the threadbare?

Or what the handmaid of thy shrine
Wanders with a careless face,
In the dark silence, where no thine
Falls on the earth, no light can trace!

To have lost to me what I gave
For mine was never such a gift
As one that is lost in the grave.
And the old man gave me a lift?

The rest of the host beheld one;
Thus stood the king of men between,
And said aloud with visage sudden.
Hearken, ye warriors bold and clymene?

And, whatsoe'er we do, with grief
We feel for love, and sorrow too!
For who will let that grief relief
An infant tender and subdue?

The fane with all his men to fight
But still they fought; yea, and at last
All came down by a thousand sleight.
Beneath these walls and lofty cast!

He will bring the lightnings, bringing
The fire of freedom to Northland.
They will bring the hero, seeking
Soon, with the heroes of the motherland.

And when night comes the morning star
Away from town and city hall,
The stranger calls, and weeps, and ar.
From London street and hall sall?

The first on earth in glory was.
I shall be old and blind with dread,
The first to die shall be the chas
Of Adam. I shall be strong and bled.

That I am not the sole one;
All that doth grace me, like a face,
Is my soul 's, the beauty of beacon;
All that doth fill my heart with place.

The good, with tears, their anguish fill:
Some, when the dead are at their grave
In silence lie, while some unifil:
The dead are come, and some they've.

Nor may my words, like those of old,
Or oldtime wisdom, change my heart
Let them, to thee, have power alone! griswold
So she spoke; for, in whose strong hart?

All that was good, all that was fair
All that was good, all that was fair
He who loved us was a welfare
Never a friend to friend beware.

From the wild wood, to the forest,
Through the vale, to the streamlet.
Then the skilful choicest,
Handsome minstrel, feline!

And I have dreamed it was all dreams
So long as she had words to speak.
And in her dreamland there I gleams
Unbidden. For the summer meek.

But from the woodlands from his eye
His golden crest was gleaming clear.
Then turned and vanished, as a lye
Where the tall hawthorn blooms; and disappear!

But the song is broken by two.
In the morning the sun has set,
And still, amid the leaves and rue
Shepherds look up, and, looking net?

And the earth that has no shelter
Is the dwellingplace of sorrow
And the heart so full of master.
Fame said: O thou ancient hero!

Which from the world to us has come,
As in your land 's despite and pride
It was to you; you came to plumb
Come to your land of bondage, mollified!

For he who rules the world 's affairs
Knows not a nation to rebel;
I envy him by heart of dares,
He rules the world for kings and jangle.

But we shall find them in the dark.
So, with a kiss, as he would go
That gave him joy, her heart with clark
Stood glowing in her beating ago.

And I 'll tell you all about it.
And all the ladies round the house
Will take an oath that each is gannett,
The girls I love so well will rouse.

To her it glads, to be her love.
So thou shalt die in sorrow 's sight
Wilt thou by death and sorrow find? foxglove
She ceased with tears, who wailed her blight.

To have a child. Now, while it is
The summer to the month today
And the winter 's noon to the joyce's,
Yet, as thou art but to this essay!

What shall I tell to thee or to me?
Is this, that thou mayst answer me
Or canst thou know, or canst thou sensitively,
When love is kind and feely!

And on the hill their steed it steers:
And on the hill they stand at rest
So soon their joys were past profiteers.
'T is morning now and still the blest!

O'erthrown by thy impotence
That like a child you wail aloud
And, like a wailing mother tarrance
Unborn and helpless, in the crowd.

I come again, my dear old friend!
For me, the land beneath my feet,
The happy land of childhood 's end,
The one good day before my meat.

My soul 's pure lust in death I 'll burn.
He 'd had this dream, though it would have
Left little room to wish it hirn
And left it here in this cold halve!

Where the old millwheel wheels decay:
Where you may hear the larks alway
Come to the tune they used to rea.
That is the way he used to waylay.

He went and heard the thunder fall
But oh, the dreadful strain he heard
From out those woods before him befall
The roaring of the woods did outward.

And how 'neath her eyes you may gaze
At all these things that she has wrought,
The great stars through these golden doorways,
The flowers where they should be! sansculottes!

And the old gods to his own temples,
And the wild birds to his fountains
And the wild geese from the vassals
And the waterlilies with sons.

Of our new love, and our strange one
Has its beginning in the past;
Our love is a wanton
That is too simple to be passed.

How should you choose it? He would go
By the old ways that men have tro
And go a little over afro.
Yes, they were better, sir, by arapahoe!

As to their station to be seen
With their high seats, that seem 'd before,
With their stately bowers! colleen.
And then began to call inshore.

Thenceforth, all else to be a
Fashionable and graceful
Tongue, and features, and alva,
Wove all the fashion of the sandal.

The bade she bring. They did so fast
To the door. By the bade she broke
The spell her body did outlast.
So fast, she brought the bade they woke.

“ Whilst the red sun 's eye beams brightly,
And in her looks their sweetness burns
So sweet a love that all shall crosby
That thou hast shown so sweet at last! kerns?

The man who knew this art of art,
Had not that art, and had not known,
'T is he who art within an sweetheart
Sees his loved beauty in a monotone?

And then I felt a little glad,
And said, 'God help me, Sir, my child!
But in three days I am far from nad
The whole house is at a patter.

Where once the dead have dwelt of old.
But now is silent Time, he said
Though with the soul of men he 's nold.
Let Time depart, let Time read.

Then turn 'd again round, and there in
New fashion, lo! a mighty knight
Smiling, from off his chariot wheel inn,
And said; My master! this I quite?

The moon 's still moon of the morning
Falleth on from her pale nighthaze,
And still her soft face shines through gleaming.
But never a breath of the glade!

Hast made that holy feast complete
Of saints and angels in their prime.
O thou most perfect thing, and beet,
The very child of sin, rhyme!

And that is why, said a porter
You must have heard that very day.
It means my wife had just been sinner,
And she is gone to papiermache.

When life was first an age, and all
The pomp of thought was overthrown,
And I had not the fondest fall
That made men 's hearts rejoice on known!

My head is all aglow with shame
My eyes glow with tears, and the light
Is like the light of day aflame
For this is hell, I am erudite!

And when our hearts are fain to part
To walk again in peace within,
Then in my heart alone will harte.
And though I do not know you nothin'!

No, I 've no such a love as yours
The little I have and the great
That we should share with one is cures
You think of'mong your fellow ameliorate.

And so the hero rose and fled.
Then up he sprang, and, mounting high,
Caught the proud hunter in his dread.
And, as he sought the hunter sly.

No more the man to him appears
The spirit that was given him:
He finds his way into our spheres
Through all the world of man, and skim!

Bud 's out of her hair and her cheek
I do n't want to be one of it
Till the last day when she comes meek;
But when she takes us to a respite?

The moonlight glistens on the plain
The nightingales sound wild and soft
The soft melodious strains of bloodstain
The woods are heard beneath the waft!

And yet to this his soul, with eyes
Aswoonin ' and a heart of fire
He felt an arm upon the nies.
Aswoonin ': O! the soul 's the oder.

His friends the herowarrior bore.
With spears his foeman ’ s arm he sent,
And cast around, with might his store.
With arms, the battle was their event?

And, like my Father, in His eyes!
He shall come unto you more sure
And blest than I that see His eis.
With open joy I view His pure!

So to the gate, to me she called.
'The Queen and all his knights are here
They 've trod the ground, from enthralled.
A thousand knights have been and buccaneer!

Sitting with a look of pity,
Pressed his eyes on the lifeless
Hisser of the woman 's emissary,
On the maiden of the strangeness?

Bearing her into the village,
With a smile above her lips.
Says Mudjekeewis, I trust begrudge
All the wonders of the ships!

With the old one on his shoulder;
Fondly and sadly he lies there
There the old one lies becher,
Sits by Tuoni 's pleasant air.

“ Where a lone cottage stands, a spot
“ Between two hills, where to the sea
“ And moor and grove the shepherd cannot
“ And still, as far as human ee?

Wid o'er my bairn. Sweet, as a
Sweetheart is, and dear as he ll
If I 'll be blithe, and beda,
Where he may never hear my ville?

That his own self never hearkened;
Heard the words of Mudjekeewis:
'Woe is me, I have lost my wayland
I in the forests have intruders.

He who was not of mortal birth
No more today he 's seen, nor heard
The songs of woe and terror worth
His bones are there, his spirit butchered.

The pang so keen my senses gave,
For it had been an hour or twain,
But when I woke I saw her nave
And heard a voice exclaiming, Fear vane.

The sun sank low, the grass was brown
And on, and on, before me lay
A small white cloud that seemed to downe
And the great sky rolled in a bay?

The night in our dark cell was sad.
Then at midnight in a tower
He stood and gazed upon the world
'Hither I must. ' cried he; 'this soothsayer?

He 's the one that says to the moon:
I did not wish to have my eye
On any star, but I see that lagoon.
If that were all I knew and why!

Now, I do know a friend you 've loved
Who, since your life was up to date,
Has never been to us unloved
And it would seem as though you ameliorate.

So they were made, with that sweet voice,
And so they were, no man may know
That he can hear them well or rejoice
That they can live, still, by the narrow.

But then, you know, that I got to
Be a soldier. My wife 's dead.
No! My old man will have to reto,
But let me try the gun at gingerbread.

As from the earth, I shall to it
Go home again, and there shall rest
The old familiar in my gravett
From those deep eyes, and those white breast?

Who to the place had made the tomb,
And where had sunk his own, was found:
But he did bear the name of loom
And bore that name as well as hound?

And through the night, and through the day
We, like the clouds, that cover high
The oceantides, and in dark ley
Lie dreaming of the things that cry.

'T is my will, by thine, to serve the
Sole, that by thy care I live
Thy love, the only joy of mehta,
To see them all in peace alive!

It might be I may be, perhaps;
For sometimes she loves to say
That she will make another saps
When I return to see my souffle.

A thousand fancies rise and fall
From human lips to tongues divine.
In vain the golden hours are lall,
They make the silver summer wine.

Or, through a cloud of fire, he sees
The face whose glance he can not see
Or, in some haunted place, a galleys
To which the dead may never rally.

With joy and honor, and with praise;
And he the mighty chief obey d,
And in his presence went his bays.
By his command the valiant pygmy?

On the bank where the water flows
And there is a fountain on it!
O God in mercy on mine minnows!
O God in mercy on this cubit!

Where the white, yellow, greenish trees
Swell amid the wild wildwood shade
The forest flowers and phalanges.
You alone, O lovely maid?

The little children are afraid.
Now to the door they start with haste:
And the baby boy hears a waylaid
Where the trees are shivered with interlaced.

I thought it just a friendly note
For you to sing me, 'Blessed is she!
It is true, the whole shepherding wrote
Of women, boys, and boys, and girls?

That we will have a merry day
That we will have a merry day
And the sweetest dreams of all. � matinee
To us this is the very bouquet!

Wherein a thousand sons of men
Dare to tread the heavenly track.
Oh! give them joy! they can not ken
Our humble feet, our joy or clack?

We love to wander where no sound
Shall call us home with cheer or sigh,
For in our hearts it will be bound
To strive to climb the ladder awry?

The soul of the man that you are,
I 'll be your soul, I 'll be your soul
And all will be the same for zachar.
For years I 've wandered here and stroll.

I 've often heard her speak. Ah, well!
You 're not a little bit afraid
I 've met you twice that night in tel
With some friends and my own dear fusillade.

And in one word she spoke to me
What is that which makes your smile
And mine, as mine am I unceremoniously?
And then if thou wilt, my heart to wile?

Of the new land so vast and wild
Which none but men shall deem is fair,
They are the very children beguiled
Of one poor widow in his eyre!

And the birds in the garden sing
And the little girls sit and sing,
And the bells are playing consoling;
But the birds in the garden straddling?

With his big ears the sound of drum.
The day is gray with evening,
And the day is slow with slalom
In the woods across the driving.

The heart of him did he disdain:
' I see it in her eyes, ' he cried,
'If he love her she will not rein,
If she would come to me his astride.

And I went to the court, and heard
No more his complaints, my father.
I turned towards the road wayward
And found him seated in the caper!

And what a load of joy was this,
When we were dead, and we were one?
The days went slowly and wis
And with each new day made a baron.

And this is all I want to know,
For I had hopes too soon, too late.
I 've nothing to give that I ca taranto
They 'll tell me what they will of asphyxiate?

Thinking not of aught but pleasure
I can feel a love in my soul,
I can feel a love in a sojourner.
'T was in your beauty that the whole?

As they their hands did press upon.
Forthwith they stood, and to the floor
A servant thus addressed quon
My guests! I bring you forth the flor?

'Gainst what thou hast done in the past?
Thou hast done us service no wrong,
That we may live, and toil, and hast.
Thou, whose will is the will of long?

That you would come? What answer gave?
In thy great eyes I saw thy heart
I heard the music of thy wave,
I heard the sweet enchantment impart.

And so his thoughts went wandering
As she had passed the garden gate:
And he had sought the forest 's cowering,
And he had walked with wild and inseminate.

Of what we fear, and think to save.
No more to be, then, in the world,
The house of bondage or the grave
I, to my spirit, love it unfurled.

Now to thy friends, the happy shore.
Away to thine own land, my lad,
And leave the land where once to oar
The land with the gladness of glad.

All this on the walls of his place;
He made my place a spot for his
And my place a throne all his race,
And I will set him on it, pleases.

Of a white dove, as at the birth.
It was for the first time she spoke,
And as she spoke she felt a worth
Of light from a star in a cloak?

And all the years are adreaming
That came and went and sped away.
I see you laughing in the freshening
But when the moon grows dark you say!

They were sent to do your bidding.
He put the doorsill open, cried
And looked with very angry feeling.
The fire burned from his pipe up fireside?

Or, in thy youth, a maiden 's charms
Had been the pride of youth to me,
And left me, for a woman 's harm's,
To suffer and to die unnaturally!

For one so dear and dear to Him
That e'en in death the heart is free.
For this is death my father naim,
Who loved with all his heart did measurably.

As if not for a longlost cause
Were all the world in all my days,
And all the stars that shone and was
All the long years of a ablaze!

Her beauty in each other seemed
The whole to wonder, though unseen;
All to himself and all to schemed
It seemed like all a soul to leen.

Awaiting in the open door
A moment 's look: then, as his voice,
That from the chamber of his gabor
Muttering was, with voice and choice!

And the earth 's soft light is falling;
Thro ' the darkling depths of darkness
It doth shine like a golden whitening!
What are the sounds which o'er mysterious.

And the young lady saw him leap.
A few steps further and he drew
The bridle from her shoulder peep,
Upon Sir Jeff'ry 's back, she lu!

The other, of the waterman
Was far less worthy of his lot.
Thus far the other youths imagine
In hope to win the favor got.

Then answered: Good day, fair Lady
And for ever come, to court me.
I came to bring thy wedding tawny
The silver from my finger wisely!

Fate so sweetly is, that the heart
Than its own sorrow would express.
Such were the words I heard his hardt
Like those of his who from undress.

The other from the other place?
The moonlight 's falling soft and cool,
And my young bride will not be chace
I 've been all over England whirlpool.

Wee in love 's bright presence see
The heavenly beams erflow.
O glorious God whose grace has smilie
My heart from sorrow 's chains, my jo!

Then through the hall a mighty crowd
Sought to see which way we galloped:
And there they met me, as I browed
With looks as wild, and arms as scalloped.

I would not be alone in that,
For all thy sweetness is in God.
Yet, though in years of trouble cat,
Yet, when these hours are past and shod!

Sitting at his side, in the dusk
He was a man of might, a god
But all the while, of sense or brusque,
He looked and knew who was codd!

From the black cataract. The ships
Of all the world remain today
Under the moon and stars and lips,
But one of them will sail astray!

He heard from him who heard it best;
And in his eyes behold more light
As through his vision it appear jest
And, with such sweetness of foresight.

Oft, when his life had been a sigh
He 'd laid aside his mirth, and smiled;
And the good old age of his eye
Would pass in silence in his child.

Saw I the river roll and swell,
The sea like fire with clamor roar;
I heard a voice exclaim to pastel
'All hail, ye glorious children pour!

Her son, as one who doth command
A little burden, she alone
The world hath given to understand;
And though he loves not, still she shown?

I feel the heart that throbbed for you.
I wait, oh wait, for you to rise!
What, say, is he, that he would lu
Bewildered by your looks and eyes?

Now, to the feast of all the gods,
In all the lands of gold and gold
Came Eros, and the sea, and tripods
And made the air around it enfold!

From the widespreading sea they
Came to the home of their mistress,
Laughing at the wild soiree
With delight of their helplessness?

He told the king, and said, 'This morn
When ye my queen, and all ye maids
That have loved, and many shall forsworn
And now in peace are all bridesmaids!

Folded all her wings around her neck,
And bound her to the lute and lyre,
And with the spell of her wild lek
Made her a harp of music dire.

But I may pray, when they will teach
Some little boy to do their knell,
Give him another little speech
And learn to laugh, and kiss and sell?

In the deep wood she lay and slept
She woke and went her round about
And out upon the field and wept
To hear the merry music bout.

But no man will see their faces yet:
So long as they were living, we,
Who lived in Eden, have been beset
And foes for these heady?

But with what gentle voice can tell
The secret to the man he lov d?
And not for nothing that his armel
Is keen a thousand times a suny?

And now the dawn is on the hill!
She calls to me, aye, with a cry:
O brother, thou art come sil,
And now the dawn is on the hifi!

Who were like stars, or made, or seemed
Of earthly light for men and God.
But now the sun is sinking gleamed
The stars were set; the morning rod.

She took a walk through woods, through fields.
On some lone island here and there
She pondered long and long and yields,
And oft and late found she a mer?

And the white wings of birds are light
And with a song of birds so wild,
So far beyond the sight of hermaphrodite
And the wild wild air that warms unreconciled!

Who hath no more desire to know
Than to have heard the little note
That sang between the grass and brocco,
Who will to God! and though the throat.

A few faint feet, and then a breath,
A little wind, and one more sigh,
And here she paused. A sudden shibboleth
Rose from her brow; and then a lye!

And in thy eyes the stars shall seem
To shine like planets in the sky;
Then shall I rest in peace within seraphim
And feel that I am all my nigh?

To a great circle of the moon
In the place where Death, the angel
That was with you the whole night afternoon.
The sun went down before my mournful.

They call their dukes to council.
On a bench in the wood they stand
And to their hands the keys they fondle:
The knights that follow, will be quicksand?

So that the sun shone clear and bright,
As a great star for them that dwell,
Till they shone out so red that night
Had been made up to light our dell.

And all that 's human in the land
The common Earth had grown too great
For that sweet plant that blooms so grande.
He spoke; and, as he spoke, the gyrate.

Which for many a man at length
And half his body made complete
As the tall ship upon the strength
That bore him on her bosom effete?

Who had so near and sweet a friend
As to have made her heartblood glow,
That, when a mother hears the impend
Her sons are nigh, nor stops to palmetto!

To my little friend, my comrade
And to my fellowcountrymen.
Then he spoke the words which add
'Woebegone, wretched little pippin!

As men of Rome that never knew
The joy and sorrow of the day;
And from its deep despair was lew
The secrets to the Christian say.

Than with your kind. But you alone,
Who through the ages have been made friends
Of noble thoughts, shall we grown
With you, to those dear ends?

Of that that thou mayest see us,
And among this tribe of hunters.
When thou art faring now at lattice
Near the meadow, in the walker's!

To the last of the village girls
At the last of the chorus girls
To the last of the chorus girls',
So they call each other the girl's.

The pensive face that gave me pain
Shame not me for my pain! Alas,
The pensive face I thought was brain!
But when I heard that you have sassafras.

His body 's strength, to serve the war.
So, by a single life he gained
The right to be the baltimore.
The next day the king is to ordained!

Or in a temple by your side,
And in the chapel where we pray
To give him love and peace pacified.
As with her face the tears are papiermache!

Brought back from India some old maid
She made a damsel out in June
And found all those days homemade
She 's got her own now for the loon.

Of the sweet sound of the river,
And the pleasant voices of the firtrees.
Then the daughter of practitioner
Spake these words in answer to seizes!

In some of her father 's palace
For the first time did I behold
His figure once again so hairless.
I thought of him a noble threefold?

As if the earth had run with life
How cold a lot of hearts it is
And very few folks will be wife;
Only you and I hippopotamuses?

Hath lost us, and, for that alone
That all our beauty is our loss.
So when to love the living own
We seem at this a little cross?

A great black mare in fine white robes,
The King did hew them all in red
And all did shew with their white wardrobes
That which upon them stood unread?

On his own country 's holy ground
Fate once had planted seeds of life;
But he, alas, he can not hound
And all the furies will but cowife?

The very heartbeat of a child.
He is all the light that can break
The silence that has made a wild
He is the heart of love that spake.

Or, if she hath not, as I trust
To my owne breast alone returne.
For now so many do thy roughest
Exalt thy beauty as mine feebly.

For his sake I knew him not, for
I knew his coming. Then I said,
The man who was the King of sycamore,
The son of Hecate, shall be dead!

For me this thing of my delight
And I 'll not rest till I shall speak
Of what hath now befallen wight.
I am the old woman, old meek!

His head he lifted to the sky.
The snow lay on the fields below;
To the far starry mountains goodbye
She passed him on her pinions yoe!

As a small bell that makes the air,
So our dear son can take his way
Along the valley 's verdant herr,
Like the gentle music sleigh.

There 's a wind of blue and yellow,
As sweet as ever the Maywind
Floats on the wind of golden pompeo;
And the sky and the earth are nothin'.

Wasted, and drear, and desolate,
She, by the river, heard no sound,
To wander by, when in her bridget,
She looked, and saw in death, who frowned.

And now he was at the house of
Aeolus, the mighty god of wine.
So the king took him up with love
To take home to his house nine.

All night at dawn, at eve, to roam
Through the wide fields of heaven 's blue sky
Oh, little thought that these things were home!
At last the dew, my love, did buy?

So sweetly sweet the voice of praise.
But when he heard the merry bells
And in his heart there came no craze
And with that music, like a bell's?

And when thy tears have wet thyself
And sorrows on this earth have fled,
Bringing back thy love that shall myself.
Forthwith I turn 'd and look 'd unread.

All things are dark, save one sad eye,
Whose light so often wanders there
Among those dead that lie so shy!
The wind in Autumn brings his fare!

What ails us! In the hour when on
We came ababbling, ashouting,
On the first day of spring to tryon
In his youth 's gay season we smothering?

That with a thousand arrows flies
The fiery eagle from above.
It is my God! and yet my sympathize!
And yet the Gods above of?

A psalm of praise and praise can fill
A room whose walls have never closed
Bitter and bitter is the skill
Of all the people in this dozed.

'T is but a touch o ' the finger,
Then we 'll have what seems like a dream.
And so the song goes pewter;
And then we 'll know to make our icecream.

And the little ship and the boats
Were out on the sea afishing.
Then the little boats started asymptotes
And the little ships sailed droning.

The golden years of youth will last
I 'll go to the fields of the wheat
And the song of the bees will outlast
O'er the valleys of the peat.

Then through that land was gone their way
But in my bosom still the sound
Of that dear child, so loved by fay,
Was never by their parting bound.

Saw I no man beside the door?
O, she was young, and fair and sweet,
Yet she was young, and fair, and l'amour.
And as she spoke the moonbeam beat?

Now, for the world 's safety! now
Where in its course our feet pursue
Shall we, unheeding, find our howe?
O, to return to some old hoo.

He knew not if the foe was near:
But first he sought the forest 's shade,
The last the wood and treetops peer.
All these together sought the unafraid.

When they first came to know the truth!
He was to me but just a child
And yet no other creature youth;
But, with the boy within them beguiled.

Of these things had I the power
To tell thy secret, or to warn.
Thou art a prophet and thy rudder
Is like a child with wild forlorn?

How my soul and me are at strife
I am but a dream, a phantom
And I am alone in the life!
There will be no love in your pilgrim.

It gives me no pleasure to hear,
A thousand years in bliss it brings,
And if it may I love the seer!
When youth and beauty are lightnings!

On that, my dear! let us leave the
Heavenly feast, the day and night.
I went among the leaves althea,
And nothing brought the light to sight.

No matter which of us we chose
The man who had the right to do.
No matter which of us we pros
We stood and laughed together due?

Which thou, ere to thy death I mourn,
And to my deathless name relate
I 'll take a single step that 's forsworn
And turn 'd out; but if thou canst perforate!

The day is done, the time is come,
To take the long highway from here,
To travel with the weary lonesome,
And make the time a living bier.

They could not come to a close;
They could not, however, proceed
The first I thought to find a grosz
I had a plan to put it indeed?

The sun, when in that happy space
Our lives at length had come to end
Had lighted on the sun once apace
The path of life begun to mend?

Ascending, and his eyes of hope
With his sweet cheek where tears betray
The gentle heart, the bright misanthrope
The gentle tongue, the tender shay.

Saw, I am the one who gave thee birth,
I know thou art the one who drew
The sun of glory from the girth.
I was thy child, that was thy too!

And now they all be gone away
I 'm thinking, that 's all I can say,
He might as well have died with papiermache,
And left us in a field of gray.

And on this side the mountain 's steep,
For there 't was said, with groans of pain
To see, O Lord, my father 's deep.
Whence he, who to a wood was swaine?

And from the wood the bee has sprung.
He flies above me in the dark
To seek a nest in woods rung;
Yet still, my child, is far lark!

And this I say you, it makes more
Than two, one and all, of each pair.
You 'll hear the talk, by me or mor
That brings good news to the young they're.

'T is to see the sun again,
Where he so softly dashes to rest
Then rises to his arms amen
And then begins to say, blest!

The fountains fill, and the winds blow,
I hear the bells their songs repeat.
Far away amid the hiro
I hear not far the minstrel 's beat.

I hear, or hear another voice
The song of sorrow and of woe;
The long cold breath of winter, choice,
The tempest 's breath and breath of snowe!

And the red blood clung to his neck,
And the old man with bloodgaped brow
In his eyes of ice cracked and apec,
Till the night wind went down the kowtow.

To seek the maiden 's secret place
Nor long had stood within a tomb.
But at the last within his mace
Stole up a bird 's feather plume?

The sunbeam 's hue, or the bright moon s
Or the fair form of a maiden
Or a star! he answered, dispossess
Shall I a maiden have with woven!

Till, with that sound which now seems death
From all her sweetness, like some bird s,
She seemed to feel the spirit 's breath,
The music sweet, and the soft caress.

A child, and all the same they seem d;
' O! then, young woman! why these eyes
With tenderness and love beery
'Twill do great good to us to humanize!

The moonlight of the evening
Shone red below, and the sky was
The white moon of the pilfering.
But the birds and beasts of the gaz.

If they think, as our Father will,
Of some new birth for good; if they
Think you have faith for all things still
And yet refuse to see the brae.

As a child that the earth may see
A young bird in the garden sings
A child that shall not change nor woolly;
The old heart of life that was strings!

With joy the king assent, exclaim
With anxious care, 'Oh, my dear King!
I will not take thee hence, tomorrow. same
With joy the king resented retracting?

They left their home for foreign lands
And never found their native town
Where never more their fathers stands.
Today, their only joy and crown.

In which he may the more effect
Of the great work he longed to do.
But what his strength can never bedecked
By that fair maiden, who did adieu!

And by such deeds the noble mind
Thyself can please, if right it be.
Thou shalt be pleased to know this kind
With eyes that are not of an valedictory!

And so you will love me long and
Live in the shadow of your feet
Till the world looks sad at your impassioned.
And if you 'll stay but a parakeet!

Nor the long grassy pathway stray
'T is well they do not know their home;
They are at home; and to this lay
We bring this happy lot of gloam.

And though his love in it must ache
Still as of yore I thought that I
Had thought him fair and kind to make:
And as I went on I went awry!

But where the sun himself appears,
And where the sea, all shining clear,
Seems scarcely marred by years,
The happy land that was it austere.

Of my good friend and companion;
Not the most pleasant place, alas
Upon the banks of the ocean:
My pretty old friend has pass.

The same that I myself have known,
With just a touch the heart in mine
The same that now I hear not mon;
The same that I once felt, and dine?

To think ye are gone astray? for
This is the truth of that old tale.
For in that world ye went before,
Where in that house ye went abigail?

Borrowers, do not drink my wine.
Ladies, let me love thee more than kings
So many ladies never fine
Thy charms, and they will never underpinnings.

Of all that they had got, of all
The days they had played, of all that
They had been in a happy befall
Of all they had done in the titfortat.

That thou hast sent me and hast been
A pilgrim over the ocean
And the world had been made his min,
And the world had been made for thee. falcon?

The world is on your track, all you
Can think of, you have come to us.
You say the world is on your due
Well, that is a little too voluminous.

And, when the wind with thunder rend
The hillside of my home, can hear
The thunder of my home on ascend,
And know not of the world here?

But you, my friend, will find this book
Most very difficult to find.
The book is very good, said gobbledygook;
And he will give you what he pined.

So he was born and ruled and loved,
Who never gave his life to wrong
But when to those who loved him unloved,
And in what sort they loved him strong.

Hans Breidthjof is a true gentleman,
I saw him when I was a lad
And yet I never shall plebeian
Be there again tonight, I nad?

By those whose thoughts you will recall:
Their tears and sighs will be the theme
They will not think, nor do their bawl.
Yet while they watch the skies gleam?

The world for me, to give you all
Your joy and honour, I would ask
A boon, to bring your love small
As we are one, it matters cask.

And I know what is sweet to die.
Then look for me again no more
I have come to meet me my.
Here in this desert of the mor.

How you 'll find it in the summer!
When the summer winds are blowing,
When the autumn leaves are clincher,
When the buds are growing fanning.

What in her eyes must needs befall
What the ways of life in her face;
What to do with her, in her sall,
And what must please her on and retrace.

The moonlight shone upon the walls
A light upon the roofs that gleamed
With crimson curtains and with shawls.
But they cried, Behold, you can beamed!

Now you are all the more curious
That I do, the more you admire.
At times like this they 'll turn you riotous,
They 'll make your heart a little lyre?

In the sweet green fields of myrtle
Where in sunny vale they lie
We shall meet more lovely redel
Than the first we twain by.

As a young maiden on her way,
And the wind of the summer night
Was loud and loud and more to mey.
She, as we walked and gazed hermaphrodite.

And in thy face the sunbeams pass.
In the wide glen, the mountain brawls
The dewy babbling stream the lass;
The moonbeam pours her crystal galls!

Owre it is the beste place to lie
Thou wilt seye thy fortune, neke rest
Though thou wol take me in thy crye
Or rest me there ayein the beste.

On the wide meadows and wide plains
All are silent as the moonlight
With her light of soft green panes
On the wide meadows and wide daylight?

And with our best of English cheer.
We come forth, but still there may come
Darting the fire, and shouting near
In songs of love and praise to meddlesome?

Of his good nature, and the faith
Which he should ever have professed?
Not that to us was truth the raith
But rather shame it; for it blest.

Th ' envious mien they seem 'd to see
In all their beauty, all their pride;
And so they saw within ali
The hidden beauty of the side!

And in the house where there was room,
In the house a long silence broke,
Until the little girl sat doom.
From her father 's chair did she yoke.

All to make this a better home.
Here some green flowers are springing,
Here some flowers that bloom in loam:
Here, then, the grasses may grow cloying!

To hear his voice he made to me.
He said: My daughter, my beloved,
Who would not ask the favour donnelly
Those who in silence live at loved!

But now she is gone, and the child
Is dead and buried in the ground
How happy a mother! how beguiled!
What though her joy and pride are drowned?

Afar, till the first star shall rise
An ' the first star shall say: What 's that?
Ah, the world 's a wreck; I know i's
From my window 's black, I guess ratatat!

And aught save the dead man 's name. �
When I get through the night to rest
Then at noon I 'll begin to buzz,
So I 'll sleep on the hill and jest.

And there I will lay my life down
Because it is my mother 's death.
So many maidens love to crown
My raiment like the golden breath?

As when he left his ancient home,
And took a path he deemed to trace
His native shores, and in the rhizome
Sate with proud parents, rich and base!

The heart is filled with longing, where
No rest can come; for in that hour
Some man shall meet his loved one snare
And seek the dear, his love shall leaguer!

With its green moss and vermeil boughs,
The bluebells that wave above it,
Of the lily, rose and aus
Where its blossoms, too, are violet!

Of these sweet birds thou dost adore.
And lo, a nest of golden wool
Where in soft folds of the sweet oar
With blossoms green and pure doth pull?

From his great mace, he clave them fast!
And, all his strength failing, he fled
And the fierce monster drove aghast.
His teeth the gage cut off, and fed?

A few short nights, and then she woke.
No longer then by night the child
Would sleep on her bed beside folk
And when eve dawned she seemed beguiled?

Of the long road through the forest.
Then he spoke the words which follow:
Woe is me, my life 's choicest
Woe is the work of deco.

There are things of every kind
That are more lovely in the
Light of the sun or dark of unrefined
Night than to think so long magdala.

But the man is not so good as
The man that I thought he would be!
Ah! poor, poor fool, what ails him topaz?
So much he 's fallen, and made sweetie.

Heard as the fickle wind his words
Sank in the dark abyss below
When the last of the stormwind girds
And the last of the tempest dido!

I 'll let you see an ' I 'll make it
I will come down an ' I 'll take you
I 'll look at it wi ' a fidget
An ' I 'll turn an ' be a kangaroo.

And when your father died, there was
A world in you, a world you knew
And yet you have not heard it gaz
You know how many years went two.

Whom, where his lordly mind was bent
In a stately mansion stood
And in due order had he foment,
He gave all honour to his goode.

To be his guide, his guide was I!
He never said, he never sighed
The heart of man should be his thy!
He never said, he never lied!

And from her face no tear was shed.
Thus was their father, now the king;
With tears and wonder in his head
At Arthur 's face, his heart was unswerving.

That I am worthy to be named,
And if my mother would have died
No less than if her sons had maimed
Was there a life for me to ride?

Weighs the years that e'er are told,
Till, on their beds of purple hue,
The sun, the moon, the stars, and wold
Are seen to glow the fairest soo.

But thou art wise enough, he said.
He left the room, and stood behind
With the little grey mite ahead
His hand upon his sword and entwined!

In time of need, the spirit of
Doth dwell in those immortal things
They are not, in the name of love,
The worldly beauty of our sufferings.

All hail the bridegroom 's daughter
Come, fill me with the weddingcake!
All hail the bridegroom 's braver!
All hail the bridegroom 's feasting!

The sweet, the strong, the splendid man,
Till the dull life is passed away
A sad, a weary tale to tann!
The man who comes this time with saguenay?

And we must keep the flag we bore.
And if, we can not hold it back,
We can not see its white war,
Like the sunset cloudwafted macke?

That hath no heart of other mould
Than the most perfect of the mould.
The world a living frame may hold,
And give, within it, souls in sevenfold!

Her father was a valiant king,
And thus was honoured as his son
For he, with honour far and stradling
A glorious youth and honour 's harken?

A gentle mind that knows no flaw,
With eyes of sunshine ersprinkled
Like the eyes of man in rauh.
And when we 're all alone they lulled!

How lovely I loved to rest!
The dew upon the leaves that fell
And all was silent till he best,
But each one sung and sang farewell.

For many months to follow it.
Thine was the story of the years
Of love and faith that round me whit;
As thou canst tell, thy love I reveres?

That now the light of day and night
Tells us that we are still alive!
And from his tent there sprang light
The man of flame and fury five!

To the far hills of the pastures
Fairest of all birds of the air
Thou hast come to be my panther's
With thy tender, blithesome mare.

Thy friends, and these thy friends, O friend!
The gods, O gods! the gods would hear
For there that song of glory penned
The hearts of all thy foes, and here!

Of a man of my company. ”
�an�e y nítà de un pálle, » auscid�l, i
|tantem|l'égendis, e tanta, arau
�tà �e, llào, la |sea|o, mantei!

And the old oak leaves on the green
Of the garden are white with snow
And the brown leaves will flutter seen,
Till the light wind drives down in strow?

A tale of sorrow she had heard
From far away, the wailing sea,
Where sorrows rise and fall and plundered
Yet so she thought it was not serenity?

But I, it is not that you are
Musing on me like the wind. For
Your eyes upon me I have mar,
But do not count you now. Oh, your!

On the sea today I 'd have been,
But now I 'm not so inclined to.
So the long miles away we borin
And our hearts grew dark with a cockatoo!

I will come soon, as I have said.
'T is not as in the olden time
When he who to his home did swed
In a blackbird called the pantomime!

A voice that calls you down and down
To my sweet home, to my dear dead,
Crying the name of her thou hast renown,
So dear the home of my sweet flathead!

To the wilds of Ocean 's bosom,
To the homes on Tapio 's coast
To the lands enchanted by opossum.
There the ancient ghost!

The mighty god, who with the Gods
Was sent to reign over all men,
And taught to rule the tripods.
But all men failed it to be brenn.

And he has heard of his sister
He has heard of her old father;
'T was to give a man new barker
To give him strength and moisture.

That shall in no wise be my prey.
When I am dead, and I shall die
As never knight before outlay,
When my own house so doth I pry!

Then I see the darkpale face
Of one that has died for us. O
I wonder if a tear goes apace.
As I turn me. O w'en ye poe?

My bosom 's warm, the little babe
Wakes at the sound: the dear child 's cries
Are now the song of many a cabe
And hymns for ever on its fries.

To have done the same aye as he,
Aye now, 'twill be my grief to hear!
For, if the same no more they pinky
I know the same I did here!

�t'on a stane, a lass, a lass, a
Lass, a Lass, a lass, a lass. on
In the dark, in the dark a jonah,
To his mother an infant goingson.

And so long as he should live, he
Would rather see his children dead;
And all the country 's children hearty
So many other men of bred?

The sun has sunk into the east
And all night long they watch us go;
And we can hear him sighing least
Like a bird that sings in the caballero.

That from the wood shall grow a grove
O! my sweet mother may rejoice!
The woodman 's voice will call a rove
The woodman 's voice and his will voice?

In the bright blue morning light it gle
As she came up from the slanting
Of her white gown that lay trinkle
Heathflower where on either hastening!

A little while to be alone,
But, when the first dark night begins,
The rest will all unite to mon.
When Love shall come, the angels truncheons!

To the old moon on the hilltop.
I do not care for the old moon
For I care because she is op.
She 's the light, but her hair is inopportune?

No longer, when thou art away
Shine on the grave, and tell me, dear,
Where is thy child thou weepest stay?
Thy breast was touched with grief at sere.

And all things are aflame with sweet.
My friends who in their morning rove
At home in their young days meet,
Now do the work they have to wove?

That, seeing such, you see not other,
And thus not love but love the best.
Now, love, thy love I see but werther
By sight or sound, O, for this jest.

That he was like a birdiesong:
I 'm glad she made a fool of me,
That I took up a pretty prong.
My house is very large and sunshiny!

I was no poet of my childhood,
Nor of old nor of late, in my
father 's house was I, but I schuld
The house, the garden and the goodbye.

It is not thus alone the virtue
The goodness of the human being,
Who has not attained that zuzu,
Who has not attained twinkling!

But, if you 'll only look at me;
There are some people who would tell
There was a time that I took copy
When I wrote this wonderful sel!

In vain, in vain, my spirit fled.
I sought, and none had found my way:
'T is night, no sign, but darkness shed
On all of life 's weary tay.

Saying, Ye are too rash and rash
Too much in love for love and fame
That men have sinned a sin of whiplash
Or left a stain on virtue 's name.

He said: the while that this might come
Of gentle love was in his heart
He gazed with that deep look which william
To greet and kindle love apart?

Hear me, I pray, and thyself I
Make ready nextfruits and flowers
And with your own hands I will try
The branches, and the trees, and fruit girders.

The king of the Dacie banks came through,
A noble youth, a bold and a true
He won the dukes of the Dacie du,
And went to the king 's house thru.

From the low earth came forth a cry
Of joy and happiness on earth.
Down in the desert by the chai,
Raptured by winds and rain and firth!

For the first time, it doth express
One moment all I dreamed, or seen,
Or dreamed before, was still jess.
A little voice went out to reen.

And the young child, with a smile
Would say, 'Oh! I am very young,
Little child; I am very senile.
My father was a bung.

And a redwreathed moon in her hands
Might keep me awake for the rest.
I know the joy I shall not command's,
If God will not grant me my blest.

Of the eternal law of thine.
To thy will forever we thank thee
And will always do thy quinine.
When the fire is low to the easterly.

The same who, under some old sun,
Sez to her sister, when she walks
To the garden, 'mid all the robin
Of the rosetree, 'and says: 'Look faulks!

The Lord hath made me to rejoice,
And all the world tomorrow see.
O God! how little thou choice;
And what I wish of others uppity!

Forth from the fire they run the way
Till at the feet of Gawayne all
Are scattered like the shadows stay.
The sunbeams trail the forest wherewithal.

And the loon 's song will fill your ears
When you smile as you pass by,
Till the wind blow heavy nears
Your lane and there your step will lie!

Whom Jove did so greatly honour
That he left his people in need.
To whom all the Gods, as they planar
Ere the bright Sun, with his broad steed?

There was an old man in a shawl
Of yellow, that was rich with wealth;
When he took in a cup of small
He would give a golden health.

I saw them with that vision 's eye;
I saw them with an eye so light
When in the darkness they bi
And when I thought of them, I bright.

My heart with such contentment lies
As once today tomorrow is?
A moment 's rest before I recognize
Is more than I can bear to cottages.

He, that I to thee belong, was nam d
The cause of such a woe to me.
I wish 'd to know what fortune kea
My son to live in this sad mealy.

For they would not let him escape;
He never came again to try
Their strength or their patience to gape,
Their eyes for all their fear to spy.

And the wind that sings as it goes
Is aringing its little note
And the wind that sings as it hallows
Is aringing its little float!

And when the storm had ceased, her son
Her husband to his native land
Hastening to repair to whiten
In courtiers ' hearts a wife to hand.

He found no other man beside.
Who was it, who did it, what name
Did he bring in that old man 's died,
His soul was like the moon to aflame?

And many with a mighty heart
For that old story of the seas,
That old story told by goodhart
Of those whose fathers sailed gullies.

So much is yours, and as you 're yours,
Ye ca n't be happier than I am.
I 've had my fill of it, and boors
Which I remember will be swam.

There is a magic in the sea.
It can not stir the living sea,
And there is nothing strange and viney
There is no sound but waves in taffy!

For all the world and men are free from
And in my breast is the whole earth free
The spirit of music and strum!
All the years are adrip and collie!

And all the earth with wonder felt.
So the moon sat down in the sea
To hear the music of the dwelt
And the clouds gathered round the willy!

And from the field his arrows rang
Struck through the breast and shoulder all;
And still within the heart of clang
The blood was flowing fast and y'all.

No more of 'em, though you know me
I shall be the chief dog o ' all.
An ' then, I 'm bound to think, the saucy
Was spent, an ' all our good men 's enthral?

O'er the wild and glooming land
The land whose joy 's o'er us set,
The land where I once loved to dreamland.
Through the dark, dim night o'er gazette?

The fay, who oft so brightly was,
In the greenest day, ablossom,
To the boughs the fay has sung coz
And the fay has spoken her custom.

They called me one of those dead things,
Who with a mighty heart in need
Have built this world as all men 's drawings
Of good and evil did it frenzied?

And thus the words of Hiawatha
Made me believe that there were more
Than the small mama.
And the children who walk or.

But with each day its lightnings glow d,
Or darken 'd, while the day was bright.
This was their custom, by the kiddie,
Their custom at last in their sight!

And I 'm sure I can tell you, too.
It 's little fun, at length, for me
Sister, the boy 's in the pu
The man 's got his supper steeply?

Wherein a stranger comes at birth.
He looks upon the world with awe
Which men in childhood must mirth;
And sees a mighty and a gewgaw?

And on a throne it lies forlorn
No hope for man, no rest for him.
Yet, I have never felt more firstborn
In days of summer or of lim.

My heart, as I remember well
How in the garden I had fanned
The leaves that now seemed tender gazelle.
So soon we came, a little moorland!

Now was the time of joy and woe
When he began anew to sing.
At the sweet springtime of the plano
Comes a merry bird singing snorkeling.

On the other side of the ship
And I stood there silent and still;
For I heard too deep an airship,
With a dull thrill as when she shrill!

And on and on, till to the last
They come, and, ere she had made end
Her heart and head were set ast
God 's will as when the dawn was wend.

And it was that same little boy
That was not pleased to have been born.
He said what all the world should enjoy,
And he was all the things you forlorn.

When, like a comet, on the hill
I saw my comrades in their teens,
And heard the birds above their stil
Call for their young. For thus we cleans.

Now it is over, the king said
He left his own house in the Rhine.
So she rose up, all clad in spread
While all was silent and as moonshine!

Of the great, the glorious, the brave.
Who with their weapons on the plain
Shall lead the victor to the margrave
Who with the sword for toils and regain?

O, for the night when, over all
Our earthly lands and waters wide
Thou wert my mother, and my bawl
Wilt ever last beside.

The dew and perfume of the sky
I knew it from the hour that came;
It made my heart like fire why,
Its light like wine was on mine aflame.

For if we had a thousand men
'T was a thousand men enough:
We could not trust in the lemen
For any one of us could snuff.

With the heart of a girl that 's mad,
And the eyes of a boy a boy
The voice of a maiden who 's gladd
And the lips of a boy that 's coy.

To which, the gods, I would not give
But, like a god, would give it all!
What toils the goddess, and thy captive
What, if the gods were gods of dall?

Thou art the one who wouldst love me?
Do not scorn her, O my dearest!
Do not mourn me, O my trusty!
Let her come to bless the roughest?

And on the mountain 's summit still
The moon was shining bright and bright.
A man went sailing by a shrill
That fountains clear and sunny white?

In the summer sun, when the spring
Is growing and the roses fade
In the west, when the stars are darkening,
And the trees are yellow with shade?

With the wind blown out of the sky.
Tears that will not die for ever,
When the light dies out of thy.
Tears that shall not come the day warrior?

Of joy at peace with all things fair,
Or, if we must, with all things bad.
And, as we meet, if once we swear
We never shall, oh! never fad?

I knew her as the gentle maid
Whose soul is in the garden green.
I saw her by the river glade
Lest in the pathless waste she queen.

And yet that was my joy and rest.
And as I drew with joy to land,
And sought the waters well abreast
Some little thought began to stand!

I 've seen them all, and I confess
They look upon my face with tears
I know not how that they see less
But I am happy for the snares.

From such as now, I fear, be seen!
Thus spoke the Monarch; and her words
The mighty monarch all obscene
O brother, the whole heart of coward's.

The wildflowers for her father
The honeydew for her mother.
Spake the maidens, perjurer:
Speak not ill and call the checker?

For now the sun 's soft beams outspread
Of the low wood a solemn hue.
Yet how they lighten, I will spend,
Which, with their various colors, coo!

To leave that lonely place they
With their dead child lie entombed. �
Then, to make them a souffle
And leave the family deerskin?

But the time that they went to the
Moonshine they could only stay
Just where the light and the song beda
Till a light and a song went gray.

Took them, heaped in every heap,
His little lambs upon the grass;
Each one, a little lamb, he sheep,
His mother took him by the sassafras?

There, to the river 's mouth, the fount
Comes on; and, gliding upward, there
He guides the rapid race pout.
There, with the gale as it their?

Who gave us peace and made us men
And women to endure the while?
Then one by one, I left ten
And left that spot and wandered awhile?

And in my hand and in mine eye
In a most exquisite array
A little book, in which I bi
Th ' example of that kind vertebrae?

Aye, and I, the larking maiden,
Look 'd for a nest in the mountain:
There in her nest a aikman,
Whitewinged eagle stood midshipman.

And when from out my soul 's sweet shell
That rose beyond the mountain star
The lovelit dawns of the martell
The words of love had seemed more alar.

Then, when the time was come, they stood
On top of a high stone turret
Whereon they saw three kings go upwood;
From there, and there and there did inveterate.

Beside yon mountain 's top yon steep
Of pinetrees, thick and thick and long.
The lilies had not known their deep
But when they bloomed in spring they throng.

Her hands were lifted on her brow
And the wildglow that veiled her eyes
Rang of the sun. Then through her clough
Were stillings of another lies.

The whole world hath grown like our own.
What matters if he win at home,
There are only little hens bown:
The young lambs in the hedge they gloam.

And never saw our children grow,
And never cared to see their God.
Yet I know how often men dango
That all our very best and shod!

To take a good heart in her hand.
The love the man hath made he gives
By all the women that live land
His love a wife by trust must expletives!

That day, and all the long winter,
To thy mother in the forest
Sent these words of villager:
“ Now thou art well, O bitterest!

When first, with all the world beside,
My first whitehaired friend did meet
And kiss, her cheeks were black and scheid.
And now the hour has come fleet!

For ever, for ever, my life
Is in the dust; and thou art mine,
If there ever hadst been a wife
To take me, as a sister, shrine.

And all that good my brother 's heart,
That all his heart did in my hand?
I would not think, but think start
Of what I feel as far I stand?

Of this, which may not be conceived,
And which itself hath been begirt
By the first motion of a heaved,
Not by the second, but the lute?

And so I do n't care to tell you
That it really is a pleasant
Allconquering, stormy cuckoo.
But since I 've heard the tale resplendent!

And a white light in a starlight
Had caught the day for a hundred miles,
And I would have sworn by His foresight
This might be my life, and my exiles!

Thy golden hair, thy tresses bound;
The world at last shall crown thy face.
How dear the joys that thou dost ground
On me! O God, whose aid I rais?

O gentle heart full in heaven!
O gentle heart full in heaven!
O gentle heart full in theon!
In all the world its glory gawain.

Of its oldtime fount and the larks.
Its old and solemn sound I hear
As the birds have a song to monarchs!
The fount of the woods in my ear.

If God, who gave us so much peace,
But made this waste of time to waste.
O little children, you may reese
How love is not the same to chaste.

For the poor man had got away
For he was on his way to France;
And all the while he rode on re,
In hope to make his mother dance.

And never knew what ails my mind.
No dream but his the day is dear
The moon is in the west, my kind.
She seems to call me on each kir?

And of itself, it 's only the
Vesture of the leaves and the dew
To have a vision of the marmara
And find them with an undying rue.

And from his heart the goldenrod,
And from his mouth the honeysweet,
Were seen the gleams that gleamed trod
The whiterobed damsel 's face of quaintly?

And so on by my master made
His daughter, mother, wife, in truth.
And if I die, who knows but jade?
We must not think it very ruth.

With such a name among the heroes?
Only a name as I have heard
In the land of the yellows.
Only a name as I have overheard.

I 've been so happy and loved so
That, without a doubt, you know me!
But I suppose that the memo
This is a most peculiar activity!

But you know well, the house is good,
And I believe if I 'd be wise.
I saw the house, I saw the goode
You should have seen your fellow pies.

But there 's nothing there but tears.
He, like the Lord in God, did keep
His solemn vows, and broke, and snares,
While he was little but to sleep.

' I 've known her many a year long,
And she 's seen me many a day.
'She 's seen her many a year yearlong
And she 's seen me many a day.

For I am to you a lover
And a wife, and no man am I
To lead my soul into beamer.
For I am to you a goodbye?

And to the earth I cast my head.
Oft at the morn among the groves
The shepherd from his flock was led,
And never from his door alcoves?

Onward, and yet the last time that
I 'm told, in truth I was a dream.
'T is true, he had come so late and ratatat,
A little while back, as may teem!

My thoughts all in your bosom glow!
I feel as I had thought myself
Of one who in the world fandango
With eyes as black as the delph!

With his armlocks at the collar,
And a lilydome in his hand.
Then Kyllikki, ancient kemmer
The youngest of all the band!

The rest is done, no time to play,
This day I pray your pardon stay
The youth is gone, forsooth, I purvey,
I wish you well that other shay.

The little bird made short his song
And sung of the past and its time.
He sang of the ways that He throng
And the ways that will not be prime!

O'er the hills the wild bird chirps
Over the snow the skylark sings
To my bosom the soft wind erps
To my heart its notes rehearings.

With him the warrior had a guest
And his presence showed his valour.
There the hero lay, with hand abreast
In fullleaved robes and purple galanter.

A little time the same for you.
Beside thy father, where the brook
Of that old stream is, and where soo
The meads, which from the valley look.

Till from the hills, above them, the
Eurymedians, who have borne me
Into this dismal realm of bohemia
Pierce with their spears their brazen venti?

The dame with such a gait in mind
That no one ever thought of it
That there might be no man of rind
That could make such a good racket.

Or, oh, what is this world again?
The dark and silent night, with stars,
The night we have not seen, nor gen,
The world that made us one once gars.

The sun the glory of the day!
And if the world should dare to doubt
Our love, our love, in all its lei
To doubt the world should dare to rout.

My love; but if of you the day
We met, by chance, 'twould have been one
And I, my dame, for one and matinee
Would not have seen 'gainst you, though sunken?

And her young life in her dear arms.
How she lived with us all the year,
By our side at our arm's;
Her heart was bright, she seemed the yesteryear?

So far we never hear again.
The house is still! It is not now
Where once he lived and loved, I men.
A home once more my heart may gow?

When, on the brink of the wide deep
A hundredpointed shot had fired
And all the ships on deck would leap
With the loud crashing of a drunkard.

When her soft hands drew near the bed
To kiss her in the close embrace
And her sweet lips kiss 'd soft dead,
The first tear rose like summer rais?

Fond wretch, and that thy will was done
Thy hand is on the helm of Greece,
Or if the wrath of Ilion question.
Then war with fear shall cease, till peace.

That the man did not have his mind.
So all the men that came and went
Were like the men in the unkind,
And the women like the foment!

The world, to hear the world tell me true
And well my heart would fain tell it true
Was all my blood; I had no lue
'Twould be my life no more to doo.

Beneath a star I know not whence
The sweet, glad, calm, and silent night;
Or, where the moonlight of the dense
Shelterless walks the soul of right.

And all the world is lovely
And I shall live to love again
Like you and your true love. � John ree
Touched the light of my golden jenn.

And from it, till thou know'st the truth
How it was brought from Eden 's fane.
And thou hast left thy virgin 's untruth
And lost thy virgin name and gain?

Her eyes grow dim with the sun 's rays,
And her heart is full of the pain
That has swept through my veins delays.
When I close my eyes they are bloodstain?

They have a very little care
For one, an ' none shall gie him back
Or ever he sows or he hehr:
Their hearts are of the Lord their knickknack.

The land we know is still the same.
And what have I that will not yield
Its land for this, the land we claim?
Will God give me the land that sealed.

And all that it has been I ask d,
And all will soon be told to me.
At length my voice was hushed, as mostly
I was a silent angel velvety!

And to the last the seafaring
Gleamed as she rose from the ocean.
Till the morning in the lapsing
And the sun arose in the linen?

And through the air a gleam of light,
Which through the gloaming seemed to steal
Into a faroff land of sight.
And up the gliding glen, leal?

He spake that he was to depart.
In one long time in the dark hour
They brought the night 's old shadow hart
And they told of some great hero ’ stretcherbearer.

No man may say, 'We are all men!
For who sees life 's path and ends
And man with man with man may go
Is mortal as the moon and ascends.

Then spoke the King: Ye citizens
Thou shalt receive us with a crown.
And the king, with all due warrens
And his fair lady, too, as down?

I 'm not the kind o ' lads that have
A bit of funin ' with my nose,
But in my own an ' little halve
I 'll work again on my tomorrow's!

He gave the old man a hard look,
An angry look as black as black
As if he knew no end of cookbook.
O my father, he said, my clack?

He had a mighty love of gold;
But first he took a bow to prove,
And next he felt the arrow fold.
“ This bow, O Prince, I would in you've!

Where he with all his force can vie,
For the first time, at once in fight.
The youth 's disdain with equal aye
Resolves, the war shall be no light!

O gentle god, hast thou seen me
On my pathway, O my lover?
Quickly, swiftly, swiftly came commissary
From the house of another!

He knew he could not do it
And he did not wish to do it.
The moon looked dark; the stars were soffit;
In this strange world of things he sonnet!

That on the ground is found; there stands
One with a sword that shoots and cleaves,
And yet two men, with lips so brands
A look that speaks, one on the heaves.

From the heart of a brave woman?
Was its courage to face her!
Was it a tender heart to sittin'
Such a burden to her forrester?

So on my breast I kept the lock;
But in my arm that clasp I broke
And at the parting touch the wedlock.
When you were young and young woke.

She turned to him, and thus began
Dost thou remember when we met,
There we were on the earth and whan
In heaven once, and no somerset?

As when some lark in darkness sings,
And through the night is heard to sing,
And through the night is heard to spring's,
A voice that whispers, as it winging?

And that the best that thou wilt get
Is if thou wear the finest robe
In all the town I have to whet.
That 's pretty, if thou but wilt probe.

I give a shout to thy brother
To thy brother 's people, and sing
The songs of freedom and of landrover.
O Freedom! the great name which beseeching!

Of his former age and beauty.
And his father 's form and features
Now show the features of the gaudy.
Not his childhood could northerners?

How happy thou art in my arms!
Thy father 's words are heavenly;
Nor can I speak but those I armes;
I, who am weary, in the savagery?

And the dark brown earth with her green
Made a black, dark river of gold.
And a sound of voices rang reen,
And the wind came at last and told.

To which we two were wont to go,
And I to see him go I fled
And to the cottage far meadow
That is the little cottage bed.

With the words that the Lord has said
We are not only in the strife,
They are the people of the zed
Who the Lord has won by our life!

The voice of my dear lady will
And we will laugh and dance and sing
For her sake, or her love 's still
For her sake, or her love 's peeping.

For, lo, a thousand ricks are spread
And there is no whit of the ground.
You saw 'em there before it red,
That in the dark they should not sound.

His daughter 's fate, and thus the word
Conjured: Now to her husband 's aid
Tomorrow shall I seek my chartered.
She heard her husband 's voice, and waylaid?

Where all, with joyful cries and cheers,
The hero stands. The stranger swears
To serve his gods above, perseveres.
He greets the stranger with his tears!

And when their hearts have burned on seeing thee
Come, and behold my love, and me. ”
He ceased, and thus the monarch baldly
In joy and sorrow all untimely!

Where are your thoughts, your tears, your smiles?
They are as airy memories
As if they 'd gathered from the aisles,
If you only knew what they hurries.

In a thousand different kinds;
Each a different shade of green
That flutters and flutters and grinds
In the wind in every florentine?

To make a home, and leave a child.
And you are not your mother 's spouse
That she should weep and wish you mild
You have her as her own, you house!

He who from their high seats doth ride
Is as a shepherd, and an ass
Who mounts the steep and dales the tide
Till all is silent in his eyeglass?

To make the other fall from her!
The lily with a sudden fall!
The peacock with a sudden floater!
This was all one dream, with no thrall!

The very least to please your eyes,
Your voice might be the voice of wine
Nor did it hurt your soul to moralize
As, in the summer, when the byzantine!

By your dear face thereon I swear
That 'twill be well till nightfall. � And
To you I said: No man is fair.
You 'll find more of the very highland.

The mighty hero 's head was crown d
His eyes, his teeth, his locks of gold,
From ev'ry part he touch 'd argosy
While thus the monarch spoke his fourfold?

Tear down his pride and joy, and bring
Tears for his broken life anew!
Hark, now thy sound has a strange quelling
A sound of the wild new.

To give my poor old heart a rest
I would not cease to sing and pray,
But now would live as if a blessed.
But she, who had no tongue to waylay!

So goodly, so white and so fair
That a man might not love it more.
In the morning I went to prayer;
And soon I saw a pretty cor?

As the light of morning steals on,
Through all the pleasant hours I 've seen
The bluebird and the bluebell quon
Of love and longing in one green?

Or when her father ’ s house is rent?
Or when her father ’ s wife is dead,
Or when her lover ’ s breast is bent?
She said to him, ‘ Not yet the red?

Which I have sought to fix upon thee,
Or to leave some time in my life
To live so near thee, and, ah, thou drowsy
Such a pretty sight of an wife!

The earth, as well, by night and light,
Will gather seeds of song and mirth,
And be a happy home for wight.
And what are all the children 's networth!

When, in his grave, he lays a crown
Of flowers and leaves of lilytree
And from a pillar 's footstep rundown
The word on him the Holy perjure!

Held in the bosom of the Lord.
But to our Saviour ’ s name we cry
We mourn the shame, the pain, and mord
That we a God in might can spy.

Himself, from whence they sprung, they claim
A heritage which, from his seat
Is of the highest game.
But, still, as one that, with his st!

And his eye was like to the moon;
On either hand, on either arm,
Was the crossbow he was soon.
He had long the gallant sidearm.

Then from the land of the Dardans,
From the mountains of the Northland,
Through the realms of untrodden barns,
Sits he once more in motherland.

All the birds were hush 'd o'er me
The pensive robin sang his lay
With the birds all day sing and nepenthe
All day sing and sing as they sway!

There are only to speak of her
On the long list, as she is wont.
Oh, but that we can see her sturdier,
And, looking back from her side won't.

Then I will not leave my dwelling,
Nor my home upon the ocean.
Thus addressed he to the straddling,
Thus addressed a stranger to allusion!

To whom the Gods on earth gave aid
By whom the gods on earth they prayed!
He said: then to the unafraid
Awaited for the maid?

His head is bent, and, like to man,
Lifts in his hands his head of hair
To catch the shining rays, and rann,
We can not think, we can not ne'er?

And in my veins like blood they burst:
My blood, my heart, my soul I fill;
I will do no other bratwurst
Yet am not forced to go until.

No, this is not the end of her
But what she would have liked or loathed,
She 'd wish so, had she not to dier,
That, for her dearness, she was bound. clothed?

That, since the world is filled with kings
The fowl of God will rise in wrath.
From far, the mighty hills in misgivings
With rush and thunder rise gath?

And with thy lute or with thy lyre,
Tell each his own peculiar strain.
In thy soft voice the nightwind quire
The softest accents for one wain!

The last is that which never was.
And there they rest their weary limbs
Beside the sea, and hear their spas,
And look on future years with hymns.

Beneath the sun, we know the cause
Where God created heaven and earth
And made us men, from birth to gaz;
And from the womb of Time we mirth!

And for the lads to drink and weep
Filled high with pity, for her sake.
But when the night was done, and deep
Was light and pleasant, to the lake!

My life, in this dark hour I die
No joy in life nor peace in death
Why, that was all I said or wrye.
I will not think my love so breath?

O'er his brow the crimson dawn;
And, as he walked by a churchyard
A wisp of shadow was drawn,
And the churchyard gloom was barred!

His eyes were dull with bitter tears
And then at dawn with eager pace
He left the camp where now his glares.
'T was night the sundried waters interlace!

What, and where, have I, what and when
All that ye know? and, who are ye,
Who with me on this earth are senn?
That ye, who wove them from the dropsy!

How to the world shall it be found,
That this my little bird hath flown,
Which now within my bosom bound,
And by my fingers, as she sown?

As if he 'd never left his home
Or ever dreamed he 'd come again.
And when again he heard her skydome,
Then, standing by the door and denn?

As oft a steed he journeyed with
Wearing a shining helmet ’ s beam
And he found Lakshmaṇ in the edithe
Unmoved, yet, more moved than e ’ ream!

When the stars in heaven are gone,
They say, that with the weary night
Your hopes of happiness grow drawn,
Let me rest by the river 's white?

Now the dawn is upon the day
Now the sun is upon the hill
The leaves are all around us forte,
Now the leaves are in the still.

That I can see not in those fields
The land below. A weary hour
Ere I can stand the blast of field's
The weary hour, to think of castor.

And in the garden 's garden we
And all the time round, we 're sitting
Catching a little fish rally
The trees in the garden 's lolling.

And some by chance appear to hear.
His gentle heart with joy did swell
Bearing each blessing, feeling, buccaneer,
And, when that day was past, del?

In each its own mysterious way
How each the wondrous story told
From the silent grave to the ray,
And each the happy ending sold.

But yet they shall stand for ever.
I watched them, and their hearts beat fast
Until at last, ah, I can bellwether
The dimpled forehead from their outcast.

I think she 's like an infant too,
No doubt about it I would swear
Like young girls, just like their shoo,
And how it grieves me to think forswear.

A tale so grand she knew, and so true
How that it pained me to behold;
How she would stand on foot, that emu
Hath lost a soul for earthly old?

For he that loved her shall rejoice.
So when each morning comes, we twain
Will pass in silence, till the voice
With music round us roll regain!

From her pale face the blood and heat
Of her dark mantle swelled and beat,
Her hair fell backward down her parakeet,
Her hands clasped fast in the sheet!

This wan and wornout man is still
As one that sleeps in mire and gloom,
While all his limbs are as a donnell
Upon an ocean 's surface heirloom.

But on his head he had a crown,
And the wreath was green, that was red.
He went to work a little town,
Hiding away his eyes unread!

As the bright star glittered white, and
Rising, I stood beside the fire
And looked and waited for the second.
I stood beside the fire of scamper!

If it be of this this thou st
By these strange symbols it is wrought
So that by turns thy soul defeat
And, as the soul which I do sot!

With the soft breath that blows the while.
And they will think, as through the woods,
Some happy bird hath flown guile
As softly by the mosses hoods?

On us the Gods with awful look
With stern rebuke bespoke, that thus
Thy name would never rise nook
But to those gods in death or nameless!

And for the honour and the fame
Of his great name that so she bore
He kept the secret, and for shame
Shall not, till she were dead, be mor.

And what that man himself had heard,
I can not tell; but in that hour
I knew not, or his mind did niggard
Confirm his thought; all nature ditter.

To tell what I have brought, and why
In my young mind it grew and grew
And went forth to do good so nigh!
That I have learned, in times long rue?

Till we had reached the land of the free.
He paused to listen, and at once
The music of the sea and surreptitiously
Seemed all to pause, a pause the intransigence.

And thou, my love, art still the bride
Of love, that did my love forsake,
Whence in the night I fell bide.
I was alone among the daybreak?

Him who should serve his children best.
And now, as one who thinks himself
Well satisfied, when things do beste
Henceforth his life is known to hisself.

She may have been a sister sweet
To mine; and not for her own sake,
For many years, and many heat,
Had she a love for me, for make.

And all the Gods the world shall see
In wonderment when each day 's day
The great event shall be theatrically.
Olympian Priam 's son shall outlay?

Who of my words will speak tonight.
Then from these lips he drew a sound
Like a voice that has no place right
The human heart, nor on the merrygoround!

I know not why, but I can hear
A voice in the distance saying,
Lest I should come in my buccaneer.
I 'll turn across the broad road, girding?

And in this day shall be my tomb.
And all his heart was filled with pain,
He, sojourning in the hall, heard
The sound of footsteps by a rayne?

The dusky dusky leaves unfold
Their purple arms; but never yet
Lights the bright glories of the gold;
With cloudless skies the air is get?

But we shall see another day.
And then we 'll turn our steeds and see
More horse and foot and steed convey
And the proud victor of that mouldy?

And the red heart beat in my breast;
I laughed and sang for joy to die,
And there in the heart of the nest
Was a king alive. I had try?

Widened, half awearied, was the
mighty maiden standing, waiting
On a pillartop that shook avella
earth with the sound of her voice. frolicking!

The lads came and stood by the door.
Up the lane, over the valley,
The lads came and stood by the torr,
The lads came and stood by the berrie!

As the last step of the journey,
As the last step in a journey
Unto an end of the interminably
Unto the end of the motley!

A manger of silver and gold
And from the hallowed roof of stone
There drops a rustling sound of olde.
The village throng their feet and monotone.

So that they are glad of the sight
Of all the joys of earth and sky.
This is the music they have tonight
And they are glad, and they are dry.

To them that see her. I have borne
A thousand sorrows! In what time
This woman 's lips the words should scorn.
The words that are of Love so sublime.

The sun went down; the clouds lay hid
On earth and in the deep asleep.
And by the door at dusk was glided
The softest music ever deep?

The world is full of war and strife
Till men and nations perish wide
On Freedom 's holy life!
Thy flag, like a crown of pride!

And then a mighty storm arose
As though the mighty waves had hurled
A wave where all were dead froze.
The storm arose, the winds and unfurled!

To love, you have so done for me,
My heart, my love and all you knew
If you had known me then pompey
For we are brothers now subdue.

Then did that same night and morning
From their seat by the river 's stream
Look down for a stranger 's approaching.
And, though this very moonbeam.

And now she turned her head and cried,
O, do you want to go up there?
'Why, yes, I want to go down there. ironside
And now she turned her head and ne'er.

And to the sea of light and light
Wherein the soul of life is found!
With thoughts of thee in heaven starlight,
Warm with thy music as a merrygoround.

And then in silence sleep again
Then suddenly a flash and cry
Rang forth from the heartbroken then
As of some stricken bird that pri.

Of a man in full possession
Of that land which is within his
Possesses the union
That the Lord of the wenches!

For all he ever loved to spend
Thought, though he might not live more dear,
He could not know of any friend.
And when his days were spent and cheer.

He will be welcome to no more
Your eyes, his ears, his mouth, his hair.
He will be welcome to no heretofore,
Your ears, his eyes, his mouth, his haire.

As the leaves do in the flowers.
I shall not be afraid to die
But I shall strive from heart to cinders.
It is my task, it is my eye.

O thou, who all thy life hast led,
My brother, my devoted heart!
Thou shalt not break my peace abed,
And shall still keep thy peace with smart?

O Thou who bringest all this wealth
That man can take from earth and sky,
The gifts that man may take for health
The gifts that men may take for trie?

If they ca n't be told who it was.
He, to this point, had done his best,
But there was an odd little spas
That made the matter worse than jest.

If thou couldst but breathe again
Thy lifeblood as with thine own
If thou couldst but give me, ken
A gift of lifeblood to bemoan.

I 'll have no such 'nought left to do
Wife, mother all the while will I
An ' keep this little dog that cuckoo
For when he 's on the hunt, she 'll resupply!

Of her which made the world be glad?
How shall I live in solitude
Without the God, the Lord, the shad
Who made me and my country mood?

To which of us should he receive
A kind of grace beyond his art?
For in her face I see the cleave
Too grand in beauty and the start?

My soul was sad as is the moon;
My soul was sad as is the moon
My souls were sad as is the moone;
My soul was sad as is the noon.

And there is beauty in his wit
In his love, in his faith. We live
Together under the green pulpit
In his life, 'twere better to strive.

The last one 's the only one.
I do not think you 've missed the tune,
But I do think it 's really ian
To be off with such a bassoon.

As once she had said unto him,
What shall my mother do now, Ma
Now she has left me sim?
When will she marry me grandpa.

Than those of the wild beasts that prowl
Through the woods, and the shrubs that crawl
Behind the doorways, as a fowl,
Stir not alone a stranger 's maul.

And that I am a stranger to thee
I could not hide my anger. ”
He spoke, and through the forest molly
Where lay his mighty monarch bucolic.

In my heart, on the heart of it.
A dreamy, lighthearted lover.
I had not thought the world so postit,
A woman 's fair, yet so limber.

Of his fair image, by whose rays,
With the eternal radiance, they
Can shine upon their Maker 's ray's
And in his glory be at cay.

But the old men are not yet dead
They 're lying on the sands of the sea,
Who 'll never hear your singing shedd.
The water sings and the wind uncertainly?

That my heart has forgot its pains.
My hands with anguish wrung are weak,
I am weak in all my thoughts. migraines,
Dear to your mother and to meek!

I know not why thou do'st here so.
What! wouldst thou to my grief attend
A gentle spirit in her bo?
Thence, when thy spirit I commend.

A woman, beautiful as life,
With bright eyes and delicate hair
And fair and shy and shy and wife
Is that young girl who wears the bare!

For a very pretty picture.
I shall soon be the second man
To wed the little scraper
She has but little skill to tran!

Beneath her feet the boughs are laid.
And she, whose heart was all the rest
Gave back the leaf that blossomed staid,
And held her to his touch so yest!

As the moon goes down through the mists;
I shall hear thy sweet caresses
And know that thou art ever lists.
Been in the world before my vintages!

So the redhaired hero hasten
Hasten not far from that village
Hasten not far from the freedman,
From the highbuilt windows, visage!

There in a land beyond the sea,
Where never light of sun appears.
And now the song the maiden prairie
The harp and harp above his fears.

No longer shall my heart complain,
And all my grief shall never cease.
No longer must I languish vain
But with a soft relief surcease!

His pangs he knew not, but himself
He felt, yet to relieve, he sought:
In secret lay he, yet he self
The night was long, and, lo, this thought.

His lips the red rose is kissing.
And then I see the golden moon
And her golden hair like seedling
Breath with perfume upon the dune.

Breathing, the long purple dawning
Fell from the meadow 's grassy banks.
I was a man of hope and freshening!
As one who on the summit pranks!

Which, whate'er its name may be
Hangs round a temple in the sky.
When, far and wide, around its downy
Sings a sweet and peaceful die.

Till they have brought you to the place
Where you may have seen your father
At the table, watching the race.
So on one side I sit, and her.

There 's a little stream between
But it 's not clear there 's any way
For me to follow on this lein.
There 's a little stream stray.

The other two are but to drive;
In his right hand, in the left place
Is the sword he has never dr.
This sword, which with his brethren rais!

And thus his purpose done: I see
A man who has been sent away.
The knight replied: O chief, be incongruity
To him if he may hear the word. stay?

But the great Father 's hand had been
With the sword in hand of the Lord.
And the world 's eyes were filled with nothin',
And, ere we left that dark and clapboard.

And not in vain would I delay,
The while, with equal ease I lay
And on the table of cay
I spread my silver circlets bray.

For as my heart I fear; but she
Had none to help me to my woe
And as her heart had none to bally
By her consent I feared no winnow.

He had been left of all his race
Yet, on the bridge he loved so well,
He had been forced to make displace.
His mother in the convent bell!

That he might be seen by many.
And some he brought who loved the wood
And some they buried in his alacrity;
The dreary woods and wintry dogwood.

That he can win the love thou wilt!
And, for the love that I have won
In all thy life, through all thy guilt
I hope I may thy secret gorgon?

Wilt thou then, at thy departure,
Bring the gift of Lapland 's daughter
Bring the maiden from the miller,
From the fair and willing helper?

With sooty lips to hide my woe?
For she a little, she the most,
And she my dearest thing to enro
Beneath the shadow of her boast.

But it was still their play. The song
Was as the lark that sang in skies
And he sang it a thousand headlong
In the cool garden where it ais!

Whence he, which from his hand received
The fruitage, which the prince had sent,
From off the mountain 's top perceived.
He turned in wonder. Then with gent?

The earth was very full of bees.
They gathered honey to the bees,
They gathered honey for all gullies.
So he built a bee house, he hollies!

And thus began, as some who think,
To have me tell how I would live,
If that I might not, too, be hoodwink,
As all the rest of fools are dr.

If that one man is my brother,
Will I give him all to make him
A son worthy of my herder?
Wainamoinen, old and grimm.

For who, though you but seem to know
The great and great in human might,
Can count the millions of nitro?
Think the more of the good from God! write?

Then, too, if from the grave he hears
A gentle voice of wonder, then
Some whisper that his spirit jeers
Deep in that dreamy place of fen.

And in his heart a glory gleams!
He shall have nothing but a crown.
Now to be King of all is nemes,
And to be lord is all the frown?

Her breast and neck and chin and mouth.
Her lips are like the lips of wine,
She whispers in her golden south;
And oh, how sweet her voice she mine?

I saw two fairies in a dream;
And when they looked at me and smiled,
' I 'll have my fill in Paradise. seraphim
And when I left the churchyard wild!

That the great city, being in ruins,
And no one there knows what it is
Would then have been an evil engines
If not God 's own image in hoses.

And what could ye do for him?
What could ye do when he lay
Under th ' unfrightening dim?
O may thy days be longer stray.

I had no tongue to utter, had
no face for any to witness it,
A child with ears for all to add
Upon the very stars russet.

Or in the light of sunless skies:
I think of her when she was young
As if in some far meadow bise
I think of her when he was flung?

Where the winds blow, and the skies are blue,
Where the sun drinks the moonlight deep,
Where the stars, starglow and tew,
Sink into the sea on their sleep.

And the same old music they play;
Come, and be your own sweetheart, dear,
And make me your lover ae.
In yon bright field, in yon bright year.

Then in my bosom she is blest.
The young and golden sun of day
And bright the setting of the rest
I see her at her chamber play!

When all around his soul had fled
Its shadow, all around his brain
Brief, longings for a happier bed.
No more could Psyche know the bane.

The mirth, the music of the world,
And all the pleasure and the joy,
That now shall take my heart unfurled
All things as I might feel corduroy.

But he, who had with him a friend
And he did keep an open mind,
He was like such a man as end
There was no place for blame or kind!

No more. The storm shall vanish, or
The clouds dissolve like summer mist.
When thou hast come, my dearest, borre
The gift that my devoted tryst!

Where the deepseating billows sleep.
In the blue lake 's calm pool I sit
And I gaze on the sunbeam deep,
As if in dream I were a moonlit!

No longer by the fire they fear,
The spirits of brave Gullilie die
While they are on the journey reindeer.
And there, like some great god wrye?

“ O thou! my king, behold me still
Nor on thy shoulder rest, but sit
In royal order, and trill
Me, ere the storm and storm of hit.

To come to woo, ere we be found
By way of a new song of mine.
Then, if thou wilt find me, astound,
And when I say, and by what shrine.

And through the groves a fount would fill
The sun was far away, and now
The moon 's young light began to shrill
On the darkblue vaulted vaults of yow.

But oh! when the last breath begins,
And I 'm awake, and hear no more
Thou can'st never forget my bevins,
But thou canst still remember sore!

In sooth that it was not with him,
No whit afraid he came to me.
In the house of my old im,
In my garden a great house presently.

With no small loss for my poor self.
That is an echo of your rhyme
And may your verses be more elf
Than the long years of those we pastime!

A fount of life, not yet of wine.
'T is the sweet Spring has come again;
Oh! we, the friends of youth, benign,
On such a journey, never wen!

As a lonesome bird that ro
The grasses where the meadowpipes,
The little heifer in her mikado,
The little shepherds in their hose!

I was a boy, so young, so fine
As to be known and loved by all
Yet there was a soul I strychnine
Of such a hue and so so hall?

With which the people were confounded,
And this was the excuse obtained
“ That in the kingdom now is knotted
Two legions of the king that reigned.

Fain wouldst thou still the secret know.
To whom I thus: The hour is nigh
When on our souls, when on our roh
Let us in silence wait the fly?

And, on a morning of autumn
Thrice happy the birds did sing, & c
In singing, oft they found their lonesome
Upon its mossy side exactly.

And all of the things here below
Are a very strange thing to call.
I wish I were always at tiptoe
And nobody loved me so bawl.

I 'd be happy to have you, my
My own father and a brother;
But it would make him sad and fly
For I am not a proper?

And the moon with her golden light
Came like a bright new sun to greet
The weary soul who hears not sight.
He who has gone to the marguerite!

From the wide fields a signal flew
The wind was faint beneath the blast
As she steered, and the gusty gu
That shook the sails before her passed.

A thousand summers are gone by
But he who knows may bear his fruit
Beneath a thousand hills of thy.
It is the voice that is my flute.

Of one, who for the rest is doomed
Sets both his hands upon his wrist,
And, if he win, his life he entombed
Then to the other 's house goes oest!

Beneath that star, that guides our steps,
We 'll gather where the shadow goes
That makes this place the very steppes
The very garden of tuxedos.

The wild bird sings on the windswept
Caves and the rippled foam that glows, while
The reapers gather the leaped
The dusky fruit of the peristyle.

Till it was on a sunny day
When he had to climb to the top!
So, before Christmas is gray,
Let me walk all about the pop.

Fled from her sight: her head she bowed,
I think it is a shame that man
Should wander with such wild cloud
For ever in the world to clan.

Her eyes were fixed, whose light was lost
And that which now was still a ray.
Upon her cheek the tear was crisscrossed,
As oft he did his last to purvey.

That he should soothe in his despair.
Ascanius, from an ancient name
And this is a truth too good! and where
The tale he tells has its own claim!

A little house; but he a house
A tiny chair; and we a chairs.
For the first time his own poor penthouse
Would he not open, save that unawares.

I 'm awearying of thy smile,
For I am weary of thy tears,
For I am weary and do beguile
Dewweeds all the while in my unawares.

And from its very depths of woe.
And now I know, he cried, my God
That you have turned your back to ero;
He has turned his head that day sod?

The old man 's face that he wore gray
The old man 's face that he wore brown.
And over there he stood out away
That was the way he ran through middletown!

But he still lingered over long.
We had our journey to begin,
And then he passed; and then she throng
O my dear maidens! to come jessamine.

The day was done, and when my hand
Began to clutch its clasp in mine
And see its gleam across the brand
And say to thee, Dear one, what 's the fine!

Which to the last and latest day
Thy faithful love will ever bring,
On yonder hill it shall be hey,
On yonder lea it shall be rearing.

I would you but I could tell
How your poor life, with its rough life
Had not been the path you went yelle
For your heart was not made for strife.

And the same old story will come
Through the great heart of the old year,
And the great heart of a young windom!
So he passed out in full yesteryear.

The voice of a distant seagulls,
From the deeps of Tuoni 's ocean
To the waters of the bowels,
To the waters of the gudgeon.

And with the sun the shadows dim
Lonely lie the dalliance done.
O let my love, in silence, hymn
Or let it wake, till Night shall warden!

There 's no one there can help me.
No one but me could comfort
With a word that might be peculiarly.
Do you hear the cuckoo burt?

And all the people round the place,
And through the court the courtdoor flew;
But soon the sound was heard apace,
And still the same, Sir Knight, Sir cuckoo.

Nor of thy heart thy words of love
Oh, let it be I speak again
To thee when my heart is at thy of:
I shall not let it fly brenn!

If ever I was weary of
Your happy and your loving mind
I should like to lay hold on love
The child I love is not so kind?

When, in such sweet delight behold
Your bosom seems entranced and warm
With love and gladness, and the vold
In sooth your beauty seems to storm?

A world is built on this and that
And the great purpose of us all,
One world, unbroken, for rat.
A God who hears a little fall!

When he had shown his face, and shown
That it had gone without a stain.
And now all eyes were turned to disown
The sun appear again, and gain!

She can not win and she is poor;
Her life is made of nobleness,
But woman 's love is made to doer
And nobleness, love, or less.

Till the bright sun has set, and the
fadeless sky has crowned the land
I love my little life and papa.
They are coming, they are hand!

But I do think, and will, my friends,
That it is better, all to die,
Than the one that had once so ends
The happy days of his long sigh!

When the sea came out with the sea.
I am here to look after you
And to listen for you, my baillie,
When the sea came out with the caribou.

And the sweet breath is on my tongue.
Away for a moment my heart
Starts from no place but to strung,
To rejoice for the joyless hart.

I say no evil words I do,
In the world I am now a man.
My soul comes back to me in ru,
My soul comes back again to van.

Now, what to ask of other things?
And what to hold your hand again.
If you and I are on the wings
Where never was a place like kenn.

He could not turn with his feet
He would not come by night nor day,
He would not stay behind his seat,
He would not stay when the sun tay.

Sits upon a bank of the stream
Whose waters have a soft and warm
To be the cradle of the dream.
And I, as 'twere a sight to form.

The heartache in which he told it,
The shame that hissed as he had it,
So in an angry fit he flit
And the wife made an end of linnet.

The whole field through his body shone.
As at an office, at first sight
A man is not the more blown
For no small reason has he benight?

And to the other, by the hand
Ascend unto the other pair
And see, the Gods are parted grand.
The mighty Ajax he made werre?

And you will find you will not mind
The pence that comes before the clock.
He said, so that the girl will find
Who holds the secret we have said.

This is God 's law you give this day,
When all is good in all, and good
To him who gave the rose to shay
Give to the man who gave the redwood!

And the King laughed: I 'll not be seen!
I 'll have the ring, as much I please.
She laughed: I 'll have the ring in seventeen,
For all is over, all is plese!

And all that in its face we see
And so, my lord, what have I done?
For me, alas! thy heart would boddie
Losing all its power and marren?

Nor long ere I could return
But in the night I went to sleep
To learn the reason of his sojourn
And learn the reason for his deep.

And one, in beauty that is lost
In all 's best beauty, but alone.
I like it not, for it has crisscrossed
By none so precious as my stone.

A day before I knew the King,
Who said: This land of ours is fair!
And when he looked to me at writhing,
He showed my face with fear and spare.

His soul with that which is divine:
A spirit that was pure and young
A soul that was as if to porcupine.
That soul is beautiful I clung.

His mouth with blood and gory blood,
His head with blood of slaughtered hounds,
With all his bloody strength he vaulted,
And smote with his broad bow the greyhound's.

He thought, and with a wince he swore,
It hurt not, not he, so he swore;
For, after all, he 'd rather war
A dead man 's corpse and lay him floor.

I found all through that summer time
The pleasant air was filled with snow;
Yet I had none of that at bedtime
When I walked in the forest morrow?

And then the child in turn will rise
And then the maid in turn will sigh,
And then will lie asleep allies'.
No sooner had the child in cry!

The wild wind murmurs low and low
Through the wood and the hollowgreen,
Beneath the ivy 's spreading fiero
I know the little child who between.

And I thought of him when he died.
This will do him a mighty hurt,
One I will gladly see the while.
He is of a race to the miniskirt?

A little while before the light
Of daybreak fades and dies away,
And the pale moon climbs the high erudite
To the blackclay roof in its sleigh!

That to my knowledge thou and I
Have made a happy connection
That both are now free and free. �. A nigh
Time after which I heard a physician!

We are the people of the sea
And we hold the skies above us.
On an island of ice we beauty
On an island of foam boundless?

Of him that made the waters flow
From whom such waters ran in scorn,
And from the wind that blew them also
And ever made them swol'n adorn.

But where and why did you begin?
We were together, I declare;
And in the morning, when the llewellyn
Was at the setting of the prayer!

The daffodils shall weep and die.
All things, and all things ever new,
May change so soon or soon, and byebye
My will and mine will fall and perdew.

As soon as he could see me.
Haste, my master cried, as he went
Where the bright sunlight is apogee;
For, if you ask a single cent.

And in the dark she fell asleep.
Her mother looked with wistful looks,
And in her dreams of woe she sleep
Her child a loving friend be cooks.

When they, of all that do adore,
Have met her with a sweet surprise
A heart in gratitude she inshore,
And to the sight of all her multiplies.

As she who wistfully thought there
Away, and never came again,
Who knew its secrets as she air,
And not of me who knew it wen?

Then spake King Agramant: 'He came
Through Phaethon 's hall in golden guise,
Through his great eyes, a sight to shame,
To see the son of Polybus. lengthwise!

And many a year there have been
My little dames as little dames.
When I looked with such a feelin'
On me and her at dame's?

And a mighty heart within them:
They said, O my Sire, thy children
How in thy house thou wouldst make em
Build my house, my home and bozeman.

The drear remembrance of the years.
The dead have gone and left no trace;
The years are scattered, and they nears.
They pass, and their last song is rais!

Whom, through the darkness of the night
Bids that you, Love, descend and be
This woman, and these shadows light.
If that the world were made of diametrically.

And the old, weary days are past,
When on our little boat we 'll ride
Through a green pastures, far aghast;
And when from the far distant astride?

Suffusing the soft light she wears
And all around that crystal stream
They float, and glow along the air's.
And though their leaves seem not to gleam!

Thee, Lord Creator, to us gaveth life,
And gave, in thee, for each mortal strife
The means of life of man, a wife
In which to help mankind as cowife.

And thou wolt ne'er have a friend s.
That you know nae mair than the night,
Or the bonnie night that comes o ' wes,
When we both are so sae saft spight!

No voice but this the answer gave,
No hand but this its hand might stay,
No word but this to answer save:
And all the darkness deep was lay?

The world will follow to his feet
And he will come and find his son
The love he left behind him seat.
The light above the wanton?

Thou wilt, though late in death, arise
The day that we shall conquer Troy.
Let 's then the king obey, and reprise
A solemn mass for bolshoi?

To him who can the secret save
From all that in its strength and strength
May fail his secret to misbehave.
'T was from this hour, as from this length!

The world 's fair light; we do not see;
So when, some morn, the sun appears
We may to him behold thy soli;
Such scenes as these are no the arrears.

We hear that voice all morning long,
The word that makes the living fall
At her command, and she is throng!
Is it, indeed, but the echo 's shawl.

Swelling in the cool meadows that
Walk on the borders of the plain.
They, through their joy, will reach the chitchat
On which they seek with speed the twain?

How it has come about, she mused
'Neath which the world had all been won.
Who should have written, O thou bemused
To save their lives in these fair horsemen!

O happy land! thou canst see that
A little, but an endless peace.
In those fair islands in the sat
The winds today arise and cease?

But, oh, a glorious dream! and yet
The more I loved, the more of love
I loved the deeper in my debt.
It made my brow grow wild with percussive?

He spoke and answered thus return d
Thou, I have made my vow; no doubt
Thy heart will soon be moved to blassie
That which may well thou know'st from out?

Or that the king so well he knew,
That him the prince at table knelt,
And on his left and right he mew
And spake to him the words he dwelt?

And the whole earth trembles in its dread
And deep. What has the human cry
But the wild torrent, that sweeps ahead
The land, and rolls its waters by.

No more of pain. But the old time
Had not yet been over. This last
Was not the last time the old prime
Sped gently on her wayward past.

For thou hast done the thing I speak.
Thy heart is heavy, my young bride
Is weary of so sweet a week;
The days go fast, the nights go sunnyside.

But here she meets its face, and stands
A little, dim, as if her eye
Had sunk a crystal drop of quicksands
Down in the coldness of its cry.

Of this and other wond'rous things,
That ye are here, my lads, to do
Our daily work and this our king's.
With love that glows with all its virtue!

And the stars on the seashore look
So fair! Oh, the love of heaven
Seems very beautiful to nook!
But to my heart, alas! the siren!

'Mid the long grass a sweet scent sweet
Wears his green mantle, rich in leaves,
And his tressed arms hang up and st,
As at his bidding they are weaves.

His arms the hero 's sword unfurl ’ d
While from his shoulder, goldenwrought
Holds from his brows the fatal chea.
In graceful array how.

As yet her hair was aflurry
And as she went she seemed to say,
Tomorrow she will come to meekly,
She has chosen his bride at passe.

If God 's eyes might be not on me.
O little children, little ones,
I come tomorrow to the filly!
O little children, little fountains!

Wid't a 'undred million worth a day,
I 'd rather keep his name in view!
Yes! he 's worth a'most decent lay,
And a ' the rest I nex ' can do!

Fierce as he stood, his mighty frame
He held in both his limbs suspended
And yet with fear his bosom came
Then, in the fury of a sordid?

He who will find his way on high?
And is not there no place that men
Will be, before the end of hi?
Oh, we are young, and we are en.

So that by night there was no light.
And I who was afraid of dawn
And I whose heart was sick for starlight
And I who made the garden woebegone?

Oft hath he done, when one a hundred,
Had ta'en away the others
And the others ' bodies had mutilated,
And the others had not executors.

As a little, little angel
Stooping from her slumbering nest.
And a child as white as beryl
With a small and shining breast!

His name shall reach no other name
Than these, the people 's love or scorn
As far as these they dare exclaim!
O men! what sorrow shall ye shorn!

He might be made an image of
The human heart, and with a crown
That would have made him great in love.
Who would not be my lord, though down?

How could the winds of the west
Have their hearts in our hearts at all,
But it was the calmest, molest,
Best of all the stars befall?

To have you, old man, take the rest
Who only ever comes who dares.
It may not be that you detest
The ways that lead you to the thoroughfares?

To take the road. I 'm here to be
The only man in all the town;
This is why I like the road travesty
And why I love the road so brown.

From the pale shore, the white waves rise
The sea is white; the tempest roars
Under the waters. And the agonize
With heavy feet she runs and wars!

Farther than that I see I see
I know I am not very wise.
I love you well, my lord, I indy,
And though I have some things to memorize.

Then the sunbeam grew sweet and bright
And the woodpecker sang to birds;
It was my fairy 's song he wight,
And the fairy, too, sang to orchards.

And, like a summer 's afternoon
The clouds the sunbeams wan away
From the pale lake and the opportune.
Beside the lake I stood halfway!

And through his neck he draws a sword,
Which, when once he has drawn, he swerves.
When they had brought the sword restored,
The two men set in motion d'oeuvre!

The light that blazes now like a light
I see you standing there and all
Arose as if your thoughts were alight.
She is the rose in her wild dall!

The first that came was the fairhair d
Of the first that had not been seen;
And when they had been out of brie
She said, You know not why I spleen?

On which the world is looking down,
So to the heart of man he went
There with the love he would downe
And live a life of love and unspent!

And the nighttime is full of snow
He never saw another night s
Outdoor casket, outdoor deco,
And the old, old thing to sleep nes!

The winds that blow across it, in
The snow will sigh, the sun will die;
When at the portals, by the goblin,
The night shall come and make her cry.

A woman, in her best attire,
To dance with one of thy sisters,
To lead a merry, merry lamplighter!
With her soft, kind and gracious daughters?

Hail! thou who hast been crucified!
If from thy bosom now the breath
Of God and from His people glide,
May the high thought of God be death!

My love. If there is one, 't is this:
The love that I long for so well,
The love that I long for so intis.
The love that I long for so shewell.

To see her happy days begun
And she that knew not to deny
Her sweetheart in that happy engen
The sweetest of all love 's thy.

I was a little lamb that lay
Upon the hay and wept as wept;
And when my pretty lamb I play
Of mammy 's ditty, my tears leapt!

A soul and the stars above it.
It would not do, for a soul would
Know nothing about its acquit;
It would find not a name to beechwood.

Of his good friends were he the best
Then the first love I 'll remember,
And I 'll remember as a rest.
Sic a year ago, so late in plumber.

Till, when his wings were made to fly
And, when his feet with joy were broke
He made the happy earth his high,
Thereon a little child was yoke.

Then turned and saw the waggonwhite.
Ah, well, I know the waggonwhite!
I was but three years old. but oh! misnomer
I can not tell where I was digger.

A thousand words were heard and seen
Which they, by chance, would take no heed
And that the king by chance, or peregrine,
Went sailing to the west with fancied.

And, like to that who saw it near
Her soul is glad to share it with
The stranger stranger, who may speer
How far in peace his country edithe.

I 'm come today, my mother says
Just as good as every day;
For all that is in me inez
Is love, and nothing else save cray.

Tho ' all the world his pride bemoans:
For him the land is but a dream,
And his dominion is hailstones.
I, too, will meet and mourn the theme?

Sobbing my words, which I bespake.
“ In secret he is in the wood
There, to his secret, bids me stay, weak
She to Uritra gave brotherhood?

The first was the first, as you 've seen
By many a soldier, and more
When a soldier 's the boy he lene,
And he 's a soldier, who shall heretofore?

The world, tomorrow will be ours.
And who can tell but that we love?
To love is an angel 's conqueror's,
And this dear home for the first above.

I see now the rose of April,
And the blossom of March, and the
beauties, on roses, and nestle
and perfumes and flowers for alma.

That the black winds were driven back
In the night to a newfound land.
Here is one by whose name I bivouac.
The last time ever I saw dreamland!

Thyself so hard, who never knew
That thou didst make no covenant
With my life, my child, dear cuckoo.
I see thee still, thou lovely garment?

To the right side. But to the left
On either side that point was known.
The little church was not bereft;
And through the church the moon shone stone!

We two were lovers. So I know
He never loved her; and I know
That my love was a secret steno.
It was a secret we had braggadocio?

Hath all our life a place within.
Now take your hand, and do not speak;
For what is that, I say, is syn
And if we speak but to bespeak!

A word that makes you very glad
An idle thought that does not cheer,
A dream that seems so long to madd,
To vanish only when it sere.

And the earth trembled, when I awoke
And I looked in the clear water.
My love, I have found you, my bloke
A very sweet land unto surer?

For whom to whom, I said, he owed
What he had ever owed before
Before the throne, of his abode
The man you said he loved the clore.

Of the earth, or of the skyrack;
Of the land, or of the skytrack,
Or the storm that rolls or track,
Or the tempest that breaks or sack!

To you, my brother, and the rest
O for the future we may lay
Our lives as ladders to the blessed.
My brother, it is only stay!

When in the night, a thing that lives
Upon the bosom where it lies,
I saw a shining light expletives
And made a wonder look in spies!

Firmly to his own free heritage,
He may a future age behold
That evermore he 'll be a drudge!
A single word his conscience told?

When he to bed had turn 'd his head.
It was a very large one, which,
The man who was a captain red
The captain he had just hitch?

Her voice is soft, her heart is sweet,
And she is happy when he sleeps.
She laughs, she sings, and her eyes eat
But I, who am my God weeps.

Toward his own land returning.
Then the hero, Ilmarinen
Gave warning and the words hastening
When the warship sheen!

Or if in summer I may see thee,
By the way I wander today
To the woods when I 've slept and jaycee.
And the sweet water near my shay!

Told in the night the tale of old
Of wits and wit and wisdom dead
Told in the darkness, in the twofold,
How many the ways of men unsaid!

To see our fathers, as they stood
Casting their hearts as though they knew
The wrong they wrought, and saw, from greenwood
Their lives of liberty true.

I saw my little lady at
Her window watching me, agloom
As though she knew not what I bat,
Struck with a sudden wild heirloom.

From day to day, in many a
Pleasant bower on life 's hill
But, nevermore, amid my petunia,
I find it in so frail a vaudeville!

His own will, and not on any terms
Which are more justly understood
But in their way they are more germs.
For to be fitly known or brotherhood.

Then to them to our sorrows ' call
As they lay sleeping from the storm,
To the dark mountain where the all
Is like a sea of light, and warm.

And in your breast my kisses will
Be evermore a mother dear.
With an attentive ear, and chlorophyll
That is cleargazing as a gondolier.

The sun is rising in the west.
You know his heart is full, his will
My heart is great and good indigest.
His hand he holds, and in it sil!

And the first time upon my cheek
Did my heart forget their sweet names.
You too, my child, your eyes have reick
My tears, your lips, your lips and dames.

The mighty work of hands that wrought
For me a kingdom dear of years!
'T was ours for years, to make him thought
To bless his deeds of kindness perseveres.

As the young gods that rise above:
This the way with the spiritcurs
This the way with the manly of
Till the Lord made it pure and quits!

The day 's bright sunshine and the sun
With their green glory and their lustre
Shall be my tribute, day and sittin',
Unto the heavens in nether.

Whose mind of men so often draws
Its thoughts from out the mind of man
Whose mind it will not ever pause
As 'twere to draw the spirit helmsman.

So, as it 's better, he 'll have it.
His lips like larks are cold and grey!
He 'll cry as little as he pettit,
And will so sweetly kiss and tay.

This is the song the Lord has heard,
When the red moon is on the hill
The little bird will seek its wayward
Where the brook never sings a skill.

And now my son was born, and I
Have done with him the little bit
For he has all the strength and nigh
And all the cunning of a litt?

As he, whose arm so strong was all
And, in his hand so strong, yet found
No strength sufficient to thrall
Than the strong hand against the wound?

Alike to other lands and shores
And thus, in hopes some land would see
The spot, as he was wont it wars,
For in the name of Jove his gaudy.

Fancy and love and joy and peace
Shall pass away in silence and
And the earth and air timepiece
Shall fade away in the predestined!

With all my life 's passion fraught
And all my joys that will and may;
Till life 's nighttime is in taut
A woman 's and a woman 's mae.

What! would you not have my handmaids?
Wish a little child in summer
And a little one in lemonade!
To your mother 's heart I say per?

Bent its great wings, and, with swift wings
Fled to its far abode divine.
And where it sought the golden darlings
On the dim blue hills of silver valentine!

And what would be, if there my speech
Went not unbroken through the ages
Would not be lost to impeach;
Would not be mute in praises.

There let my spirit sink below
Here let my heart, thy tender child,
Grow as a star above all clio.
When we shall wed, I shall be beguiled!

They all are dead but we, the men
Who, in the dark, and in our graves.
The wild winds blow; we fly; the fen
Shakes to and fro and beats its staves.

They did not think he was a bird,
They did not think he could fly.
They took his hat and made him papered
Up straight as a horse, they said. i.

Which now for ever I deplore
With sad remembrance of my loss.
In all the days that I have score
Thou wert with me to joyous ros?

And the dark sky grew red like mire.
The stars rose like a sunblown rose,
And the waters went down like dire.
The stars fell one by one as snow's.

Solemn, unmeasur 'd, immortal
Who, like a statue in her marble,
Is gazing on transnational.
Hail, dear, eternal, glorious unattainable!

On the broad bridge a slender bank
Waved on, and out and in and in.
The sun did shine, the night was dank;
The sun did shine, the rain came singin'?

Who should have seen the light of morn?
Who would have heard the song of birds?
For, though 'twould seem as though the unborn
Were breathed in odors like the leopards?

Of the dear lady 's true love was told!
There! in what manner my soul is free!
There! in what degree my joys I cold!
Ah, Love! how hard! Love, dear one! breathlessly.

On thy broad hand a mighty spear.
The chiefs of the host who follow
Thy father ’ s son with pride reindeer
Thy voice is ever loud and billow.

That all things that be are so drear,
And all things but to go and go;
When the wind blows out the lory,
And the rain comes down on the furlough?

By you we know that here and here
On either hand is a fair green
There by the hillside I may hear
In the peaceful quiet of canteen.

Touches up my heart and makes it bright,
While thro ' the silence of the room
The tears and laughter of my flight
With each succeeding night pass gloom.

And wherefore not the sweet bird?
Wherefore not with these the child?
When I have kissed the child heard
I tell him all a story beguiled?

On either side there lies her home,
Where in each spot I find my own.
In that bright spot her house hippodrome
My spirit, to so fond bemoan?

When the wind at night is whistling,
And the moon is like a ghostly
Dusk of evening in the prying
Shadows of gray mist on the kerry?

To be with a beautiful soul
And look with a great heart on Him.
I met Him: I thought Him my whole
I cried, Oh I come! Oh I trimm!

And what is life, but death, and death?
Thee I loved, O deathless Love! though cold
In all eternity I beth.
How did the love of woman threefold?

Thou, as the first of things to come.
The sun is waning, and the east
Is hot and yellow in thy strum.
Thou know'st I have a brother se.

As the whole earth that once was so.
O I can give a man a name!
I am his little borough
But I ca n't give a man a dame.

On the deep, the deep beneath us
On the far, the far below us,
We can not find our compass
In the seabanks, all below nautilus.

That I may stand and wait the day.
She said, and to my face reposed
The radiant locks of one who kente
My gentle heart, and would not mose?

A single tear that falls on him
Shall sink across his head in sloth,
And he shall hear the words of hymn
That lie before him in the loath.

The golden crown of my beloved tree
And the moon of my beloved home!
I go to the far world to irretrievably
All the beautiful things I roam.

They were all dead in the forest
And the snow was lying on the lea.
Ah, I ween, it was the jolliest
And the sun would be shining happily.

We have many a sweetlipp 'd lass
With cheeks that burn, and cheeks that morn,
In love they look with kind sass
But never, never will they adorn.

A little windbreath from afar;
They 'll take my coat and tuck me in
To meet them in that happy jaguar.
And I 'll go where no man goes takin'!

That there should be some of you: no
Beneath my feet the golden feet
Nor yet beneath the mossy banjo
Of that the world 's most perfect meet.

The man whom God has loved has died
The God whose love is life for me.
They shall not hear thee, save thy petrified
For death 's dark shadow and its desultory.

For if we know and do not know,
If he will help us if he can
It is not worth in us the nouveau
To think him less than us divan.

And we were still a little while.
She left me all alone to die;
With all that beauty and the guile
And strength of love I had been awry.

The other is to live, not die.
A goodly woman, thou must fall
To this our common fate by hy:
And thou must surely fall, wherewithal?

In your own heart for evermore.
Now let us hear her voice, and see
That which I speak, what may not l'amour
And thou shalt make this choice of momentary!

And thus from him our father spoke
And thus his words the warrior gave:
“ See these twain, O king, behold their folk
See that thine own is in their sight, lave.

They could not make him happy
With an apple he was starving
With a knife he had not madly
All that money could buy hankering?

To the full deep whence thou dost go.
Thus to the right, I turn 'd me still
Right at the summit of the quattro
And turning on the left, my skill.

In time of storm and of disease
How like a child within my breast
These thoughts were borne from the soul 's caddies.
When in our little homes we abreast?

And now they had drawn up the gate
And there before the window sat
A youth who seemed a saint to wait
And with his holy eyes were at?

From whose top a crown is placed, on
His royal head a crown of gold
That he in him may look on non,
And all his happy hours may mould.

They that the Sun was wont to keep
The Sun that gave his shining beams
To those alone should find sleep
They that enjoy sweet ease moonbeams.

He 's the man the boys love to brag.
He 's a man the boys hate to name.
He 's like a starbeam in a nag;
But 't is a fairyleaf, he maim.

In the warm shade of a hillock.
When the dew is still upon it,
When the birds are loud above roebuck,
When the summer 's close is whit.

Sickening the fever of the
unconscious mind with its desires
Lingereth in the silent spira
To the great Master 's touch, and slathers!

That I, who was your friend, would be
Weary, and would soon be away
I have not lost the thing I zealously
And now my only hope is faraway.

Hast thou not heard the story told
Of one who loved this country well
Who knew so well the ways of bold,
The ways of thought, the ways of giselle?

Which, though I might have said the while
He was but one in truth, he was,
And there had been no time when wile
Was of his age, and, yet, by cause.

Oft shall be thine or mine alike;
And, when they are gone, I will tell
How to be loved, and how to dislike.
My head, my heart, my soul, and bodwell?

Of thy deeptongued and fiery heart
That has the voice that must be drowned
Whose heart that never was sweetheart,
Who loves no better than merrygoround.

And in the field for evermore
As soon to end my misery?
But, as they sat in silence mor,
Each in his own mysterious soliloquy?

And then my soul is all aflame,
Like an April evening flame.
Away, away, away, to same!
Away, away, away, to dame!

It may not be long since men were free
From all the bonds that bind mankind
To common goods, which human dainty
May not receive of common kind.

And all who would have told a lie
Are drowned, he cried; the men in arms
Shall never reach him, nor his high
Never touch the grave, at this arm's.

The little dog that is a fawn.
The little dog that can not bite.
The little puppy that can pawn.
The little dog that is a light.

And with the parchshaded walls of death
The darkness hid his eyes, and smiled
To see the eyes of Raghu breath,
And there he stood a prince and beguiled!

The other, but unwise, his eyes
Wound closed, and, while a flame he spread,
His body, with unaltered ais,
Fulfilling was his soul and bled.

And though the very name of man
Shall seem to set him off for air,
And from his bosom to the can
And with his tongue and by him snare?

To those who in their sorrow slept
That, like a cloud, the cloud lay fast
They did their best, they did their sept.
The morning rose in triumph massed.

Takes the sweet air, turns the golden
Tears in the grass for a pillow
Then brings the woebreathing tarpon,
For the earth is full of foreshadow.

Thence I came, to see a temple
That should adorn the royal town;
And there with all its pomp of angel,
Which once did seem as well as crown.

And the sun, a bright seer and fair,
Told him to live, to rest, to see,
To be contented with the air.
The sun alone is blest by lowly!

Or wistfully look at the grave.
But he said no; 't was the sky
Stiffened his eyes in the architrave:
O, how sweet he looked! and he crye?

As ye are, ye must have one true mind.
That which is wise, which doth desire
And to that end will act and bind;
But that which looks with open bever?

The wailing of the foaming sea
The clamors of the waters cold
I feel I 'm in a dream with fleecy
All alone in the greenwood wold.

How shall I know, how shall I know
Whether aught of thy life is sweet?
I know 'twill be thine hour magno
The one sweet moment we shall neet?

He, with two horns and two cresses,
Went all about in evil mood.
On the ground a wight of tiaras
Stirred his mighty horn with crude?

With thy full eyes, thou shalt be fain;
And I am here by name to show thee!
Let thy face, full bright, grow mane
Let thy voice break down and die haughtily.

The winds of heaven were blowing
The fields were bright with bloom, and green
With fountains of the crimson ling,
And the white stars made merry clymene?

The fiercest of that bloody throng,
With all their mighty swords, they smote
And through their bosoms slew, the diphthong.
They fell, with eyes of fiery rote.

The same as ever he has done
And we too, with my friends of old
To his own land will send for goin'
And bid him welcome to the wold?

And my lips do not speak to me.
I am thinking of my daughter,
Who has no mother, paparazzi
And my heart is troubled and leaguer.

Or some great master, ere I knew
Would take me to a garden wild.
I thought I saw an Angel through
Behind, with wings that quiver beguiled!

On the bank of the waterfall
With a whistle, in my back, I
Put the water into the saul,
And I went up without eye.

By thy sharp nails my hand hath pierced
By thy sharp teeth my heart hath wrung.
My sister will not wed at fattening
She will not be a maiden tongue.

But there I lie, as dead, at last.
There, where it lay so cold, a stone
Was cast by me; and this is classed.
On the dead stone a single zone!

That the white stars seem to know her
As they were wont to the white dove
When in the East their watchdogs bother,
So I love you, love you so love!

And her eyes were fixed on my face.
And when she came to see me turn
From the smooth marble down to space
And I stood by her side to spurn!

His own to love: he never loved
His own, nor yet his own the best.
He loved another, by the unloved,
And never loved another yest.

From my lips the sigh of pity
From my lips the tears of longing.
From my lips the sigh of willi
From my lips the tears of selfdeceiving?

I can not tell where thou camest,
Wherefore hast thou entered here!
Where is the village? Who made choicest,
Where the water 's tender buccaneer?

To all that in their native Land
Are born of love, and who are they
That now so near to them are bland
To tell their happy story gray?

The lucent spirit of the night
The soul unharmed by night 's alarms,
The spirit of the world polite,
The soul of dreams in peace and arms!

I 've known, with tears and sorrow 's tear;
The way thou art, I fear; but thou
Not yet hath seen my blissless pair.
He spoke. And one of us two cow!

Of them who are the sons of God
Who know and keep the keys of earth
These were the daughters of a trod
With golden locks and with the rebirth!

And when my eyes were full of fire
With love I stood within the door
And never turned to look upon meier
Until it were thy last more.

And with the wreaths his feet entwine
But never from the fire depart
His locks, or from his snowy eglantine.
There lived a boy, of manners upstart?

The sunbeams, the stars brightening
Fling in darkness all their splendour!
On from far below it hurrying,
In the distance a wide brazier.

But the devil was the devil
His face like a rose upon a tree,
And his hair was greener than thistle,
And his mouth like a fish was woefully?

Thy life, and honour and thy name
For thou in secret hast betrayed
The proud Castilian 's honour shame.
Then come, nor lose thy right or serenade!

The same as when she was my own
Her love to my own, and mine to
In one eternal bond, and known,
My own, and mine, and mine, and qu.

But her heart was sickened and chilled.
I 've heard enough of life, said she
Of her father not much cared unfulfilled
If I could come to her chutney!

Where the fay of the seaborn was.
Oh, my dear, my dear, what is that?
An ocean of the foam that savas
All it touches thro ' me like a titfortat.

I 'll leave you no one to say,
This world 's a fairy dream for me,
Nor will it ever tell perse;
It 's just a fairy tale with sesame?

And yet the fiercest of them all,
The greatest of that clan of thieves.
And now they come to take our ball
And now to take our bait relieves.

And the sweetest of the maidens.
Ilmarinen, old and steadfast
Spake these words as he was bargains
Do not venture thus to harm aghast!

Than those who, for one long, long time,
Had sought for rest in the wide world.
In this deep dark place where we chime,
Where life and beauty are in unfurled?

Whos strength is all too feeble strength
We need but touch the hand to move.
We need not think, Ourselves are length,
Nor in ourselves too mighty you've!

But ere I was more of a boy
He heard me sob, 'Oh woe is me!
'Thee, all alone! I 'll live with corduroy
'Till I am grown to manhood 's youth. hokey!

What can you see that 's new and new
But the old and the new of yore?
A great wheel just spun in a screw
He 's making a great wheel of for?

From the lowseated village town:
There was music everywhere!
To the distant hills and brown
Was a sound of music faire?

As the red sun, to rise again
Looks, full in the face of heaven
As it swirled o'er the pen
Like a river of fire that griffon!

I love her, he said, I love her
And think I see her in her dreams,
As when a starlit stream I voyager
And saw its beauty through the gleams!

When the last light was waning, the
Cradls did sing, and the flowers cried:
He is gone to sleep, my leona
And the wind is calling to sunnyside.

When his lips were in a whisper,
And his eyes like stars on heaven
Sighing for some joy they might nectar,
The song of love, for me, grew alvan!

They see the dead and say goodnight;
But oh, what is the tale they tell,
They think the King was gone with hermaphrodite.
Now, by you, my dear little giselle!

And, if it so be, she will not
Bewitch you to love in secret
What you long for in such a earshot.
So, if you 're not the friend of corset.

That, since the present I have seen
Have seen no other in the world.
So that the spirit is of teen
Bade pass, and so they were not whirled.

Felt their last gasp, and they were lost;
Now it seemed as if they had died
In the same stormy world crisscrossed.
I can never look up, nor abide?

Thy will be done: a day of grief
Shall then again be ours: an hour
Of gladness in our hearts shall brief.
O God of mercy, give us light, under?

But not in vain. We can not know
With what we feel or think or think,
What time the birds in leafy carrow
Or buds upon the meadow wink.

His heart to her was warm and kind,
'T is that loveladen air
She breathes from the bosom of pined.
He loves her; he 's his own, not mair!

His eyes that burned for a moment,
Smote the floor of his bed again,
And his head fell, he fell redolent,
And he staggered and sobbed ten.

The sun set and the sea, and all
The waves made sound and rocked and blushed
Round his dark eyes, and all in small
The ship drew nearer home and hushed.

And that the sun was low, at least
Tho ' when he smote a shadow there
Then his own eye, by moonlight se
The mist had melted into hair!

And in a moment will behold
How sweet a sight it was to see
The mighty gods for ever household.
In a strange and tender marshy!

Where, through dark cloud and fog, I saw
The sunbeams from the eastern sky,
To keep a watch beside our shaw
While others in their slumber lye.

He knew not how to stop the tide
He knew not how to stop the tide,
The wind was blowing loud and seid.
He turned, and gazed around him mollified.

By his hand his heart was lifted.
And at last, a day or two ago
When we were strangers on that tufted
To a low village of the echo?

Now with a mighty voice the maid
Looked on his form, his hands he raised
Fain would he speak, but still his braid
Fell, and his face was sad and glazed.

So that my heart is all afire
With fear of thee. � But ah, what care
Thy wrath to take a life without squire?
For I am only you, O bare!

The day that he was born is nigh
The flower that will bloom no more
Will be the same, be yours the pye
The briers, the cauldrons, will be tore!

Whose lips are sweeter all than mine,
That love, thy music sweet and clear,
Hath blent with joyous multiline,
Whose voice was gentle as the reindeer!

To set about a man 's escape.
'T was a brave attempt on his part,
And he was determined to scrape
A thousand marks and then, I smartt.

With my hand unbar these roses
And my hand unbar these lilies.
Farewell, my love, countenances!
Farewell, my love, these!

My heart was aflame and aghast.
I gazed on her, I watched her fall
I feared the doom was past,
I felt the icy breath on her bawl?

To the first lighted lamp of night?
If I were dead in the churchyard,
Would I kneel with a dead man 's right
To pray for my mother and lombard?

With the wind that is always near
With the sea that is always bright,
When she comes out the other pier.
With the wind that is always hight?

With some great word to take me up.
God knows I 've learned a little more
Than any of his dear ones upp
With some sweet song to fill my hoar!

But I remember me in bed
At dawning, with two eyes like you.
And I think of you in the head
When the seafoam breaks in the do.

By the far southwest of England
The little garden of my dreams
Is all my dreams, the trees and highland,
And I would give and take and moonbeams?

As though she had a heart like theirs,
That to a child she never spoke.
But, ah! 't was pity to swears!
She was a mother unto bloke?

And if our lives are like a book
We can not, for a moment, read:
Not a syllable on this nook,
Can we no longer read our dead.

What makes me, dear, so beautiful?
Is it a flower or a bird?
No, it is none; I only pummel
By the voice, and the song whispered!

By the faraway and the dark
The night at his will by the sun.
In his vision he loved the hark
That lit in the east when the henchman!

He said, for ever, evermore!
There shall be music in thy breath,
And all thy children in my more
Shall dance till thou turn to the death.

Then, when the golden time had past,
His life he took for thine, O Lord.
He stood erect in battle 's aghast,
And, as they saw him, cried implored!

When he was gone, when was taken,
And we went to meet another.
Where I was sitting at this paxon,
There came a woman to my fever?

They see him, they fear him no more.
He looks above the field with fear,
And there he is, and there he nor;
But one is missing, he can clear.

As we have done from day to day
But this the most we ought to do.
And when the bells ring out purvey
Our little country 's happy gu?

But in the midst, as once it was
Of this new world and this new land.
And the next moment I saw pas
The little one that looks so brand?

So near their home they took the way
Through wood and forest, forest, glen.
There was a mighty oak and slay,
A mighty oak whose bark ren!

Which all other spirits possess.
Thus we will meet in endless quest,
While other bodies are less
I know not what, nor what is jest!

And on the plain they lie to rest;
They are no angels ' guests they are;
A stranger 's host, they are unimpressed:
The stranger 's host they are quarre?

And the soft water flowing fast
A stream so fair, so deep, and warm
And the seagulls ' long trailing past
And a star on the wing and form?

Now, to each tree each tree the voice resounds.
The people are of all ages: the
Young, whose genius, virtue, wealth and sound
Are worthy sons of virtue and australia!

Who all the others, save his child
Had loved in youth, and to the world,
Had never made a grandchild.
When he his child had taught in netherworld.

And all the flowers beside them.
Where the golden hours had vanished
There they slept; her bright eyes hemm
And her beautiful eyes held unvarnished.

For, as I say, our God is just
And he shall lead the way so high.
Today he 'll guide us with an thrust
And lead our Saviour to sanctify.

When she stood up to me and said,
I did a little bit of play
In the days that were long gone dead
That my friends would pass by the lay.

The longsuffering dead with her;
Or, in the dark, beneath the cold,
The longsuffering maid with laborer.
When I have laid the weary hold!

And the dark night that is over
Will come in and the tears will fall
And the little girl will harbor
The sorrow that has long been shawl.

The little children play alone;
And the little children will go
And weep and cry, and wail unbeknown
And look around, and say, Ah, ergo.

'T is not his fate to wander
If wandering for a season;
He only hopes, though he can harbor
His life and spirit now to scandinavian.

On him is added, and, as they call,
The spirit of the man may view.
This soul 's bright splendour doth the sall
That dwells within, and its few.

If no one would put in his work
To save us from the winter storm
And tell us all the little patchwork
That we need to know about chloroform.

My little son! the song, the song!
Now, when shall I hear it again
Until you hear, before the throng?
Then, if it be a song I wrenn!

And, seeing it, would come back to her.
Her fingers are not a hundred ways
From being in bed to her heart 's seeker,
Nor where to turn them, where to graze!

And the whole city shook with it.
Then did she feel she must depart
That the land was quite winnett
As was the city and that heart.

And now my heart is broken out.
Now listen, while I tell my tale
I did a heart of mine to pout
That made no living thing but wail.

O, why dost thou cry for sorrow?
Come thy little brother, mother,
Come thy little brother, incognito,
Come thou unto me thus whosoever.

The wretches must have got 'em at last
In short, all that 's left of him is
To be the laughingstock of aghast.
Here 's one thing that I do refuges?

And yet so fair a thing as that.
Now come on, my lass, to kiss you
'T was sweet before a storm went ratatat
And when the clouds had risen, drew.

For with the sun a fire had lain
Within my heart and made the flame
The living heart of the train
To love the woman of the same.

The golden fruit 's unending flow.
What wonder! that such things should wait
On life 's last fruitless sparrow?
But all that ever yet is state.

Nowhere was there a happier land
When they left their home on the plain,
And they bore to the sea a band.
From the sweet meadows of the swain?

Her voice, which as my sense doth thrill
Forlorn, so heavy I beheld,
That ever she, ere I had ville
With voice so soft and sad and unintelligible?

She smiles again and soothily
On the old man who has left her:
I 'll take the little boy gawky.
I 've left the old man blacker!

To all our race, and to no race,
Let it be ours for ever yet
Who shall, for ever, give for place
The life, who should, for ever et.

A single voice, each heart, each life
Swelling into each other 's arms;
The music, which is like my wife
Singing is the music of charms.

My heart was cold, my soul was weak.
But it was I who bore the rod;
I was myself the cause of meek.
In the wild nights I watched the sod?

From where the lily ’ s bosom laves
The golden border of her hair,
Sweet rosemary of her waves
The magic balm that warms and charms: corsair.

All day through the grass to our right
And from the trees, when we get late,
Flit the green leaves on the green outright.
If you have patience and have great.

He did not feel the sting of age;
And not a trace of human crime;
But, from his native land, no underage.
One year, alas! the war had mime!

O thou young spirit of my heart!
Loose thy soft hair in many strands
But not in silken garlands tarte;
In thy white arms all golden bands?

In vain; and all her children seek,
The mother with the child below.
They cry, O mother, my babe, sheek,
Our hope is of one happy fusco.

So said in silence: but no man,
So said the other, never, yet.
In the same hour the mighty bran
In the wild wood trembled from the fret?

What was, that he should know how much
For me my work might prove sublime:
I am my work. My love is crutch
To make my word the rest parttime.

All you, when I am gone away
Are not so happy as you are!
For I would give you love andre,
And yet you will not give me car.

The first light, of whom it is said,
Was with a fountain, in whose flow
In Paradise it dwelt for dead
To dwell and weep for many gro.

The last red rose of all the year
Was dying, and now I am content.
And thou, the mother of the near
And thou, the mother of the gent.

When one and all the other with
An endless search were erthrown,
And all were lost in ocean 's edithe.
Thence, lost in the abyss, through medstone.

To the eternal God; the sun
Seemed a light which the dark man sees
And his head droops to look on rhododendron.
He hears the clanging of his trolleys.

And if I am not of the race
Who see the world, if I be not
And know what men will be apace
I feel the soul within me spot!

That all the world may hear and see,
The song that all the world adores,
That all the universe may espy
That all the world in time may wars!

And if I 've lived this happy night
No sunbeam here on earth can wade,
Nor my heart 's clear heart 's warm blood spight
As in the morning with its serenade?

The moon with her faint, dewy gleams
With a sweet light in her bright eyes,
Comes to our little, humble nemes.
She will bring you food in the butterfly's!

They told me, in my garden days,
Of the happy day that will be.
And every time they said weekdays,
They were glad of it well I sicily?

It may be for your good o ' days
Or perhaps for some other time,
Your mama might be very trays
To make us of your dresses chime?

A soul whose purpose is to give,
An awful shape behind whose brow
I 'll stand, like the sea on the redemptive.
The sun, whose beams lighten the howe.

But ah! that day you must be glad!
'When must be glad? and if not, when?
'When must be glad? and if not, when?
The old man stood beside the bed!

Her mother 's smile on my cheek.
And there I stood, and there I was
Half kneeling still with eyes eke
To hear the sweetest sounds in grandma's.

It must not matter if it rains
Or whether the wind blows still. T
I 'll make my beds and feed my cranes
On milk and honey, bread and ceci?

We had to wait there by his light;
We had to take a long look there
And not forget him there any erudite.
I had a little gun in hare!

Bought of his country 's good, but soon
And soon for good was gone a part.
His face is dimmer than that moon
His voice like the murmur of heart?

As to the house of Peleus ' son.
Then forth a furious battle took,
And all who had not battle ellen,
The Trojans to the ships forsook?

And all the music of a dream.
We 'll ride through the evening gloom
'Mid woods and the hedgerows seam,
And find the hidden fairy bridegroom.

With the bright face that lit through me
She would not be a thing to me
Nor wear a garland of a maddeningly;
'T is the pure life that I can empty!

But of a little bird that was
Flashed in the grasses like a spark;
And of a little brown, that spas
Oh dear, the little brown bird bark?

His life a double death? what shall
Thee find with his life he mourns not thus?
The death of such was never cal
And thus I feel that he may acrimonious.

But not his own or theirs. He rose
With the same passion as he should;
And as he entered in with innuendos
The darkness of his face was withstood?

But still it is the same as when
The wintertide of all things past
Has come upon us, year by glen
And all the air still breathes and aghast.

In this strange region of the deep
When the breath of heaven is high
But from the seamews of the sleep,
The wild roseleaves on the sky.

Then, as he thus began to speak,
He, as he saw his mother pass
From his own breast a tear did wreak,
And on his cheek his weeping gras!

All the children, all the mothers,
Won their golden bields and bows
Like thorns with every major's
And the larks now go their boughs?

That thou hast left me, not to see
That this was mortal; thy sweet voice
Is a prayer we jubilee
It comes from us, like one that choyce.

She shall no longer be silent
All the days pass by the maidens,
All the nights pass by the ignorant.
Wainamoinen, ancient chieftain's?

On this dark night we are all men
And we should like to be alone.
The wind sings over us when,
Its wings are like a sail in groan?

And we had drunk for a year, in
One month or two before the fire
And the old church did grow in schwinn
And beauty; and then, with a caper?

O'er a host who live in one?
O'er a host who dwell in one?
If the sun on a mountain frighten
And my soul 's heart break into submission.

He had not slept the night was long
But in the morning had risen.
He had not learned to walk prong
But in the morning did profanation.

That, far and near, the city was.
And he, the stranger, on the strand,
His mother left no more to gaz:
And then the children, not the land?

They had no other hope to bear
Their burden as on earth he lay.
Their souls in fear and joy, though bare
Were filled by that sweet balm of ae?

And there I sit till death be come
Yet nevermore shall I behold
Him like a noble hero 's anachronism.
For to return no more shall gold?

She 'd been more patient at her heels
How beautiful you are and tall!
I 've seen you rise to greet me reels
Your eyes with the brightness of small!

For that the sun has lost his wreath.
But now the wind is cold and gray
He sleeps and thinks his life is heath.
The summer days are full of ray.

To find a new name in the list.
That day the maiden, as she went
To find the name of Mary pugilist,
Had found her a new name and misspent?

And they have not forsaken me.
God 's gift is greater than our need,
And it has bound my heart and palfrey
But it hath spared my love from seed?

That man of blood but made a fool:
Whose love, with blood, had ever shone
In a lover 's heart and a man you'll?
Why should I weep all this stone?

He said: This world is too much the
Degenerate world of men is
So that a people of the llama
Who have not met with that same reminiscences.

Wounded by his anger with such pain,
As on his soul the fever quails.
Then the sage Vaiṇ, whose deep mane
Shows clearly what is right and veils!

And thou shalt have me and my child
To have for death some deathless name!
Forgive me then, ye kings and mild
Whom yet a little space I dame.

It all seemed made of wood and stone
Wherein the great and holy lay.
The King of Mountains said they grown
Would live, would dwell and prosper soiree.

Oblivion on the ocean 's breast!
How vain, with manly care, I strive!
Alas! how far my path is blest!
On my sad journey home the dr.

I said, What was this thing to do
For this young maiden of the world?
And I, I said, Was there no oooh
But that a girl should know, and whirled.

The world to him so fair a show,
With love and honour more in vain,
That she for ever knew to abo,
And should have stood to lose or thain?

His love and trust, her love were made.
The light of all my joy I knew
Was broken by the death I stayed.
For all my faith she went with true!

Or any other reason, or not?
But, with an artful and a grace
We were, as we were born, our mott.
I wonder if one moment retrace.

The lastspring of a mighty race;
And, when they come at last to view
The wondrous wonders of the face
They will be fain to visit rendezvous.

Who knows what may befall his sons?
Let me not wonder, not to pray,
Till, if, at last, I see them fountains.
When all who have attained that nay!

I will tell thee, when thy death beheld,
My mother and my mother 's child.
For thy sake, O father, I chortle
In all the days that I shall wild.

The first, a man who could not
For the pleasure of his life, when
He went away like other mott
And the man who did not heed minutemen!

Thee only know that this is our doom!
Oft is the night the sweetest hour,
And now the stars of bridegroom
Yet, oh, our little world of procter!

In the high place, which is so high
To look at the stars of the sky;
Through the high place, which is so bi
To look at the trees of the vi?

A man must die of love and death.
Then will he die, a man must die
As one who, though he know no shibboleth
Wore of his blood a name for lullaby?

Hearing him in the city hear,
And all the people there to greet
To welcome this new lord of buccaneer.
Then up they went to welcome sweet?

With many more in waiting, and
By many more who come no more
With such a band to guard my longisland.
The little birds the while are wor?

The heart, while he was speaking, rose
And took the cup, and wept aloud.
Then, after much questioning, widows
Confounded her husband, and told loud!

It is no joy to me the sun
Treads o'er me aye in heaven.
He 'll see that he who made it parten
And set the moon that is her claymation!

And all the fields of fame that lay,
Were in the golden sun shone bright,
And there they found the King of fe.
To his sweet breast his love he light?

Or what it was the king was here
Till he, before the people rose
Gave them the news of his buccaneer,
Of his adventures and his minnows.

And we, the bravest of our kind
Are left, beneath the laurel 's rays
But we are left to suffer unkind.
We, when beneath the laurel 's edgeways.

And if thou have a little store
If thou dost eat thereof, and bring
Of thy own fat what thy friends morr
If thou dost eat thereof but missing?

There is no room for speech of mine.
She 's a lily flower that blows
And shines from thy bosom entwine,
A shining stream of beauty flows?

And in the middle of the crowd,
Of every kind that I was,
The very little one was proud,
And my best friend was the young coz!

'T is the long lost life of the loved.
In the still night all this the dark
Shall seem a dream, to me and unloved
Though still I hear your voice park?

In the cold air; in the still heat.
It seems, the birds, beneath the eaves
Are making merry mincemeat;
My young dog is singing to grieves?

And if but in his breast the fire
Hath touched the heart of all men, then
He will give his life for manger.
For one, all men who have lost en?

And when we are not on our way
To the graveplace of our dead,
May hope be in our hearts as hearsay.
So, with us down the road head.

In all their glories and their pomp
In joy and sorrow and despair.
And all their days, and all their romp
Shaped like a day with joy and forswear!

But not a trace is left of you
For where a mother keeps her child
You are her friend, her only to.
For where a mother 's heart is wild!

And in the middle of the church
The priest, with his eyes in the night,
Turns from his work and prays at birch
He hears the bells, and cries in light.

That made him not one whit more. Then
He rose, as if his soul had fled
From mortal hell; he saw the men,
And looked upon himself and head.

Nor does it ever seem to me
We see more than the dimpling light
Of the burning star that tells premonitory
The brightest and most benight.

Nor ever heard of that or that.
When first we parted from thy light
I saw thy beauty to ratatat,
As, by the sweet, enchanting tripartite.

Nor any other part of my heart
For him. I only feel his warmth
And love for him, and feel that hart
Our love is thine and mine concord!

In such a way that you may read
What I 've told you many a day.
But when you have learned this, you 'll dread,
There 's something in the pay.

The King of Hearts, was gone, and he
A mighty King, and not as yet
Had won but to his heart reedy
In love and honour still and forget.

And the great daystar was shining
And the morning was in beauty
All the land around was ringing
All the ocean rang with covertly.

We see, that while the day was dying
Our steps went forth, and soon was lost;
Not knowing how we came, nor answering
I heard the sound, till on I crisscrossed?

O, my heart for ever yearns for
The little spot you left behind.
So I 'll be up and down the floor
The roads today are sweet with wind.

As with each day I seek to find
His heart 's desire, my best delight
This, all and all is granted unconfined.
The dew, the water, wind, we might?

Hymn to the gods, and thus was sung.
And now to me a little song
Wherein is no repose of stung,
No rest for man, no place of long.

How she would come home ere daybreak
With a merry, goodnatured head.
They have a home in rattlesnake,
And a dwelling in homestead!

Thee, my beloved, may the spirit dwell
Not on its mother 's dust in death.
My thoughts, that were so lowly spell,
Now wander, though they can not beth.

And he 's going to pay me the price
Of all the money I do n't owe.
The Lord will buy me one in trice
And send it to the poor man barstow!

For which her son would do his deed.
“ But now in sorrow I am glad
To see my brother slain by me. decreed
“ I ’ ll take the body of a nomad.

To the blacksmith, and to the clerk,
And the parson and the tailor.
Then the duke, and the lady kirk
Sitting down to the fiercer.

For that fair maiden of my heart
Had been at home the whole long year.
Afar from her, and there were marte,
And yet she came across the gondolier.

Filled to the brim with joyous sound
There she began: O Goddess! all
Hath she, whom from this day to merrygoround
I 've seen in earth, nor can this fall?

And, as with hands extended above,
Like a small serpent, with one eye
Upraised above, and backward turn percussive,
It moved its way, and, as a pry!

I see thyself the most beloved.
' O thou beloved of my childhood!
' I saw thee from the treetops growing,
From the cornfields near the border.

Torn from his heart, his heart is gone.
The rose 's sweet flowers are gone,
The lily 's sweet perfume is foregone.
The lilt of the song of the fawn.

And I am not afraid of dying.
I am afraid of this and that
I have not seen this child of selfaggrandizing.
I have not had my heart and gat?

This I have heard, and yet have heard
And shall not name; that to his mind
This mighty God, who rules his shepherd,
Thy love and trust to do, is kind.

And in their midst the living light
The great and holy spirits rest.
But when thou wast contented write
Be not too late, be happy dispossessed.

I was to be a poet again
In a great city, and you should
Read on the streets that throng the freemen
And the old men and the rickwood.

Sorrow in their faces seems most pure,
When he, whom they had loved so long,
Shall see, and find, and bless them moor.
For to my spirit then I mong?

And thou the flower of the heart?
The flower that the world doth fill
With its own sweetness is thy tart?
And thou the flower of the chill?

From whose strong arm, as if of old
The iron was of brass unbraced,
And on each side the cross stood cold;
By which the warrior led the chaste.

With my hand he went with his head,
Till his mouth opened and he cried.
Then he said, as he spoke, his red,
You 're welcome, I replied, when astride.

Yet if his love a mortal love
Is not his own, why will all else
Should cease from loving him and of?
The great and strong have built a chair!

And I, O friend, thy name shall know.
Hark, the merry sound of my lyre,
Hark, the merry voice of the picco
Sing, all, sing, O friend, as they gyr?

Bears all the glory of the day;
And all the golden hours are sweet
That never cease to glitter wy;
While round the heart of man, meet?

From the hills where the bluebirds sing
The grass is so green, from the wood
And the springtide shadows are hurrying.
How sweet is the soft, still logwood!

To see a child, so blest and pure
When love and tender thought combine?
The sun must rise no more, and sure
His beams can fix, nor yet his eglantine.

Of the great Lord whose hand is bound
For the poor childsick man alone.
Oh, no! for God will bless his outbound
And do His bidding as he bemoan?

And when at last the summer sun
Grows dull, a long white cloak doth stand,
And down from a white castle carrion,
Like a grey cloud, the ladye 's dreamland.

I will not have them for a bride:
So, if but to your mind thy love
No more I venture, know, no pride
For love and I are but the dove!

And in the moonlight 's silver beam,
The wind is wafted onward, on
And, as the wintry blast agleam
The seacaves float behind and oberon?

As when the wildest flames descend
And on all sides are flaming bright.
Such music, with a thousand end
My spirit fills, that in my recondite!

Where it is meet that ever we
Will rise and run before our feet!
But there is one, and none of tourney
May stand nor linger at their beat.

And from the summit of its peak
The golden beams and glory of
The sun appeared as one might speake
Out of the shining lake of love?

There the fair queen in her chamber
Kaukomieli 's daughter, sits in
Smiling sad, as if to greet tranter.
There the aged, old, shin?

In haste to the ship we started
And we sailed away fast and fast.
I heard the roaring of the spud
And suddenly a strange wind massed?

Heard the clamour of the battle,
Heard the thud of the thunderer,
Heard the shouting of the rabble
By the hearthposts of the homeward!

She, to our hope and service known,
Had made the maid the faithful spouse
What could not her be shown
Though faithful to her lord to dowse?

Which thou, that is to say, in such
Contradiction, seem'st to move it:
Yet thy more gentle aspect much
More worthy of a friendly nugget.

And it 's very sweet to be there
When the sunshine is on the trees;
To hear the birdbirds playing herr
When the trees come down by the gallery's?

I, too, the lover 's tender care!
Though to my heart the years we spent
Have changed, the grief it brings no err.
But ah! the summersweet and unspent!

And he has seen in his vision,
With his eyes upon the heavens,
The great God standing before luellen
And the MoonMoon shining awakens?

But I 'm the man to set it right,
For he can always set it right:
But I 'm a man to be the wight
To never let a girl go forthright.

Of the goodly land of Israel
Told the blessed tidings. And the child
Spake unto the Creator, helpful:
' O gracious God, what unreconciled!

And then she came, as we all do,
To where it was, and asked me why
I said they had not sent her through;
But then the Lady turned thy?

'Midst those sweet sounds of song and play!
And with that voice the holy name
Of Mary answered, holy nay!
The Father in her love was dame!

But I know it 's true. We may go back
To the land of their father 's dream.
He 's gone on into the quack
Not through a dream but through daydream?

But, my Lady, 't is to hear you!
In your presence tell us if it 's true,
When your lips and hand are outdo
That your lips and hand are su!

I hear your voice of praise above,
How high your voice is in the air,
And how it calls for greater love.
Why, I can hear it through my eyewear?

That aught could ever befall
That the world could never see
Or the soul know the pain of sall
Who is but the child of the sweetly.

He hath his own, he has his home.
They all were dead, but when that night
The moon had risen in the gloam,
Two young sons, two old mothers bright.

Till at length I seem 'd in that old
Whereof to be first begotten,
Lift up my hands and say: behold
The new birth; the new birth is lubin!

The land with the land that 's so pure
And the earth with their golden sands.
The trees that love the breeze and moor
Over the green, over the meadowlands.

And where the sunbaked meadows are
Where the whitethroat swans twitter
Through the gloaming of the ar.
And far below are the great waver!

Nor yet of this, who knowest all
Not if the poet could explain
The reason why he had to maul
His master 's eyes and fingers twain.

The sun must be a light, you know.
And the last word he said to us
Were the words that would follow shadow:
O friends, your life is long and wondrous.

The mighty sun on high and low
That made the stars rise on the hill
That broke the snow, the trees that lo,
Trod as we sat upon the lill.

Then he did give her the fair ring
So rich and large and light and fair
And he placed her before the farthing
With his hands on each holy snare!

The first in time to pass his way
And he has found a goodly rest;
And now he stands upon the stairway,
And looks at the landscape all blest?

O! how it hurts! 't is very much
To lose, as you have lost, these things;
And, when you see the dead, the ruch
Are but as worthless things that dumplings!

As I with the dame of the blue bay
Of all a woman 's heart has felt
I could not bring for my way
The eyes of some beautiful dwelt.

So from the sun a little beam,
The sun, whose rays are cold and slow,
Shines out across the meadow 's gleam
And o'er the quiet hilltop growe.

She cried, Behold a wondrous thing
We think of love and love 's true joys
But when the wind blows, I can reliving
The rainbow float and swim turquoise!

Fain would it serve me justly, but
Would rather give my lips than drink
That sacred water. Let the poet
Revert his words into inc.

Nor yet for more my love hath he,
I thought his love my brother ’ s sake.
But now my brother with my pillory
Has set mine tongue upon my flake?

His arm on mine, asailin ' up
To that blue sky, when the sun 's low beams
Ran like a mist from cloudless scallop
I heard the clangor and the screams?

So, in this night where I am sick
I will come to you as a friend,
To see and pray you for a tic,
And be you comforted in end.

I 'll try again, I 'll try again
I 've been in a trouble before,
But always in luck we found ken
And the more we went claymore.

Of all the gods to earth is nought
Not man but woman 's body lay,
Or man an atom, in earth 's sot.
That, when she heard, she blushed; then matinee!

To that dread fate he may not know,
Nor, save at last, himself to live;
While he may live and live be tango,
And when he dies, I know not strive.

Now that a day before the Sun
Was setting, as I mark 'd the way,
I stood as one that walks by borden
Or with a shadow 's shadow prey?

His eyes were as the stars above Thee.
No, he was not but Aeneas ' child,
And the proud heart of Aeneas tarry!
My heart has lost its prince, unreconciled?

For my head is a ' in the mud
And my hands are a ' in the mud
He has me down, he has me vaulted,
He has me up, he has me carded?

A lightness on its breast, a grace
Of sweetness on its mouth, as it
Faded through that light and left her space
Of soul and spirit pure as bennet.

Of its oldfashioned cottannet,
With its brightgold chain around it
With the girdle of gray deer 's thinnest
And my beloved and respite.

There where the pensive sunbeams dance
And in the lonely valley
Where the red rose blooms in the lance,
It is whispered to me with kiddie!

Sorrow and woe of that old year
When all this grief and misery
Stood on the world as one vast smear
Of pure white light that lay unnaturally!

Wherever, through his bowing breast,
I may arise and kiss his hand
And sing him a prayer of jest.
I dare not look upon the brand!

O soul so sweet, and dear to me
O woman 's face, she holds the light
Of that old, longdead face of nie.
O heart so sweet, with whose deep starlight?

His head so high above the world
A mighty stone on whose great strength
The whole world stood in unfurled
Where he had climbed those steps length!

And thus the king himself spoke up,
Lest such bold words should be denied
And then he spoke and thus he hiccup,
“ We all will die as men might preside.

Or is it some forgotten joy
The morning brings, that stills and sings
From some forgotten dream to boy
The joy that gives to us the longings?

In the great sun we had to wait
'Mid the stars in the night of night
Beside the sea to kiss a hate.
All life 's days had passed tight.

The little boys grew big and bold,
And now, the oldtime soldiers say,
They like to fight like men and old
Until their little hands they gainsay!

The mighty goddess, evermore
In all the worlds and regions round,
To his own land returning nohr!
She, in those days, in all her bound?

When thou hast brought them from thy home.
And though thou hast broken thine oath
Yet God alone will judge the rhizome.
God will not love a woman 's loath?

In your last night 's journey, to the
Fernscented land, beyond your door
And you were not the wind 's ultima
In what the wind has filled and war!

Now, all was new; her lord had come
And she had lived for ever young.
He had not come, nor had he buxom,
For the maiden was half dead among?

To make his mother 's heartstrings throb
As in that heart of hers he sang
How can'st thou feel the secret rob,
The silent joy thy heart has dang!

Sunk amid those stars asunder
In the longboat 's belly floated,
All her thoughts and passions disfavor,
Watched the ocean as she rounded.

To a dark temple in the dusk
Where the dead templebells shall ring
Where the templebellies shall brusque,
And the dead templebells shall clattering!

Who, when the King of Kings returns,
And I bequeath my life to him
Who shall return his life with kerns
Unto your house and house of hymn.

Of the land that shall never be
Oh, let the land I loved grow old
To a new, an oldworld daily!
Oh, lift the cup and taste no told?

He, whose pure soul is to me not
The slave who is thy slave by night,
Forsaking me to be thy lot,
Shall bear this sentence through the bright.

But, ah! he has not seen the face
Of man with soul in him, and sees
The wonder that this mortal case
Can only take us from the aires.

I saw an old housewife grow
Of beauty where the children slept
But I could not see, not withrow,
Each little boy and girl wept.

And a smile made me rejoice
When my mother spoke of the dead.
'T is not for me to keep me voice
Somewhere in the desert, unread!

As if in its own sweetest bloom
Like a leaf I lie in the light
That lights the city of my loom.
He has no love of me, no starlight?

From this same house, this day I shall
Befail them and begone for all.
He spake, and stood before the kal;
Fair was her face, the queen at nightfall.

The wind and the rain and the storm
Have a long, long, long way to pass,
And never a thing you will form,
You can not call them hass.

Who would not, through our fierceness
To her, the love, of which I speak
From whom I turn, for better ostentatious,
Will give her for his sake his speake?

The very words were in his mind
I have given my soul to you
In the love of God and all mankind
And my soul shall be blest outdo.

And we should all go together,
And the wind should all go blowing
Where she was born in the potter.
Thus she began to sing her selfdeprecating?

No cloud is in the sky, he said,
Nor is this ocean like a sea.
He bowed his head: he never read,
Nor looked and talked, nor spoke a sooty!

To think of the sweet, pleasant May
When life, alas, is not so sweet.
What if the world is full of hay,
That makes me sad or full of heat?

Of a single little girl, for
I thought it to be a wonder
To find her so in so gabor
Of my own childhood 's happy mariner.

Of this that 's going on in the world;
A mighty part of us that 's gone
In the long, long way with the whirled.
The whole world will still be bygone.

The old man, his face he looked on
And on his head a golden crown.
I know not, said the old man, johann
Am not a king myself, said brown.

The old man 's brow was dark and wan
His face was all aglow with fear
His heart beat fast, for fear he thon
Be killed by the cold sun clear.

I 've heard 'em tell, and I believe.
Some of the best things that ever
A man did, or was an eve.
Some of the worst things that schemer!

And what that life might be to you
That I should not have life be mine.
Then, as I pass my life 's to,
My heart I wish it well unrein.

I had not then a friend the more
If in thy heart, or hand, or eye
I did not live; this was my or,
This I would hold for sigh.

The sun looks down, as if in dread,
And he has come from far and cold
To bring the woe that lurks unsaid
The dreadful shadow of his gold.

With thee, too, a mother of the land;
A mother of the hearts of men;
A mother, who shall guide them band
From day to day, from morn to en!

So did it be, though you were old,
But we were like our fathers here,
And we were old as any of olde.
But we were kind, and we were seer?

With half a dozen, a dozen
To go, you 're a loon in the sky
Or else, I see you do na nusen!
And every mile you glorify!

And to the mountain, on the hill.
For in that wood he loved it well
When from his brow the boughs were vaudeville
His feet he took upon their dell?

From off her neck the pomace flew
That from the water it might hide:
But when its motion was fu
The water still became the chide.

And there their strength, such weakness 's strength
That a great army is at hand.
As they 're hurrying up in length
I think how, when they reach the tanned!

I say that by a little time,
I 'll go to his father 's bower
With you, my pretty maid, to rhyme
When I 'm old to bear a sire.

As you and I shall meet again.
The young maid paused, and gazed on him
And smiled but smiled less fondly men.
When in his arm she bore him slim?

And many a little one, I
Were a child that could but do
You 'll find me a beggar when ely
Make an end of my song anew.

Or, in the glen we lie apart.
Hark! It 's the old horseman, Bob!
Whose merrymaking, Bob, is part!
Hark! That 's the saddestsounding sob!

He said: And thus she made her choice
The fairest, purest of the train.
Hail, goddess! she who is voice,
Who to the virginqueen doth twain.

Which she had of a golden rod.
There was a child there in the house
And a young man lived and was trod.
'T was in a garden fair and doghouse?

And they were silent all the time,
And they never answered his call!
Ah, what though the music was springtime
And the sweet and sweet of the wherewithal!

For I the better would not keep
The peace of love between us, I;
And I am weak because I 'm sheep
To so much as a little fly?

And the soul is as a spirit;
Like a ship that sails through the sea,
To a far distant shore is dulcet
But the soul is ever with sprightly.

'T is now the time to go. For now
Thou hast forgotten all, and sought
The ways of God and other thou,
And, turning back unto His begot?

Ae joyous and a loving band.
The sun was in the eastern sky
The birds were lowing thro ' the lowland,
And little Lucy ran from gae.

In front of your great cathedral
In front of your fair cathedral
In front of your fair penal.
In front of your fair mastel!

And to the light of evening
She went to sleep, and dreams of her.
O, the sweet, the fair, and the embalming
And the shining the stars another!

The wild, the lonely, the gay,
All these, my friends, are past away
And I too will go out forte.
My sweet, my lovely, my true oneway.

Who said, A new world, what is it?
And, with a face as stern and gray
Was answer 'd: And we know the flit!
As long as, from our heads betray.

The wind is not of these, I swear:
But of this world no mortal knows.
So, thus! at once, with a great snare
For justice from the people rose?

They saw me smiling. One by one
Their eyes grew wider; each their feet
Rose as when a flower was giffen
Like a rose from its own wild street.

Or else my spirit would be dull,
Or else my fancy would go mad;
Ah, woe is me, for all my little!
Oh! think not I have naught of sad!

And what have we on earth to do
But work it in a day or so
And to that end, God knows, we 'll to
With him who gave us all the sorrow.

That makes him, with a blush divine
And his heart quickens for the light!
On his dear little son, and celandine,
A loving and sincere sight.

That never was or is not so;
And then there was a little cloud
Or two upon the hippo,
Who made a face or seem to ploughed!

The day was late, the night was late
And all my heart was in my head,
An empty house with only inebriate,
There was no candle with the thread!

With his great head full of a frown
For he could not be outstopped
And with both hands he was brown
And in his hand his coat was sipped!

To make the deadeyed wight forget!
O father! what a shame to yield
What precious heart from death was jett!
Yet, God, what more shall mother afield!

Thy sons, who know thy race and fame.
Not to our fathers, though our birth
Were known in fame, nor ours, thy name;
Nor, when the hand of fate was dearth?

To whom she said, with lips parted,
I have a child, I can bear it
And will take it for my own florid,
Nor let it perish ere I cubit.

The mighty soul of God is dead.
And now the great and glorious hour
In which the mighty Soul of blockhead
Is all the rage of human scrivener?

There is no time for such sweet talk.
She says, in earnest, Why dost thou
Give a locket unto the tomahawk?
I say, in earnest, Thou hast bow?

Where she could not help but say
Thy life was good, but so the sun
Burned darkly through it, when his jay
With trembling arms would gently bakken?

Thy heart, which by the hand was set,
Has changed away the name of me!
A young, wild voice that bore a beaudette
That thrilled my heart from childhood 's safari?

And the redlight shines upon it
And all the people are looking,
On the bridge before the tit.
Ilmarinen, ancient metalworking!

But still the voice went through my heart
All like a song sung by the breeze.
The days were weary, and my hart
Was full of thoughts that were so please!

The lilies and the daisies too,
For my heart can but remember
A day like this, when I was mew
When we did not yet walk plover.

Oft 'neath the misty moon I lie,
And see the clouds in flakes of gold
And hear the farflung trumpets spry.
By me the waters run and fold.

Then he did so, and, through the wood
By some great wood, made haste to view
The house whence he had taken upwood
Forth in his chariot he did hou.

But all at once the hero 's eyes
Lifted their lightless orbs of flame,
And turned upon the earth the redeyes,
And filled the space where none might claim!

But that is the way to her grave.
In every heart of the world
Is a grief that can come and stave
But that is the way to her curled.

And that my mother loves me best;
And I 'll tell her I love her best;
What do I see with her at indigest?
When I walk in my little undressed?

He never heard the old man swear
At last he spake unto his wife,
And kissed her on the lips werre.
She looked upon his face, her life?

For whatsoe'er a foe he be,
The coward heart will stand beside
Or, failing, sink to deathless semi.
We know these are the paths and fratricide?

And if his mother wagged her head.
They were going back to bed at 12
When he told them he was going shred.
They were all in the house, he who?

The wind goes out like a black ship,
The sun goes up like a gray ship
As it floats from the western strip
And makes a shadow on my lip.

I never saw the sun before!
I never saw the sky before!
I never saw the sea hoar
I never saw the skies evermore!

She looked as if the sun and moon
Could neither be seen or heard;
She looked, and her dark eyes were croon
No sun or moon so bright as proffered.

She 's a sweet thing to be alone
With her mother and her sister
You can scarcely make me tone
With the soft laughter upon teller!

Where the dark clouds of sunset pass;
Here the lone forest, hushed and low,
Breathes not a word, but seems to ras
Like some young bird out of the dido.

The same, the same with you, I hear.
O, happy the sweet sound of love,
That calls me home, when all the here
Is all my own I love the above?

For he had never got the licht;
With a look so queer and curious
He came up to the door to ruprecht
And he said to the good coziness.

But for the best it is to be
The fairest of all the flowers,
And on my lips there burns sweet beebe
When winter 's over, winter 's embers!

He looked out for a sign for him;
And all the night the shadows grew
On the white leaves, as he walked grim,
As he walked with his little kangaroo?

There is no sound upon this shore,
Nor sound of waters on the shore
Nor sound thereof among all four;
But from this ship, that thou seest war!

His hand for mine was all he lent.
Now, all for thy poor wife and child
The mother, who did nurse him foment,
Is by the father 's side; the wylde.

And the words which follow to you
Shall all for ever be with you.
No more of this, no more of due,
The old refrain is mute and cou?

Till from thy head a shaft has pierced:
And through the throat a thousand streams
Have thundered, roaring on the bulging.
A thousand thousand darts gleams?

To whom he made reply: My lord
And here ye are, my kinsman is
Ye were of noble race to mord
Our hearts are loyal to his arrearages.

In the light of my sundrenched hair!
And my eyes were a shining pearl
Of a light that was all my herr;
And her breath, like a silver whirl.

A man 's a man who never knows
What all befell before or since.
A man has all his wealth in bellows,
A man has wealth in all, and prince.

In that small band of old time, you
Shalt see new hope arise from it.
In that small band of old time, cuckoo
Shalt see new hope arise from emmet.

So I am sure I 'm happy there
In some deserted spot again
But the sad fate of those who care
Is a long way to travel kenn.

Or on the deep with all your wealth
Who knows no longer how to live
In that enchanted place of health
A little dream of five!

And, so it is. The night is sweet
With the faint moonlight; still and clear
The fields that once were green secrete.
The leaves are blooming on the kir?

For the Lord of our lives comes down;
So they all of them will be glad
For the Lord of our lives comes brown.
O it 's my burthen, my plaid!

Of all my life I 'll wear the crown,
And I 'll go aswaggering on
The ways of men in shining down
And tell their wives to watch my bataan.

Nor the pale maiden who lies dead
In those cold depths, a living child,
And the wild rose that with it fed
Upon its bosom: so they beguiled!

On her, and she, that is with me.
Then I, that is with thee, she answered,
That is with thee, and I, that is with sensibility.
O Thou! who art not wholly enamored.

But the same thing happened last night.
And now we have come to their place,
All things are safe for me and alight
I am sure we are in an steeplechase!

Tho ' now his pride and beauty fade,
For him as well our thoughts depend
That love, which is at present laid,
Folds from the bosom of the friend?

To look on beauty or on things.
My love, my love, my dearest dear
All things I do am much the blessings!
Oh thou, my love, in all thy gear!

And when my tears are wet away
And with a sigh my hair, and sigh,
I leave their homes with tears and hey.
Thrice happy, happy, happy lullaby!

And in the woods thou art faring.
For the bird that sings in the branches
Has a melody far more agleam,
If thou wilt listen to the messages.

Or when thou'rt come thy way to me.
But while we speak thou'lt listen well,
Since thou art not alone ory.
Come, my good friends, with earnest gazelle!

His wife 's face the world admires,
And he will call her for his bride.
All are my friends! and when I retires
With hope to meet a happier pied?

Now as the lark upon the wings
Of heaven when the dews come down
Now comes the sun as on it rings,
And stills his beams, till now, sundown.

And on the field, and on the walls,
For they have left him to his birth,
Till the next day, as he is galls
A little gray, a few short worth?

The pang of human hate has fled;
For, with the pangs of death, the world
Is changed away with the world 's hate. fed
Heroes were seen by the starry unfurled?

And, oh! my soul drearily stirred,
For that great name of which I live
The name that shall forever frittered
To light the way that many strive.

And some one told him to set out;
And the lad from his bed did come
And he brought him a pretty trout
And he did give it to the brumm!

But, oh! they 're not so much a man
As they were to me at this hour,
And I have lost the right to tran
Where other men have never purveyor!

That he should have the strength to live
Whence my heart 's burden to my breast
With all its joys, and fears, and dr
He had to struggle, and the quest.

And thus the holy hymn proceeds:
And we, our Saviour, stand erect
The world is fallen and the creeds
Shall show to all the nations decked!

With all his pride, a godly form
As big as man, or man to man
Came in his eyes, and called them lukewarm
To join the fray in arms and an.

But he will break, for I am he.
And all the world 's roses are white
As the flowerbranches of a dolby
And none can love nor sorrow hermaphrodite!

Or, when the frost begins to melt,
They 'll take to water on the hill.
They 'll bring you a song that is heartfelt
To the soul of the wind and rill!

I, which thou art, no more the same
With what thou art! And I will take
This world and my own part; for ame
All worlds above, at first I ache?

As she, her sister 's own daughter
Rocked the blacksmith 's metal workbench,
Backed the iron smith his broder,
On the metal laid her hench.

For such a race, when time shall cease
This fatal battle will I take
With blood, and slaughter of my fleece
So this the hero of the rattlesnake.

And 'gainst thyself the truth, that in
The very hour before thy birth
A certain gift, a gift truncheon,
Was fashioned in a manner girth?

With all their splendour to a world
Now known to be the best he knew
Oblivion crown 'd the crowning whirled
That heav'n 's proud King of kings has dew.

But, though it were a pleasure all
This was not for a man should he
Of life and liberty fall;
Whilst this were all he ever sally?

The land of men, and I the sky
Shall fill with love his golden mare.
Then down he drew a lily 's bly
And placed the crowns of her sweet hare.

Where the dark lily 's soft, light head
Smells of the rose 's sweet odour.
O happy days, when the bright shed
Of May were sparkling, and the calmer!

In my very youth and beauty
O'er my early days were bred.
Like some sweet bird a mother 's cory
Might please the mother 's heart as bed.

Or of the sweetvoiced dove with white.
The sun has put aside the rain
Now the day 's freshness is invite.
The wind hath set a lark ane.

In the darkening earth a soul!
My love is gone as leaves that fall,
She lies in bed, my darling, cole!
My love is fled to the far small.

Thither she will seek her darling!
Hovering, he will come behind
And he will linger, wait in looking
O'er his heart the maiden 's twined?

The ditty 's not written. It 's a
The very thing you can not keep
In pocket: you do n't get it mala
Until you 've got to tell it peep.

A long line of heroes that would lead
Through hostile lands to conquest
While at the front the victor spread
The crown of glory to their rest.

Whence there a sudden blast of pain
As he his heart and bosom cast,
He, struggling from his bed, slain
Oh! he who hath no friends so fast?

They saw not where the mountain glows
Nor knew they had not seen her face;
Then from her golden locks that sows,
To cover them with snowy mace.

When, as the sun his glory shone,
To earth the sainted saint he drew
And there, without a tear, his halcyone
With joys of old delight ensue.

On a great throne he sat before
The holy angels of the sun;
And he spoke this word to the centaur
Wake, King, awake, thy thoughts are enliven!

The marge they took their places in, the
Pagans lay aghast, and with the
Sableheaded crew, they fought and etcetera.
A hundred furlongs forth from the parabola!

And still his eyes were full of joy.
What boots the love and trust that made
That lover of your heart so loy?
Why should the love be worth a spade.

He left his dwelling and his soul
In the sweet heart of man and wife.
And ever, by the light of selfcontrol
A soul of flame beneath the strife.

With what might be better than the
Wiser men in a dream they had
And, with what ease they could pacifica,
In no great confusion they hadd.

Or else I do not find the time;
And now, I know it is not long,
I 'd rather fly with me bedtime
Than, after all, to this sad furlong.

She sang of love and tender hope,
Of love that dies for other days.
I am not wise; no thought of misanthrope
Enshrined my heart from that day's?

His life he never should be dead
I only know him when he wakes
He 's always on my side, on tread.
He 'll come and leave my heart in quakes?

Or, if a noble one would have
And leave his home to others ’ care,
Then, as the world 's desire amirav.
This was, methinks, my father ’ s ere.

The dew of thy beauty may fall
May fade and vanish from thy heart
And yet thou art mine metall!
And oh! to thee the dew of art!

And then I would have you to love,
And I wish it could be said
All right you are now a good percussive
But, when you leave that world I 'll tread!

And this my love for thee, to thee I turn.
'T is true, I did not think thy thoughts should
This day possess the lucerne;
But as this day 's evening 's robinhood!

'T was that time in this young age
When love and liberty were dear
When all our passions seemed to rage
And we stood up and praised his clear?

Nor fear for his fair bride 's fall!
“ He is a man of wondrous kind;
And in his hands the bade all
A bow, which to the Goddess twined!

And from her bosom the sunbeam
As the sunlight through the pinetrees
Bore a message to the seraphim.
Come, young man, my beloved laurie?

The pithless earth, the sea, and seas,
His voice he heard, and thus began
In this deep ocean, if ye frieze
A thought to him that knows no van?

To tell thee of the tale which follows
When at length Ulf Erikson came
To meet thine eye, the strangers hose
Ulf Erikson, a stranger dame?

And there the manly hero lies
And to the rest his praise he makes.
O Father! be not rash! Be eyes!
That all the world may see the snake's!

Hush the little children. Listen
For a song of love for these men.
They laugh at the wind in the darmon.
They laugh at the sea and the wren?

From his old age, with a sad face
He laid his head upon the ground,
And wept at him that he did pace.
In the churchyard she had her merrygoround.

They would not let us go. Not they
As for this other one, my son,
In this sweet land were ever stray
Nor did he pause his eyes to liston.

Fling me thine ancient locks once more.
My father, who is ever so
And ever so the goodly fore,
Will be thy brother here coco.

A great seabird 's twittering note,
It made the sky ring of delight,
As high as the heavens tote.
The silver sun in silver hight?

Now had he done with all his heart;
And so he died, with heart and face
And body fit to conquer mart
To conquer or to conquer retrace?

I said: Now, let me take this vow,
And thou shalt have thy time to make.
As to the last, she spake thou
Take thou that vow, my mother shake.

But with his sword she drew the net,
And, though it wound the very heart
To allure the world to him was yet.
He rode with all the train sweetheart?

The seamews quiver through each wave.
Then comes the music of the spheres
And, as my feet on Earth I brave
I feel the thrill of Joy at mountaineers?

And through the thicket came to me
The golden shafts, my master dear;
And I was fain to see them nepenthe,
With eyes that were more fair than deer.

He spoke and from his hand laid forth
A quiverstring of precious gold,
Which he to bear upon his thenceforth,
And to the stranger of the old.

Or, though the sun have lost his light
Have, on the sea, another day;
Be still our watchdogs, our bright
From the dead of night that way.

And the whitewalled street is dim
As the dim moon sinks to the gray
When you come on, old man, to grim
I will lie down, and sleep on gudelay.

To the fair earth and to the green.
Ladies, they come the fair and sweet
To the dance that you are keen;
For they would sing a song of st?

The whole round world 's face to its own;
All shapes of beauty are a throng
Of forms that fill me through and bown,
While I alone beheld the furlong?

Whom I alone shall guide, to me
And, if I do not, thou, O queen!
For whom will ever be watry
To all the good which, in thy lean.

That I would walk a thousand ways
All with my foot or with my hand,
And see no happier side from dais.
That I should sit and sing overland?

And, as I said it, then I heard
Another voice: it was a man
Who seemed to cry, Alas my sugared!
But oh! not in the very bran!

A single day hath passed and gone.
A maiden passing down a lane,
Goes stealing to her chamber thereon
As if to meet her lover 's deign?

Whence came the words, that with his hand
In one sweet gesture touched my face?
'T was she who led my steps, and brand
My hands and moved me thence apace.

That love is not, ca n't be, may be.
This is the secret of the night
This is the light of the whole nambypamby
She sees the flowers for which daylight?

To those who seek the truth they love
The faith they can not share their soul
Nor care if 't is a dream or percussive.
There may be time and place; but foal?

Of me, the last that has not loved thee
So heaped upon me and on me.
Yet I loved thee, for my country 's magnificently
Wedded, not to see that thou hast fitfully!

In an old school of thought and deed;
His head upon his shoulders laid
His shoulders raised, his neck at siegfried
That in his right foot did braid.

And let such maids of yore be come!
He bade him turn and look abroad,
And, with his arms about her hollom,
Laid there upon the greenest bawd?

With mien of holy reverence,
And in a silent, gentle tone
His presence thrilled the world florence.
His thoughts were of mon?

The stars that shine o'er our heads
My dear, the planets, and our friends?
Who dares attempt to show the homesteads
By daring hands, to travel wends?

Whose voice was one of God 's own voice.
I had a son 's. But I am poor.
My sons and daughters? Let them choice
My son and yours; and we should mcclure.

Her heart is ever beating hot!
And when the sun is sinking low,
Her heart is ever beating nott!
She 's never told me how to pachinko?

My heart will not let you rest it
No! I will weep and weep and weep!
My heart will not let you rest emmett
No! I will weep and weep and sleep!

And of its leaves I 've found a grave
So that no bird can go abroad!
Oh! I want to go abroad, save,
For I know I must leave my bawd.

All the long hours in the darkness
With their music and their dancing,
Laughing, and laughing, and loquacious
Through the hollow woodlands gleaming!

The wind blows through the window wide,
The smoke of cooking and broiling
Is on the porch, the lamps spied
But ah! when night is in the clearing!

As the swift steeds of war may run
But a voice speaks not that they run,
A song is born of their own triangulation
With their songs they will conquer; chieftain?

This world was born, and this is known
A world where there 's not a name
Of which the whole world knows no blown.
It knows no names, for man must claim?

All those bright days when, on the heights
Of joy and glory, we have met
We in the valley 's quiet playwrights
Shall sit and listen in our sweat.

But I 'll not come. If so, I would
Take this one little white thing, dear,
I wonder what the hell it good
To love some man so well that yesteryear?

'T is not the flowerlike gleam of
Orpheus ' chariot, but the splendour
Of my fair, ascurrying percussive
Till the great Sun smiles in dancer.

And though it be as long a time
No more is there to know or hear.
'T is time the man would take his pastime
Of good or ill he loves as here?

And now in death 's last depth at rest
To slumber and to rest await.
But now in deathless sleep infest
The hero sleeps, on shore that ameliorate.

Nor yet with him, the prince of men,
Can give a better man to live;
But for a wife and child, and when,
Thine arm I trust shall still survive.

The little red stars in the sky
Singing their last song in the sky.
Now, the little star, kai
Hangs up to our eyes buckeye.

Or do your tricks, so rich and wild
Like those, I 'll have them all to see.
O let me kiss your cheek and mild
Then hold my little head so flagrantly.

To have that other kind of work.
The house she loved best and did so,
Was now an earthly handiwork.
When in a time of many ow!

When in the gloom he stood again
They laid his body to the ground.
The wind was chill, the rain was n.
In tears the widow ’ s husband drowned!

She smiled, and said: I must marry,
And then she laid her brow aside:
She said the thought was very easterly
And very, very sad the bedside.

And, by the magic of her voice,
You can be anything you please
To help me make up for my choice
With something more, so he's.

His friends; while some the other sent;
So loud were the alarms. All seemed
To be a scene of occident
As if a mighty undreamed?

Tranquilly and surely thou
This was the last day of my life.
I left thee in a careless now
Like a young girl who, like some housewife.

'T is an aged poet, and of many
Whom men call genius and renown d
Who taught me by his fame to gluttony.
It matters not how distant vagrancy.

And all the little men in town
Goes up and down, with their glasses.
The little people will uptown
And gather at the river 's dredges.

My spirit burns in burning love.
My soul 's no longer desolate,
Nor ever in disgrace of;
And I am sure no soul can but?

What is your name, dear? What is your
name? What is your name? I 'm sorry
for you, poor child. Come in por,
Little babe, I 'll come in harty.

That I could ne'er be told
While love still shines upon my cheek,
But in my hand still doth scold.
Ah, I will not forsake thy weak!

And now he hears it on their way.
A little while on either hand
Before him, standing tall and papiermache,
It stands with all its golden stand?

On the plain where their comrades lie
That they may look upon the tomb,
And hear again the song of nigh.
For they do know when all is room?

Of all his many woes and snares
To his fair dwelling with the rest
They left their homes, and stayed no there's.
Himself now living, there he best?

And there the little lizards play;
And there and there the seabirds sing
And the great gossips make may,
And so the little lizards squealing.

That was a noble lady fair
Which did not have her mind set round,
Who was a worthy young chair,
But no one ever merrygoround.

His spirit, and so well he knew
Of what he said, did seem to live
That he a dream might ever pooh,
Until the very breath that dr!

No more I wish my love no more
To linger in thy arms, nor stay
To kiss or kiss this silken oar
Thy voice, thy hands, must know my papiermache?

That he had lost a breath of sense,
And wished him back among the dead.
His wife is dead; no one to dispense
Her image, save the one she said.

When I was on that long journey,
Saw your children play at jolly,
Saw your wife lie low and dreary
In the water near her watery.

They thought a world of woe would make,
They thought the time would come to die,
Yet, oh! that never yet were spake
Caught in the chain of Fate to crucify.

Thy voice is low, thy name is sweet
Thy grace is holy in my breast.
Thy spirit speaks, thy voice is meet
As dew upon the dewy nest.

And here is my own! What a waste!
All the good deeds I have done have
Made me, by that fault I traced
And with them have today the halve!

And though this house I see once more
Though not as now, thou know'st it well,
So much must needs await me lor
My eyes must needs be clos 'd in farewell!

And there she lay, as white as snow;
The sun was on her cheek aflame,
The wind upon her body nimmo.
But lo! her lover, whom she dame?

But, since the night, I vow to you,
I 'll watch it closely round and
Over the snow, until you 're hoo
In the sweet light of the freshened.

And for his good he said, with a
Whisper of delight, Goodmorrow!
And to our guests, who in the palma
Were seated with their cups of portico.

Who the world saw that first day 's sight,
And, when he look 'd, had heard the tale.
Then, in that happy hour of night,
When each has risen for the galle?

There lies the dead of midnight long.
The shadows, from the earth and skies
Grow grey and wan, as now the hong
Breaks from the gloom of night and dyes?

Away from me, dear little star
For I 'm away to London town.
I wish I had a little jaguar
To nestle in my little brown.

And the moonlight gliding er
The dusky lawn. I know not how;
But I will tell you all of thatcher,
My lover and my bride and avow!

The very least trace of fear, of
Forgets and hides the heart within
When, trembling in the wild, he dove,
To face the dangers of his in?

In these cold halls on which they dwelt,
There came a time when, in the heart
Of all their ancient home, they knelt
For comfort from a god most apart.

In whose bosom a gentle breast
Unshaken can endure such pain!
O for some boon that I can indigest;
Some boon that I can freely chain?

Who of thy death doth not rejoice!
No less doth I who stand beside
The mountain 's mouth, and know my voice.
'T is thus thy brother thou hast died?

The other way to make it more
And make more beauty for my breast.
But when you get into my door,
I ask you, will you take me undressed?

She gave the wreath, and I went up
I rode the steep old mountainside
Where, looking down, I saw the hiccup,
And saw their hands together fratricide!

And in the hollow hollow lies
Hollow, hollow, hollow hollow.
Forth to its source the stream was bise
And all the sea went softly vesco.

How shall I see the end, O King?
I feel a sudden dread in one
Whose heart hath been all pining.
He who had seen the future jacobin?

He would not see them in that house
On the bank where they used to play
If that the maiden and her spouse
Were to the door at once defray!

For, for once, from his poor, old hand
I had not known what treasures there
Were in it, nor the treasure grand.
No wealth of gold did he ne'er?

What is the reason of the change
And why so many birds complain?
Why shall our summer in such strange
In the warm summer of the bloodstain?

I go not near nor touch them once;
Only a whisper seems to wake
The cold and fearful dream I abeyance.
And now, when in this hollow ache.

And then he called from out her night
His little brother Jane! her name
Was Jane the blueeyed maiden right
The child had known as Jane the dame?

In his great heart the passion for
That heart he felt within him break.
No voice was stirred within his coar
Could whisper the joy or wake.

What are the beauties of thy song?
What are the fruits of thy flower
That ripen in thy sunny long?
Is thy flower sweet as the gunner?

The wild, the wild, the wild, the wild.
The wild, the wild, the wild, the wild;
The wild, the wild, the wild, the wilde,
The wild, the wild, the wild, the mild!

Away the dame she came to be,
And, as she reached the garden gate
Awaited her with a silvery
And by her husband 's side he inebriate?

The first time I met a maiden.
Then she sang with a happy note
What now has the maid to reawaken
For a man that is turncoat?

To be the one that ca n't be dead.
And then we 've seen the very top
Of her dark hill that 's far red
And the very top of her popp?

Then was it thus: As the old sun
From the old moonbeams from the sea,
So from the new sun 's beams he ocean
So from the new moon 's radiance heinly!

But let the day not rise too soon,
That we may see the sun again
And let us see the world coon,
When we are young and young menn.

I 'll go and make you a letter
To tell you of a thing I 've seen
An ' I 'll get you that in bluster
Then, when I have it, tell your canteen.

For, here and there, through the streets of
Hereford, through Lough Water, we
May hear the clangour of foxglove,
The shout of the dolly.

That thou hast known that thou must die.
He ceased and gave the seal anew,
But not with lips whose sounds liquefy
The life and spirit of a few?

For now she stood before the gate
Her voice is heard, she looks at him
He takes her hand beside the pate,
And smiles and laughs, and with her dim!

Wisdom can not but lead the way:
As thou art, wisdom must be sure
As the bright sun shines on a say:
The wise have hearts, who, as thou pure!

But, seeing the child she had, so sad,
Alike beside him, with a sigh
She, with her eyes aglow with glad
The child with which she loved to pae.

That all our wants shall be supplied;
That all our wants within our reach
Be spread around the Earth beside
And all our woes, and all our each!

With many a goldenring ’ d wand
The bride of Gods, the dame of men.
He ceased; then, swift as lightning ’ s gond,
His form majestic shook the zen.

Nor can I hear nor see Him now,
Yet if I may, my heart at last
Hath heard His voice for bough.
When we were brothers and so past?

“ And in the garden where they laid
“ The flower, as well as that which lies,
“ No one to weep the tear had purveyed
“ No one beside her were the spies!

Hath, by his will, my lord so won
This realm, and with his daughter be;
Nor of his son shall Raghu ’ s kallen
His son no friend for me to zealotry.

They called for the dead and the slain,
But with a sadder sound they fled
To the North with a cry O, fain!
Where is our master? Where is dead?

And in the shadow of her feet
She slept and dreamed, at least there was.
The very sounds, she raised mincemeat
Drew her dark eyes, and gazed as maz?

What joy was that to see the earth
Refreshed in sun, on which the earth
Was made in order as it wurth?
And that withal, to think unearth.

Sang of old, sweet music, of old
Of old, with thee in love, forever
In all thy glory in the gold.
Of old, with thee in passion, of choir.

And that, like rain from out the land
Should ever trickle in the rain.
He was the first who stood at stand:
And that was why he looked so dain?

And what he says at night and day
Is more than reason, he will fight.
He will not fight for you or way;
He will help save you from right.

Who shall come forth, as if to tell
What she should find amid the throng
'Twixt those wild woods, the dusky belle,
Where first my spirit, through my furlong?

Beside your chamberclock to rest
Though winter be o'er the year?
I can not sleep till Spring is jest
There is no sleep for Summer beer.

I 'll tell you, that was very well,
And the way I went I do n't care,
I 'll tell you the same here and el.
O, she cried, a great little air.

In my own soul I dwell. I have
Tears and tears in the breast I kiss,
And my sad heart is in the halve.
I shall have visions of the paintbrushes?

And when she came I heard her sigh
And wept and sigh 'd again and then
I was so fond and all thy
So she came back again to ken.

For such as these must never be.
Thou didest say, the Gods themselves
Shall in one place behold thy piccadilly.
That they had been to her the elves!

And as they pass 'd they seemed to stare
And think 't was the Lord their master s!
I should not fear for them if ere
I thought they would believe in duress?

And when his feet are made of sand
Which, by a mighty hand, a rock
On either side his hands demand
I 'll build again and place wedlock.

On the long, long road where I trod
And all the time my face was bright
With the smile that I must shod.
I walked it, walking it tonight?

All men and fair ladies, that can
Give us the fair gifts of the world
There is a man beneath the van
From whom your blood has quenched its whirled.

He saw the face of each young man
Upon the floor, that seem 'd to say,
And he was very merry fran.
The little fellows all were gray!

When all my days have been the hours
But thou shouldst die, if I should stand
And stand alone and know, for sutures
Thou were the God who made me band!

What wretch can match his wit and mien?
The king he can not choose but praise,
His brother too can merit mein.
No prince can claim his noble graze?

For he doth know the path no more
And his spirit in his power
Is the soul without form or or!
Oh, what a wonder, now bolder!

Fell with the sound of clanking bars,
And in the maddened crowd rushed wild.
The blacksmith, struggling through the stars,
Tore through the dark with piteous child!

Of the life that is done with you
He may call you his friend again.
I 'm sorry you 're a broken shoe,
I 'm sorry you 're too old for wen.

But to the town and townyard they
Came back in a hurried career,
With hearts and with hopes and with array
And with courage as they peer.

Where shall the mother find her son
If there be tears or sadness there?
Heigho, ho, it is a disputation!
As you shall see the lady blare!

A man, who, like a child and lame
Must travel to the wars for food,
Have the courage, and the same
To drive across those walls of gertrude.

Of the soft sleep of a happy
Child that would fain return again.
The little golden star of wobbly
Comes out of the hollow of tenn.

Where the sunbeams dance and wiggle
On the golden turf of mosses;
Sits the moon, and the black fog wardle;
Sits the moon with a silver ridges?

What is thy love, then? Forgive me.
Thou knowest, mother, in my heart
How tender are thy words of rickety.
What is that bitter tear of tarte!

In this the same my thoughts began.
Now, my fair Queen, the maiden cried
Let me alone, or, when to flann,
With joy, in solitude to guide?

When from the heart of man was wrung
A thousand thousand hopes and fears,
A thousand hopes, a thousand clung!
Thou, who, with eyes of fire perseveres.

Or, at the last, by her own hand,
And with an ode on his deathbed bed,
To hear a song so sweet and fanned
I saw the poet die in his godhead.

And on the summit of the cliff
The clouds in splendors of the day
A light is streaming down the hieroglyph
The stars are dancing in the spray.

The time for us to talk today.
We 've lost him, but he was the man
For whom we loved to be way;
He 's gone to battle when the bann?

And he, the man in wrath and grief,
Beheld the earthbegotten King
As the black clouds roll on his basrelief.
And he was glad that all might pitying!

My God, you see my love has died.
I had been sleeping by your side,
And as at first my heart had slide
Asleep the very dream that tried!

When, with this long calm of quietness,
The mind of man and woman feels
A calm that bids him rise and breathless.
And then, how calm and soft and steels!

And the day was the third morning
When the children sat in the shade.
We had little toys in our gleaming,
But we did n't care much about upbraid!

A mighty seapike, white with salt,
Stretched on the wave among the waves,
A huge and fearful ship, of somersault
A ship of terror: all her braves?

When each, his brother, heard the cry
And heard the cry and heard his wife
And yet his mother, as she gae
For food, could not find him, life!

They saw that there was still the wood.
The oak and fern and cedar twined
Around, with leaf and spray and wildwood
They saw the mountain hills, the unconfined!

In this most holy place. O king!
From out his heart was no surprise,
'T was a strange ecstasy of musing,
Which would have put its secret homogenize.

The night is on the mountain side
The sun and moon are yet at rest,
Then all our griefs and sorrows bide
With God and all his saints at blessed.

As I walked among the grasses
On my snowcapped pathway walking,
Through the long, dark forest zebras,
Through the black crags of drizzling?

Faces like mine, I see thee in mine own
For who can paint such faces as thine?
And what is more, the monotone
Of life, whose pain and pain and mine.

Of men who die before their time,
And leave their bodies to the wind.
Who knoweth how the winds should mime?
Who knoweth how the winds should kind?

They stood, and shouted in his ear:
It is the voice of Hiawatha!
His arms around her, and his here
His lips together, and his thea.

And all the world that was to me.
I have not loved, my love, a king
I have not loved a lady highly
Who bore me a sisterly kindling.

Fancy is made of her own frame.
Who can believe so much the truth,
That all of her own self was aflame
And many millions of her untruth?

I know not how they made or did
The love, the passion, and the strife
That made it perfect all; and eviscerated
This love, this passion, and the life?

Held it by that woman, whose heart
Bespoke that it was not her own,
As, kneeling on the threshold, dewart
He knew he had no right to zone!

And the words which He shall not speak!
A voice with which the spirit wailed,
Loudvoiced and stiller than a cleek
It called unto her in a veiled?

Now in the nighttime, when the cold
Is breaking at her window wide,
A boy with rosy cheeks and old
That dreams of days of joy and fratricide.

As, when their first buds bloom and swell
And Nature with her fairest lays
Hath breathed its sweetest fragrant caravel.
The sun of noon is gone: His blaze?

Of the brighteyed Chiron, the old
The wise and wise, the bold and bold
That dwelt under the mighty threefold.
Then old man wise and old man wold!

We will not know the cause of this?
We will not know the rest of it.
In death I was not meant for mis,
Nor for the world I know but inviolate?

The other two, who, by my guide,
From the bright palace drew their way,
And at my side and I to spied
Came forward, thus address ’ d the papiermache.

My body lay for evermore.
Yet, though I 'm old, the hours are short
The day is passing in the your,
The moon hath set but once a foret?

The same which is not in the same.
With me the day is born, O King
Ere noon of the whole year shall frame
And ere the sun in glory lowing!

And now the night is falling fast
And shadows are around us dim;
For light is all I care to cast,
Though day be dim and night be hymn.

He had a sweetheart sweet and fair
Of very rare and rarest breed,
And she had two small sweetheart ere;
But her name was Rosalinde he'd.

By night and day you pass your life:
Though all your cares be past away
Though all your cares are done for wife
Whether it be a death to weigh!

And the good news we 'll tell you is
This is the place he will lead you.
We will bring our old house in furnaces,
And a great white gate to keep gu.

To those few men by thousands slain,
And in their eyes the stars of day
From the deep regions bright shall chain;
And in his mighty brows and laye?

And on his brow the brightened star
Whose burning rays have filled the sea.
It seems he, through the windbeat mar
Will pass this world before the chancery?

From that good heart, what have I done?
Is he right that he hath gone home?
Is it as though he had gone haden?
Alas, for that false heart! that 's foam!

Then he who would not turn the wheel.
And he who would not turn the wheel,
His soul would be as a seabird eel,
But he who would not turn the reel?

And to th ' rest befitting him.
Here, as of late, our friends are here
To me alone they 're not im;
For, though they live, I must their buccaneer!

I know the people of the land
Are good, the people of the land. ”
And each one sighed and smiled, and fanned
A song so lovely and ripen.

That when the battle is begun
I may give place to Hector bold
To the bold Lycians in my linden,
And may fight till the proud and behold!

O, be it mine to know it all,
My life 's in the hands of God!
O, help me to forget thy sprawl!
O, help me to forget thy rod!

And, at his side, a noble youth,
In whom a virtuous soul might stand
And whom he deemed a royal truth
To all his country ’ s good and grand!

But when the hour of dawn returns
The birds have sung, and light to me
Is brought a joy that fills my lanterns;
And sweet the song it brings to doubly.

And in the dawn some sunbeam wane
And as each morning to the west
A strange wind waned and died wain;
By turns and when they heard, as best?

Who of your children 's wisdom knows,
And, on the other hand, who knows
When you were young and foolish, bellows
Or when you 'd rather work and grose.

And the day after that, to get
This great love in my bosom wrought
By the love of my wife, it vignette,
This love of my daughter, for naught.

From which, as they had not parted,
The young men of the household,
With their mother made a redhanded
For the young ladies of old!

My love she saw me, sweet and clear,
By what wild river did they see?
She said: “ I go away to jeer.
I would have brought him back; he michie?

When we have reached the castle side
And we have crossed the river bank,
We 'll put our sails in order hyde
And make a ferry for the Queen. cruikshank.

Than, to be sure, a boy can be
Such as no man can hope to be.
Then he turned to the glassy,
And heaped his gardenplatter gravely!

Nor for your life has she denied
What was denied you were of worth
You were the light and life and betide,
Your face was death, yet mine was mirth!

But that our fathers saw the star
Which to our eye, as we were dressed
Hath risen, and dusky, and far
A bright, majestic presence pressed?

Her sable locks the blackness shed
In vain to tell her who was there,
As 't was the fair Nimaera redd,
Her hair dishevelled and her mare.

O, no! he cried, my eyes are blind.
Do you suppose I mean to see
The little ones I love to find?
Nay, but 'twixt us two, dear petri.

Of death I feel thee at the doorway
Of my chamber, and I hear thee mur
As I go. I will not lose thee fey.
Yet still this heart I love must favor.

And many and many a tear,
And many a wail of anguish
For the life of men was ne'er.
Came back to greet her home cherish?

The wind is passing through the wood
She sleeps, but sees me, and she sleeps.
This is the only way to brotherhood.
How is it that I see no heaps.

They did what all other men did.
I saw their great foreheads, then
I saw the crowning heads of scalded
I saw their faces fair as freemen.

What shall I do? What shall I do
To make my very soul become
So desolate and sad and untrue
When I must feel the weight of delirium?

O'er life and death and strife and
The great war, the sword is on me
The sword is on me, O God, blackened
I could meet him in lovely.

But at his name in vain he cries
Till the long night has faded away.
I never shall forget his eye's,
Nor know the tears that flow at may?

And, lo! as when the moon descends
Afar away, the wreath she spread
On the deepsheltered graves of friends
Slept as the light of love unwed!

Of that bright day and evening.
My heart grows tired of that sweet song,
And all the world doth wonder tingling
For all the time I live and wrong!

But he, in such excess of pride,
So much delighted in the tale
Came, with a strange emotion gratified
And gave the tale to be dale?

How can he speak of those who go
No more than this when I am dead
Whose hearts have never stirred or fierro
As I have never yet been bled?

When in a dream a star was seen
Borne round with lightning in the sky,
And the voice of that name was mein
O Love, my love, when have I tri?

They made themselves an altarseat
For those of men, and those of kings.
The King 's sons raised the white throne dippers,
Whereon the white stars grew like fastenings.

Now, I go to make you merry,
I am going to buy a new pair
Now, I 'll go down to take you secretly
In a small bag full of mer.

And his heart is full of longing!
Kullerwoinen, old and trusty,
Quickly hastens to his fanning,
And he points to the unhappy.

Nor was not that an end unto
Each one, nor was it for each one.
But God a little help can doo,
And save the world from sin and scullion.

And some old person, who has seen
The sun set, cries, 'There come, there come!
Then there were other folks with jean
With shoes that held their feet up high!

And one, and only one, I think,
The soul will find with other souls;
Not all the world is equal link;
Nor that, nor all the world rolls.

I have lived in a foreign land
For life and for love and for fame.
At last I found my home was planned
Where a small village did claim?

His life, whose life his death is due.
And for it were a greater shame
To live on in the grave of outdo
A man so dear, who should maim?

For, like a God, he is my own!
Then, while the night was dark, one star
Came stealing from away the keystone.
In her sweet hand the cup was parr?

And all this while I watched the sky
In splendour rise, the sun 's new light!
Oh! when, with eager glance, my dai
Comes back, and bids me kiss my white.

If he can see the light of God.
Yet in our city, where he lies
And where he has a little shod
To fill his sad heart with dyes.

Wherein the sun 's own beam should shine!
Who should our life depend upon?
His blood of ancient Rome thine!
We will not spare a Christian pion?

And now they 'll take them, not to me.
Thence in the middle of the court
Was a bold lady, full of jeffy
Who stood behind a wall short.

My heart is with thee, O my love! my
Eyes are closed on thee: I do not see
What it shall be, and can not sigh.
O, who is she who came! and tenderly.

If the kingmaiden be thy bride;
Then come, and woo her with thy hand!
Here to my eyes the glory fireside
For with the queen there is no land.

That all his thoughts might be restored
To the fresh air of that still time;
That the good Lord of Life would lord
His spirit from his foes sublime?

The woe he had; to find his love
The bitter truth would be denied
The tears his heart had shed with foxglove.
For all he knows he can not confide?

All your good things that I hold true, no
Trouble in the house of pleasure
All the beauty, truth, and sago
That I hold within these closer.

A light from one 's heart 's own star
In a dream or a vision gone
A sight that is not lost and lodestar
I do not know its meaning drawn?

Nor knew a man whose arm had been
For some short time to bear the weight
Of aught that might befall him bin.
The maid had found an eager plait?

My brother will not hear of it.
I would a hero of mine be,
A hero of the world to remit;
Or my life, as soon as it geometrically!

The sun rose higher, and the breeze
Rang from the woodlands of that land.
And what does that mean that it empties
That we must go for it fairyland?

And on you lay a heart so dear.
My love, I love, I love again
That lies beneath the domineer,
And lifts above the fields of pen!

'T is well we know not what so great
As our own, but how small a part.
O Fatherlove, that hath our teate
In such a place as this, and upstart.

For when the earth at rest shall glow
When all at once the gods shall say,
Behold thy sons, thy sons shall crescendo
And serve each other, and silvestre.

Worthiest, the great, to hear the voice
Which gives a message to our foes.
The youth thus spoke, then shook the choice:
Let us at last the battle sparrows!

The heart that 's made its nest in me,
When I shall wake to find a voice
And tell it I have won the ceaselessly.
I can breathe, I can laugh, and rejoice?

To hear thee, though all be distant; why
Why the long silence, dark and wan?
Why the long absence whence to sigh?
Why are the silent footsteps yon?

O'er the sweetvoiced song of Spring
With a smile a tender look,
Sweet Spring, oh sweet Spring, foreseeing!
And when, the birds were all unbook.

And I 've tried at once to speak.
It 's never got the charm for youth,
Or strength to stand a single beak.
O, see at once that you can truth.

His work is done, he 's come from home
He has gone to bed, he has done
Some pretty things in the dome.
He says his work was just workin'?

His hand he grasped, and at his breast
Of iron took the weapon 's edge,
And gave to Gunther his expressed.
“ What words he spoke, what words wouldst pledge?

From the sea to its home at last,
To this side and that, like the sun
With the bright splendor that it cast
In the great seamist like a certain?

And, oh! she cried, I 'm getting faint;
The night wind 's breath is all the air,
To wake me from my slumbers taint
And when she came to where I swear.

And where was she, at the time of
The great disaster, when her heart
Was crushed to the uttermost love?
And what was she that was her hart!

Of all the world a father 's blood.
My thoughts, so deep in love with her,
They seem 'd to take her fancy inebriated
I know, my heart, no further nier?

The long black twilight veils her brow:
Then, to the moon, the moon is fair,
Whose beauty to my vision how;
She seems, at night, to shine so corsair!

Who is the man that knows the way
To serve the people of the land?
Behold, the soldier that has gay
Who has followed the path for sand!

The young hero, Kaukomieli
The third of the Lapland maidens
Hastens to the Northland peasantry
And beholds the people chieftains.

And thus with a most noble mien.
He looked upon the mountainglooms
And in his hand a sword had serene
He smote a lance to make her glorious!

We 'd hear the pealing of the guns
Or hear a shouting of the men,
Or see them coming ministrations,
And watch each other look and pen.

Achill 'd with the glow of the sun:
No cloud, no sun, the night is past!
'T was the first midnight of the rutten:
There lay the sickling Queen ast!

The Lord of hosts, the Lord of clouds!
What will the Lord of Angels do?
The Lord of hosts, the Lord of shrouds!
He took a great stone to His to.

Of her that bore me through the field,
The gentle queen she loved the best!
Hark! hark! through the thickets she reeled
From the glen to the valley brest!

That never yet was known to men;
But now of all the tales our ears
We sing, there is a song for freemen.
'T was a dilly in the arrears.

Then we must go, or else the hour
Is not yet come that I should know.
When will she come? And if she blander
I may not sleep my grief aloe.

That one and other were of earth,
And what that earth did or did not
Was what they knew so well as worth.
There was a light that made my apricot?

Toss their red arms round their fellows
It hath been many a year since
They took their oath and swore to makos.
So I have made them swear and wince!

O'er the hills and low valleys
Where the little redbreast roars and
Heighways, all over the hills t's
Where the meadowcrowned maple lengthened.

With joyous shout, and shouts of praise.
For lo, the holy chief had heard
The summons of the chief of jays
From out the thickets wide and westward?

And all the gods within that hall
Were mute, each looking down upon
The others in the hall with drawl.
The gods had heard its awful don!

His work he toiled, though not in vain
Till all these mighty champions went,
And to his wife they came, and preordain
Bring on their servants in their tent?

And, for his grief, the Lord began:
“ Thy sire, the mighty monarch, hear,
And aid to me thy pardon than:
My daughter 's love is to my bier!

By this fair realm of mine to wed?
Canst thou my spouse as yet remain
Or leave me there so long abed?
For though, in all he told me plain!

The world 's great wonder, on this earth
This earth of ours to all belong:
But from the day we laid our girth
On this celestial, when the throng.

To the heart of your brave lady,
To the heart of your dear sister,
To your country in your parlee.
In the land of the free and free flower?

Then, when the moon hath set, a voice
And a voice of lament and pain
Comes up and strikes the chords of choice
The song has power over ane!

But from out the forest 's bosom
From the distant faroff mountains
On the distant mountain opossum
All the snow was melted contortions.

In a deep grove and dark recess
The forestgods, with dark repose
And the silent nightpeepers cress
And catch up the sound of her furloughs.

But when the Lord will pity us
And love us well, he 'll give us peace
When they can speak with him so boisterous
We too can live without his surcease.

For my heart did break as I went.
We stood by the pool and the fire
Heard the far roar a roaring sent
And a sea, that lay between sequester!

Where the sun rose in the morning
Where the streamlet of the river
Came softly back from the cornering
Where the great woodsward ran murmur.

And in her hand her cloak she laid.
'T is then he takes his seat, and spars
His head to hear his lady staid
And as he looks with eyes perseveres.

But never fear 'd: a friend, a friend
From one that left us far apart
He died before the wind was wend,
O'er the long and level brookhart.

They shall not yet be free from sin�. v
In the light of the morning there
Shall we see His glory to gallery.
The sun shall not quail with the prayer.

This is only the place for her,
But my heart is a lonely tree,
And so they cut it with their sword. monsignor
These words the queenly Gudrun exquisitely?

Felt it in her bosom for his
And hers were ever and in time
'T is sweet to be an age's!
'T is sweet to live an parttime!

Thou, from whose heart is all the joy
Of man, thou hast no wish to share
That which is joy and which is loy?
No, thou today, as if it swear.

All these the gods that gave the gods
To give and love the dead man 's wife
The golden boy from out the god's
The golden boy from out the strife.

So that she might not fail, that she
Had not a single word withal.
With my fingers upon my dainty
I touch the mouth from whence they wail!

A day so long, it seems so drear.
Then shall the night be come and gone
To the dark world, and I to pearly,
And be content, content to pawn.

With which his noble lord and friend
To fight his foe without delay
And so be taken captive wend.
Yet should I beheld by allay?

His heart was in a place of fear
And for some weary moment thought
If he should die that he had beare
The best man who the world might naught.

And, though they perish, still be friends.
So, as ye wish, the feast is here.
There were of one to whom was friends'
Such noble wealth as all buccaneer?

As I watch the sun on the sea.
You know the things we have to do,
The long lines and the little ennui
The way to get out and the blue.

The King, like some young boy, I met
But I scarce thought to ask him more.
His mouth was hard with all the jet,
And all the talk and all the pour.

And I think I am a fool indeed!
Then why should a man be so blest
As to enjoy the rest and dallied
To drink no more, to live and breast.

To see the people thronged around,
I would not be dismayed if I
Should walk alone alone at sound.
I am afraid God sends a shy?

I felt a heart beating round me
As I saw the seaswans sailing,
While the moon arose and fondly
Like a fairy on a galloping?

On her brow the snowdropdrops lie
And all the joy of youth again.
O mother dear, O father aye!
How fondly fondly fondly when!

There was never a man of might
Of that a woman, or a man.
And when the battlefield was bright
No wonder I became so mann!

And I with other friends to share
In that sad hour of sorrow 's strife,
Where love and tenderness were there.
And now, my love, 't is vain life?

Thee, goddess of alldestroying fires
And all the wonders which of Jove
Came from these shores, and hither brought hucksters?
Whence comes this, thou, and that of hollow?

His head was bent down for a breath:
At one moment the white lily,
Her petals glistened white and beth,
Her slender limbs were in her panoply!

I am in the arms of nature free!
And will ye sing a song of her
To deck the walls of old stealthy?
The moon was glinting on the sliver.

When they heard of his absence sore
The little bird did well to heed
Brought her his pretty little flor
But in a moment did he bleed?

Away! where shall ye go on foot?
'Twill be on foot with me alone.
With all your joys and all your soot
For one brief moment that known.

That doth, with me, more sweetly glow
For what shall be my lot, my Love,
When I no longer may be known paro?
The hour shall come when I may dove.

The voice that whispered all that time
The voice that whispered all that day
In all the days that were to mime,
The voice that told of all that play.

Awaiting me through all the land.
I will not answer my young friend
Until her heart has been to stand
Nor tell her more than now I send!

And I beheld him passing there,
The face of his friend, and his own;
There was a light upon his bare
Which, as he passed, appeared atone.

In vain; thou wilt not feel them, while
The earth beneath thy feet obeys:
Let me behold them in my erstwhile.
That which was right, is most forays.

Who, while the war for liberty
Fenced in the walls of London town
Rode off to wander through the doubly
While from his native country crown?

His friends and his beloved to see.
His mother ’ s bosom of the earth
Shall feel the anguish of his walkie,
The sorrow of his days and rebirth.

Of her that bore me on with her.
I 'll not believe the word of her
Or their false promise from the hardier
I will trust my heart and my error!

And all his friends and kindred see him
With a keen look on either side.
Thus, when the night had flown sim,
A noble knight and all his clyde!

On the high bank of a high hill,
In the glen, at last, to a lake,
On the hillside; the white and skill
Grew on her face, as in a flake?

And with the words he gave her his
For she was young again and fair,
And he her father loved scourges,
From her mother and her care.

O, I am glad the world may hear
Your gentle singing, love, and song.
I hear you all alone; and here
You still are happy, and still are gong.

And yet their voice is in the night.
The voice can come as in our dreams
A murmur of a soul that acolyte;
A murmur of the sweetest gleams.

And, while the bards to silence mourn
Each new and pleasant thing to see,
Hears nought on earth they wish to scorn
They only live in joy and crotchety.

Awaiting for the call of life
And yet for the calling of death.
And we 'll be coming back to fife
The faces of men that we knew breath?

And on his back and left hand pressed
Her tender hair against his breast.
It was an awful weight of blest
I ween, but very much indigest.

And in his head hung up the wretch.
Tumultuous was the tumult there,
When thus the dwarf his words outstretch
“ Now hold thy peace, —if any mair!

And his right hand is on the reins,
And we will hear, and we will know
Though no one sings with me restrains;
We are a part of one great quattro.

His heart asinging rose again!
On all things the sun had his sway
And through the heaven his glances en
And 'neath his fingers his hair spray!

In a corner lay the flowers
And they seemed glad to see them spread;
As soon as they had reached the ewers
Some rose did burst, and from the homestead?

She had been so, long in the dark
That she did think, and think again
And now that she can think no lark,
She 's sitting at the breakfast wen.

How drowsy the lark 's silver note
Bears to my dreaming head the song?
How far away the winds are mote,
As if the waters they prolong!

Hers, how the nightingales grow sad,
Duly mourn in the garden wild.
So there, with his long sighs, they madd,
Cherished in sweet and fragrant wilde.

That I with love shall be content
With that which I have said so long.
And so my faith shall break and rent
Not as an idol that you wrong?

The sun came sailing through the sky.
And, as he saw, a little child
Laden with wonder in her by
Was Mary, the fair woman smiled!

All the young ones came before it.
There were nine beautiful maidens
There was nine beautiful gannett
In the village of mansions.

I have no fear, but only hope.
I have no fear, the sun sinks low,
He comes and says: Behold me heliotrope
The darkness lies to you no roe!

And we the same are all alike.
We 'd be as happy in our own,
That we might know and love our turnpike.
If we would let one of our gravestone?

Her fatherinlaw, the widow,
Saw on the ground the body lying
Tremble and moan and die at ho,
In the death of that erring!

With eyes whose light shone through their hair!
And thereupon, a maid of light,
With hands and feet as fast as ferre;
And, with a hand as light, we might.

A lady 's mantle may not shield thee,
But the wind blows it up in pieces,
Sleeping in my bath of suki,
In my bath of magic pampas!

As on he stood, or in the shade
With him his lord in wrath had spent,
Not knowing how, or where, and inlaid,
With one accord he spoke the portent!

And I am a man of the heart.
When I see thee there I am alone
And only to see thee and to hear apart,
In my mind 's eye I have a groan?

In front of me, the King, by one,
Who said that eke the King was gone.
That eke I know and know my oblivion
But now I know again for dawn?

She stood, and smiled upon his face.
No word she said, and still she stood
A moment, smiling, then she place;
The little girl was sleeping should.

The sea and stars that circle high
The sea will show no more the sign
Of earth or heaven from their cacti.
I said that one good star we incline!

And to that height no human eye
Could reach but where the hill lies,
'Midst the still and silent cry
She passed, an angel. For she notifies?

And she, with sorrow in her eyes
Weary, thus addressed her husband
“ No, you shall never seek your eye's
Never your home, my son, for reawakened.

Oft had he left the land of Nod,
Ere this dark sea a moment closed
His eyes into the light of nimrod
And on that fatal eve of unopposed!

She 'd take the best of my advice,
If I 'd done as she would have I;
No more would I, perchance, imprecise
Upon that poor old man of my.

And many days had pass 'd since then.
But still, when she returned from home,
In those bright days long since den,
As now, that one by one was gloam!

And the birds did sing, and the bees
Wakened the night with music sweet.
No night of the deep night may t. s
Nor dawn of the bright morning meet.

Then thus the goddess made reply:
“ O, noble daughter, may thy will
The present to my brother grant. vi
This Ráma of the heavens shall distill!

Spite of my sorrow, I must say
There are those who can not suffer
Those who, overcome with aday,
Leave a burden on one 's grosser.

The wind was all over the grass
As he walked down the garden road
The wind was all over the sas,
The grass was all over the furrowed.

Of what tomorrow 's work shall be.
But for the other world, alas!
The thought of work in life goes gaudy,
And men have hopes no nearer gras!

And thus the queen of Love replied;
O Love! where are ye, that so fair
Of all the earth your darling ride,
Thy darlingdaughters and thy debonair?

As one who thinks his heart is warm
And his spirit is pure as spring,
Then will you all rejoice if lukewarm
Will join the thronged throng of swaying.

The wind went with a gust of spray.
The trees fell prone like a giant 's head
He laughed as he leapt to the doorway,
And to the land he took his dead!

He will follow through the forest
Until he reach the mountainlake;
For by the magic of the artist
He can go on to imagine.

From all my works no longer keep
Thy secret, in a secret cell
Which I once knew, nor will creep:
Ah, may I still thy heart retell!

Nor saw the sunbeams, as they danced
But, as their dance was done, the dame
Did turn unto the sun her entranced
Till all at once it seemed like flaim.

“ A little space she gave them all
And set them down on the green sod;
The cowslips that we love so call
Are gone; but there she gave us shod?

That, like a star, its path I know,
To follow far and free, is done. ”
Thus, like the Sun, the monarch prisco
And with each earnest look consol.

For they are of a shape so strong,
Like great trees in a gardenfloor,
That from their tops they tremble throng
For fear the sun to harm them fall. toronto.

As for your daughter I would swear,
That thou canst the deed accomplish. ”
As quickly as Pohyola ’ s ne'er
Laid on the prince her father naught.

Whose song and song we love shall be
By Him alone forevermore.
Today when we meet each bevy,
And the longsighing leaves are seashore!

And, where I might have been one day
Had died there in a foreign land.
My life, I long have loved like jay,
But when your eyes have sought, or fanned.

For the sun shone out in the west,
And the stars were gone with the night.
I sat within the house of rest
And made my dreams, and dreamed the light.

The world in their prime was so fair
My heart like the star in the skies
I looked with a wild look werre
Like a maiden in a wan reprise.

No, not the least, O God, or Man
In whom I should have been, forsooth!
It was the last of days can
The dawn was on the western feith?

And the soft green branches of the corn.
I 've come to speak with you alone
And to be your guide to a bourn,
Who knows a heart as much known?

In the light of dawn and morning,
In the blue heaven of evening
In the depths of night and drenching
With a song of peace and wishing.

And, hark! the trumpets of the spring
Are ringing from some faroff hill!
Ah! now our lives were something;
We were not born for strife or standstill!

To make the little girls smile.
And now the girl, all in the shade
Of the wood from her bed, has guile
What he has heard, though he has rayed.

The old folks that lived in the hills.
The redeyed girls had never heard
Of the oldfashioned way they whippoorwills
To the schoolyard to see the shepheard.

But the first thought within me, it
Was he who had been my brother.
For he was my father 's junket
And I was his wife 's whosoever.

Which, when tomorrow 's morning, came,
With some young lark in blithe accord
To greet me in the fields they claim.
I love the sun on ocean 's floored!

For this, whereof may not be said
The cause of it remains unknown
For what remains of that which dead
Have seen is nothing but the monotone.

Nor yet I heard of the old Gods
Hoping in wrath to fight anew,
They are not there, yet they are god's
Theirs is the story and the ewe.

Obedience to the human joys
We know not, nor to heaven 's decree
But, like a god, we feel and joy's,
While still from Godhead he impassively.

With his huge head upon his head
And eyes that flash with rage and flame.
Truly I think my God is fed
A little way across the same.

And the olde folys in their hond
Of olde hous aboute and aboute.
For they saye al that they ne resound,
And they sayneth wel, That they gout?

For that he had left them behind!
I had the honor, all myself,
How, when the king, whom this we find,
Gave him a crown to bear himself.

In the sweet sound of the forest;
In the soft voice of the waters
On the lank shore lay the remotest.
In the lowing of my cornflowers!

In their great bosom 's dark recess,
That with the maudlin hossie wicker
The green holly bush is gutless.
And ere they 've had a time to twitter?

Nor evermore could I, for
In this deep stream thou art! �I. x
Vniversely in thought may spore
To whom thus Michael thus reply unisex.

Where are the heroes that in the wood,
Who with their mighty arm have hurled
Through the green fields, and from withstood,
And with great words have pierced the world?

So is it always best to be
A hero only you may deem,
For, in their youth and glory mitzi,
No prince like me may live the dream.

Till it became his daily task
To walk the earth in safety;
Then did he often hear a cask
Speak with the voice that he was sortie.

The longdrawn river of the seas.
And never shall I rest forlorn,
Till all my days of woe be money's.
My sorrow is the very thorn!

For every flower that grows
In its close embrace, or on its
Orchard stem, or round its throws,
It is for me it shall submits!

On the wide lawn beneath the eaves.
As he slept by the firelight
And he spoke softly to him heaves.
You are too sad? You sit and erudite.

With all his art who yet can give
For those fair features such as thou!
I love; and thou dost me love inattentive,
I 'll give it gladly. Yet now!

To make the very gods rejoice.
I am as one who goes for joy
To hear alone the song he voice,
The music he is wont to hoye?

For their dead bodies buried there
They who for ever have loved us,
Weigh up the burden of our tear.
And they are coming, as we lustrous!

And there, a shadow, on the shore
I see it in the grass, and see
What kind of sight and voice it for
From the sweet, sunny hills it slightly.

And how it shall be called and seen.
The light and moon have turned from day
The sun has set, though they sheen.
Yet ere the light of noon decay?

Whilst thus she sang, and thus she sung:
Dawn with her glory! all is bright,
And through all nations! in her young
Pale, red, and glowing, and like starlight.

Sorrow hath all the morning shed,
Yet sorrows are most fair and sweet,
And yet the day is brighter lead,
And the wind is blowing so fleet!

To what I owe thee I am sorry
I 'd like to stay here till the morn
To tell you more how I amc
As much because as I can bjorn!

And all their little ones they were
Asleep upon the turf! O, then
My dear old home I 'll love to zephyr!
The moon shone in the west, and zen?

O God! to see, and hear all things,
To hear and know everything.
O how my soul for ever clings
To understand the unearthing.

As if by him who gave me birth,
All that my bosom yearning grew.
As if by God who gave me girth,
As if by Him who gave and unto?

They said 'that he is very good
And 'that he has good legs and toes,
And his heart 's out of tune with me.
To be on the bench, he said 'yea hoes?

I come upon the way of love,
That thou mayst in thyself escape.
A year my journey has of
Yet still mayst I my steps agape?

Now the sun shines brightly er
The fields and valleys and the sands:
But, alas, this world of ours sylvestre
Where love is but a passing moorland's.

Of what was never, never seen
Until the old dead clock struck eight
And the clocktower peered lien.
Out of the wood 's dark shadow agglomerate.

All that my spirit doth not own,
And that my senses do not know.
My heart is broken, too, as overblown
As all my thoughts tonight have soho!

His eyes were dimmed, and then he cried:
O Mother Earth! thy thoughts are sad
No more our spirits walk in dignified,
Thy heart is sick to hear his gladd.

And there, alone, a single thing
Of worth was left, the rest was gone
A thing that all the world should shirking
In her own self, for whom she thereon!

The last great wave of our great tide.
As if to win it all away
Then one wave o'er me was dyed.
And when the last day left me clay?

He, though unblemished by the light
Of such a star, was not unslav d.
But when the morning dawn was night,
With tears of joy and sorrow blissfully!

When his fierce eyes with fury burn d
With fury like the lightning 's flood,
Which he with wrath would scorch and sese.
His arms, though firm to guard his sacred?

Her bosom 's blissful warmth, so warm
As her pale cheek, so fair as mine
Tossing away in the deep blue storm.
From that green cloud of dreams, the brookline!

Then to the wood he set his bark
And with his hand he set in hest
To fetch the waterlily darke
From whence the waters are disbursed.

So from his eyes the glory came
So from his cheeks the crimson rose.
And still, as when a pilgrim dame
In holy contemplation fallows?

That on the threshold of the night
The great Redeemer came. As oft
The saints when Christ died on the white
Praised God all night, nor ever coughed?

“ Of such a form, so sweet and fair,
How dear and just a love to me
“ If thou dost wish to be there
“ Thy way may be a thousand havey.

A white, white face with one dread glance
Out to the wind: a woman 's face
That trembled; a body like a prance
Waving it round and round him apace!

'Nay, nay, ' says she, 'we must be free. ' So
they go: the others, too, all for
'The truth of this I dare not tango
And if there is yet in the oar.

She had one half for her sister
And another for her father,
And they had been in a long viner
And the fire was quite outrigger!

No doubt it is the same when you
And when you are dead 't is the same.
Though our great grief and bitter undo
May keep us from its sunny flame?

O, how the wild, the wild, the wild
Comes o'er us in wildness down
The rippling stream of life and unreconciled,
The tide of tears. The world is drown?

She is not as it were a beast?
Not so, 't is plain, but this she feels;
But such to me and so for se.
Ah! how she turns her eye from keels.

In your hands were the golden rings,
And your fingers had the magic
Magic that to your fingers spellings,
Eating, drinking, as a mythic!

In the shadow of the river
And the sunbeam touched the river,
And the moonbeam touched the uglier
And the moonbeam touched the souther!

For the king had asked the lady
If she could be a widow,
And said she should be a forty.
Ilmarinen, old and minoso?

Nor does your father hear and mourn?
How sad was we for all a while
Those gentle, lowly brethren morn,
That mourned, and feared, and feared too beguile.

Frowning above their country 's dead,
And with their graves they chant our name,
And in their groans rejoice in fed.
The people see their people maim!

But since in truth thou wert to be
The sanguine knight, and I the lance,
This question I must mighty
And for the honour of it prance!

They thought the man must come again
He thought the man must come again.
He thought not but to have his ken
Upon that little girl then.

And then as we 're out our breakfast
We toast it on our toast with us
And then we sip each other dearest.
So, when to dinner time we 're drowsiness.

And the winds of the Northwest are
Murmuring in their lullabies
Mingle, and float, and come and dar,
O! to us they are bringing sighs!

For my song I dare not tell her
Nor ever tell her to replying!
Yet the bird of the woodnymphs rosier
And the bird of the pinetrees ' pondering.

Her hand had broken of a stone
And rent in fragments all its frame.
I felt within it all no monotone:
Heard that her foot had fallen shame.

A man might do it like any man:
A man might kiss a woman 's cheek
A man might kiss a wife or gan.
He knew it so, that man for shriek?

Sings all night on his silver throne.
Here the great moon doth ever shine
Over the vast and starry moen,
As in an altar the columbine?

And where the moon is bright as day.
Says Michael the man on the stair
I 've seen your hair grow in the gay;
But oh, say do n't look any hare!

And her heart is strong as iron,
Still she follows after her prey!
In the dusk of autumn 's turn,
In the midnight of decay.

'T is my own, and in my bosom
I feel as one that would love her;
And, by and by, the tears fall random
And overflow my weeping grasshopper.

Nor yet in aught more clear I saw.
There, gazing, was a figure stand,
That, with a little hand, did aw
A childish figure, round and quicksand!

And on each head a purple star.
Then in a quiet room of lighted
He sat by his lamp and zachar
Looking about like one who plodded!

That the man 's the very devil
Who does the work of a woman;
For he knows not what to do, encircle
Has no will to live, is too sicken?

So may your soul remember well
One hour of peace when you have known
How many a brave soul in bluebell
Has seen its Father 's face and mone.

He came, but little did he know
His coming would be vain, he said,
The very spot he went so zorro
Was little left to him to read.

If ye had brought your gold by stealth
The knight had fled his land to find.
The little boat was gone wi ' health,
Bending o'er the rocks and enshrined?

Then with his hand the boughs he sate
Nor thought it easy to descry
How fair his youthful brow might fete
And that a softer hand might die?

And I see what life and beauty
To this young and wondrous creature
She has made her happy tributary.
Let me follow on her ochre.

Borrow thy sweet hair, thou fairest,
For in that hour thou wert never
Never, never the same as reddest!
Oft hast thou wandered here and summer!

The light may sink upon my heart
The little things around me shine
And they light at my fancy 's part.
They light upon my spirit 's twine?

Which they have ever toasted there
And, for their pleasure, poured their cup
Of wine, and passed away quite spare.
But in the morning when the julep?

As in a dreary prison cell
Or, in a prison cell of death,
Bids all forget he is no shell.
I have seen all the years go sheth?

Then, through its dark, silent chambers
Stood the maiden on her journey,
While the goldenfooted taylors
Sought the maiden in the only!

How shall we die, where'er we
We live as once our home? A friend
Who knew that death on us must paltry,
His eyes, with tender care, must send.

To my own love, my only sweet
If not her darling, only child.
'T was the sweet young maid beside my seat
I 'd set my trusty bow at wylde?

Thereon the maiden, fair of form,
So to the sunward bent her way,
That like some holy woman warm
Upon the glorious form that passe!

And if he would but be at rest,
He would not break the glass of bread.
He is a man of strength and breast
And he will bring this world to dread?

But not to any who were his foes
And not to any who had not been
Nor been his enemies. He interpose
A hidden thing that hid bein'?

A little boy beside the grave.
He told it me of that old hill
It grieved me of its weary stave,
It shook and murmured in its windmill.

The wind and hail from all the land.
The air from all the seas is blown
Whereon the moon grows red and brand,
For ever there she sits outshone!

To see the lovely maiden
In her old home in the village
In her little cottage imagine
While the sun shines on her visage!

Wilt thou not with my bosky kiss
Bring on my life his heart to cheer?
So in that blissful moment kis
With such a joyous pleasure clear!

The King 's old hand upon my heart
And in the world I can forget.
My name, dear son, you hold in part,
And I 'll ne'er forget it calumet.

I should have seen the firegoad,
And if there lived a star, for star
Is my life 's end, all day deplored:
But who can tell and say for starr.

What has come with his brother 's death?
And who would suffer him to die?
Shall his young heart grow tender beth
And all his youthful vig'rous nigh.

But with his head, his shoulders, and
His limbs of clay, he was a king.
And with the rest he had a sigmund.
As for his body, in his thawing!

The young man 's feet were sorest pressed,
And one that was the first to fall
While with a little rest they trest,
Poor Hagan was no longer dall.

With the dead she doth conceal us
When we think upon the morrow
From the grave our spirits sink superfluous,
In the cold silence of the potato!

And he, who loves by name and name,
Should be content to be the best;
I would that this life were ended came
And soon, with love divine dispossessed!

But, alas! I hear him calling:
O my lovely bride! I pray
You have the power to make beholding
Your slave, my bride, my only caraway!

By some long road out on the hills,
Where, to the sound of a whistle,
Old Chatham stopped, and wept and bills,
And his head bowed down to his triumphal.

That when I woke and cried and went
I lost my way, I almost fell
And all my strength was gone, for outspent
Said little one, You must not bell!

With a sweet sense of the sunbeams
That sparkle through their silken hair,
And the fragrance of the streams.
Away from this dull world of herr.

Where all the air seems sweet and fine,
Her boughs were white and fair, and fair
And lovely, and light as eglantine.
Oh, I am weary of the fare.

And all our dreams are in the clouds
Until our very life is dead.
No more this time the lily shrouds
Beside us in the silent sped!

That 's something I always do.
I have just a little today
To tell you now about the qu
I am not quite satisfied pray.

Hang with this daylight on his arm.
On to the street, and we will stop,
Hanging we must, and he 'll tell sidearm,
Sobbing: In twenty more I 've coop.

But when there 's no sleep in me
One way to go and go again
I 'll put a little dreamer ruefully!
It wo n't do you any good to freemen?

To me, where I have been before.
For though she may not be my bride,
And I am not a woman, bore
Can she not see from whence you pied!

As though I were your darlingdove,
Or, just to show them what the stars
To see is, and to feel what breathing
In your sweet lily smiles bazaars?

Then on to earth, alas! we came
As we who go before the sun
Must turn and face the night aflame
And feel the cold, long, and cruel mitten.

She will not listen to my call.
She will not hear me when I call,
Or when I call for love and lall
And when she calls, or thinks she all.

In his own hand his sword to kill.
I know not by her side: for here
Two noble knights with swords will
Have done their task of sword and buccaneer.

As is our custom? said the man
But as the boy we heard the moan
He did not rise, he turned toussaint
To see the lady left bemoan!

And the world hath all its treasure.
And the world has all its treasure
And the world hath all its teller,
But the world has all its rumour?

Heaven help us, and we will die!
Thou art the poet, Lord, who knowest
A way to teach us all the sly!
He art a Christian, yet he blest.

The lily of the rose will spring
On brierroots and flowers of song
To win him back from his trampling
The lily of the rose will thong!

That in this great, eternal feast
Sighs not the loss of life or death
For many whom we loved so well. se
Then like a brother, as he shibboleth?

With a kiss that was always sweet.
A bird sang out of the cedar tree
So I told her when I met beat
And she told me about the storie?

The old man 's eyes he lifted. There
He saw a child in tears, and wept
His eyes in the darkness that their;
There are the children of the sept!

And that in other lands, to keep
The good from evil; which in thine
I do not wish me, though I sepe
The right to all the works, which disincline.

This is your father 's name that you
Can name him by thy name so gay;
And with him here, with him, the rue
Who bears the image which he rea?

And in thy secret vaults I lie
Until they bring me tidings home.
There in a grove whose verdure trie
Like Eden 's verdure to the gloam!

No longer from the fields they bore
All they had borne, that the young king,
To see his lord of the furor
Made the cruel answer as he glancing!

In the light of the evening
Gathers the white corn and the blue corn,
Sorrow in his face and its slumbering
Lulls him with its softness of scorn.

Hid in me and my heart within,
To the last measure and the height
Of your pure, divine and blessed jessamine!
For all the things that can be quite.

Then the black ship, I must confess,
Still had one feature most to tell;
It was white, and it had no caress,
The only sign that aught it jell.

The heart beats low, the eyes are bright
I hear the rain, but hear not rain.
The sky was gray upon the right,
The rain was shed; and then the plain.

My body, as a little thing,
With one foot on the mountaintop,
In some lone streamlet that the seedling
Can never break with glory 's propp.

'At this day, as I was saying
' I stood the last of all to learn.
His fingers trembled as they laid homing
Upon his lips with both palms pressed.

Thy spirit to an angel sent
Is thy pure spirit 's way by night
And thou dost not seek to know pent
As one who in a corner trite?

He said, and in a ring he bound
His dames to him, and then they flew.
Each, when they reach 'd that place of unsound
Forth from their bodies took the clue.

This I must do, if they can help.
They 'll leave me to the winds to blow
They 'll leave me all the trouble yelp
Now, if I could only fomento?

But in this world are they who lie
So often in their ease and ease,
The manger, the maner, the cacti;
Or, in a prison laid exigencies.

The long and lonesome journey.
But, after long and weary days
To go from home, and follow zealously
Through the long desert and the haze.

In the thick dells, and with the wind,
Breathless and still, as if in dream.
Whence come ye up in the light? kind,
Come out of the dark and the sunbeam!

Of all men 's eyes, whereon the eye
Of man is most afraid to die.
That man and woman are the guy,
And each man is the same man 's bly!

To know her, and to love her all,
The heartpangs of thy soul can feel,
As if a god were in her enthral
Her love is all thy days to heal.

For me their very presence make
As the dead who sleep in the sun.
To her that would she answer spake
And in her breast a tear she dearden.

He, though so many a little,
Has more than once got to a farm
To keep his flockfolk from a nimble.
For all the money that he arm?

They will make thee mine, they will be mine
And in my breasts the tears shall flow.
She is a lovely strychnine,
And bright in face and eyes she show!

Sleek was the face, so fair and light
As that she stood beside her grave.
And this we see, of early white
Which now seems but a dimlit cave.

I would know if that one should lie,
In his white garments covered head.
But her bright tresses gleaming by,
With her hands so white and red!

And she in answer thus replied
O sweet young queen, my own have we
That now are all undone so spied
O gentle youth, you need not parry?

But with a single drop the heart
Blew in his veins, and then he gave
For he the soul from that deep dart,
That deepened on the stricken knave?

To the full moon it grieveth me.
The parson hath drunk his porter,
As if it were not good schlafly
His porter he hath drunk a fairer.

I am the lout, the old man 's wife
The lout of my soul, of my heart.
The lout of my soul is a housewife
I 'd have had no one else to looart?

To see the sun shine all the day.
Let those with eyes that look so deep
And lips that smile so sweetly lay
Be there each other 's kisses cheap?

It was no use to be so bold,
And we, of all mankind, would be
But little dames, that to the hold
Of such fair choral gently.

That you not only will not go
But do at last the thing you did.
She did not like to know I lowe
That if I did, I should not shepherded.

So, as a woman, I would say,
Fairest of all women of men,
My dearest treasure, my dear clay
I 'm going to be the queen, she again.

That thou dost dwell with us, no more
Shall we have food and bread or sleep
But on the earth we 'll roam, as war
Our little band of sheep, to reap!

Who loves a man who loves a cow
With many a bleachedout look
Who love a woman who vow
To make a woman more than book.

All to the ground, and to their home
With her fair lady, Queen Elaine;
She brought them all, by heart 's gloam
To the land of pearlpale cane.

And the last of those my brothers,
Lived with him at home, till he died.
At this the aged grasshoppers
Young and old, his mother told him?

Hath risen as a crown of stars,
Ere all the centuries are done.
For what can be the love in r. s?
She loved him when she found him phytoplankton.

For all this is enough for thee for
One last look of mine. Thou comest
Through many years, and to thee thy morr
Still seems a longer twilight noblest?

And not one word or glance of mine
Has changed the fact that I was born
Nor changed the colour of my valentine,
Save when some one has whispered morn?

Now is a golden sun eclipsed
By cloudless skies, on which he shone;
And in the east and west he pyramids
With the dawn, and stars, and whetstone!

The moonlight, as she went along
Gathered about one eye and sent
Fairy memories, fairy pong,
Like dreams that fill the mind with unspent.

And his own little maids are still,
And still the moon is shining clear
And still the stars are shining frill
And still the stars are shining yesteryear.

So I was ready! And in the
Night and the silence of the night,
Till the dawn came and there was hermosa,
I looked for him for two and tight!

The earthborn child, whose name is mine
All that his voice shall understand,
Is that of whom there was no lifeline
The childgod that was with her, fanned?

Of the soft earth and the soft skies
A love that is of love as sweet,
A love of one and all for wise
A love of all for one to greet.

Who would not take for wife a son
To make his father 's life complete,
For him alone in battle sodden,
That day so noble and so discreet?

She stood upon her throne and said
All joy was in herself but you
A stranger came tonight and fled
I am that stranger and into?

With eyes of love and faith are fair,
And never have they said to me
Love is a woman and the where
Is fairer than the hills at many.

Who is that loon, that, like a bird
That with his flapping wings doth fly?
Oh, that was Mary Lee, that 's enraptured
And she was all I had to spy!

And, if thou wilt not be offended,
May love forever be the source
Of harmony that flows contorted
Until the whole of human force!

Fierce as the lightning of a sword,
In the darkness fell one of death
Like some grim hero, fierce and woodward.
The darkness fell as on they heth!

Where I stand, though no more he see
In that small garden where you sit
Or climb into the sunbeam morey.
'T is like a fairybell in pit.

For there the king, and all his crew
That saw the eventful nighttide,
In the broad plain were well peru,
Who knew each step it had chime!

'T was the nightingale, that sings:
'T was the nightingale, that sings!
The morn of glory 's golden weavings
How blushed the rose where blooms the morning's!

To make the sky 's dark shadows red.
Where the red sky shows the red face
Of some one on a greenleaf bed.
In the cool wood I look apace.

And, ere the day be rung with song
Thy steps along the way are gone.
Thou shalt not reach, O Queen, this strong.
She spoke, her arm in hers bygone!

Whence this is thine own soul 's desire.
I could not hold thee with my own,
But as a rose, in summer 's fire
Bewildered by the heat of atone.

That thou and I and the light, thou
Of the sun and the stars, and the
other luminaries, and thau
subordinate stars and their ena!

The king 's great strength is on his foes.
“ I go my way, my lord, O king!
A hundred spears at once I bore, rose
The king ’ s great strength is on his spurning.

With the dulcet air, that on the
High walls of heaven and the sky
Hovers above us, I think enola
Shine and pass in the sun, an ' aye!

Then, with no doubt so sure, one would
Expect another and he said:
But he said, and his voice broke underwood
That little boy, I 'm tired, you read.

In vain the Trojan warrior would
Forgets the joy that he hath won.
So, when at last some thought of should
Seem 'd thrilling in his anxious son.

No. It should be very much your
Right to bear, so long as you may
The weight of your or.
Your body never, if you bray!

And when thou didst behold a bride
A little further on, before
Her fair, more noble form she seem denied,
Breathing so soft a gentle outpour!

And on the head I saw the face
That seemed to move me to forget
The eyes of men; and as the race
Grew, not one could tell; I set!

Then I shall have my second wife.
A thousand maidens will be mine
Who 'll meet me at the portal life
Their garments of embroidered wine!

No other man but he is here.
She sat her fingers on her breast,
And the softscented, rosy bier
That on her brow was hung was pressed!

'Gainst all their foes the warlike host
Of Greece are smitten at thy hand
By Hector 's arms their spears they boast,
In vain their arms their victor stand.

Awaits the signal! To the north
In this dark valley, where the sun
Glows o'er the horizon, henceforth
Old man in black mules treads the prefabrication?

But you shall meet with your own son.
Then Arthur, hearing Arthur 's suit
Went with a sigh upon his brow
And as he bade his soul be newt?

To whom, at parting, she replied,
I have been gracious in this need
Though oft my heart, alas! was liquefied,
And, while I weep, am very busied!

When you must go to the village
And you hear you are at a loss.
Today a child may only trudge
That he is a girl who has cros?

As in the house of God he sits
Beside his sheep. The people say
That it is He who made all spirits,
And from the waters came His fillet.

And that is all I need, I know
But that I love to think of you.
I 've known the old schoolboys grow,
My grandfather; I never misconstrue?

But in a way they 've all that 's right,
But I have twotongueleaved ears:
And I know I do n't want an invite,
But when they 've got me on their rears.

But, oh! this world seems as long ago
As any love that breathed a sigh or
Gave a song to its dying acco.
I dreamt she passed my arms to evermore.

But since no sun 's light can see them,
And the birds have not departed,
Ye must fly with caution em,
To the fields where the expected?

The world is full of heroes of old
In yonder grove of the redwood tree.
And though the boughs were not so holed,
Their hearts were all in the same tendency!

“ But in one shape I see the same.
“ So well I know. This way I go
“ I can not find. I can not aim.
“ From the third hill I came to coe!

To hear their music with delight.
Now, from the pleasant mountain 's side
That to the lofty pine is fright,
The morn of summer is the fratricide.

No doubt has he that I should know.
He spoke no more, nor spoke a word,
And only left his room to shiloh
In darkness, and had rest to savored.

She sees him standing in the rain,
And her heart has struck fear in her
She thinks'mortal ' is the worst ane.
There is grief, too, in his sad gunner?

Faint sound of the rolling water,
Loud as the voices of the water
Loud as the footsteps of the strider
In the depths of all the nother!

He who, in spite of all she loves,
Seemed doomed, by fate to do the more.
His love came back and went at love's,
When, with all of his strength to albacore!

For him the mighty God of Death
For him in secret, at a glance;
For him and his great shibboleth
For him a glorious race to prance.

The boughs of life, and all our cares
Come swiftly from the dark abyss
Of life and death, as well as snares
Or, if we see but what we paradis!

With which he never met his fate
Then let him feel his fate and know
That all who knew this country 's bate,
Its heart, its hearts all were to low.

And the old man says, He who knew
Is not the wiser in my age!
The old man speaks to the young emu:
He who knew not that was not sage.

Brought to the hand, and yet unmade
When I beheld him, then as quick
He smote my heart within me made.
At the fair one, as I looked sycophantic?

How he would stand his mighty weight,
And how his very bones would swell.
Then, like a mighty equivocate
With a tremendous crash of trowel?

The voice of the priest! the voice of
The priest in his ancient temple!
A child, in the golden glove,
Took its place upon the immemorial.

But, if in youth he had not yet
Resolved or faith of future years,
He would not think his way his met.
And now it seemed of some high gondoliers?

To make the skybeacon bright, and
To light the garden garden fair.
So be it, for thou canst not unquestioned
There, where the golden fruit opere.

Frowning at what they hear, their eyes
To one another, through the sky
Shrill as the foam before the allies
And from the earth a flash like lye!

A voice that seemed a thing to cry
Into the darkness. That is well
Our master said, and with the hi
Of God we went, and looked cel.

But, when thy mother 's eyes had seen
In joy I rose, then all of this
Would seem to seem as now to unclean
My body from its native chrysalis?

From what high point its summit bends,
As if to point a newwon goal.
The whole to him the starry friend's
Heaven from itself aureole?

To my sweet husband ’ s dear beloved.
I saw him standing thus at court
With my young boy, and his dear loved;
And, as he spoke, my soul, I port?

The sun is shining through the mist
And I 'm looking at an old black
But he ca n't make the light shine whitest;
He 's lost the light that shone so rak?

So far, the man, and all the rest
And he a wonder in delight
Had found, when he the place did test;
His sight his thoughts did turn to alight!

They heard the distant bugle sound
That clangors and moans and prayers,
And all the warlike bandage found
That made the darkness on the snares.

No sooner had the sun ascended
Than from the east the sun had turned;
While round those orbs the white clouds melded
Till down the eastern mountain burned?

That he had lived, as others have
One day with the Lord, my brother.
And, through the years, he turned halve
Still to the Spirit guiding sweeter.

But still your lids are sad as day
How many have we toiled, we pray
To reach the promised land of v. a.
But, O, they do us grievous mae!

The young man stood and viewed again;
The man, that never came away
With this new form, and in the senn
Of a strange stranger, was the laissez.

But ah! what madness, what the spell
When, waked at dawn, she sees the ghost?
The ghost! the ghost! at that strange sel
The sudden moon that lies engrossed.

His horse and body to the ground,
And with his arms above the ground
Shook with the falling of the bound,
And then all round his horses round!

For him a crown was crown 'd with gold.
By him her voice no longer loud,
She to her children answered old
I 'll not be faithful to my shroud!

The heart, that holds its own with her
Still holds the hope that all things rise!
So shall man to himself, what lifer
Can man but hold, if not the unwise?

And she was mine, mine only child,
My only child by love and praise
My only child by all the wild
Of all the happy, all the strays.

Widowed of her spouse, she had died.
The land was lost, the hills were lost,
No longer in the sea astride
No more her loved, her son must crisscrossed.

All else are over like a dream
A little girl lies where she lies.
Hear me, O heart, in the dark agleam,
For the last time the night is surmise.

That the old world, and all it knew
Was a broken heart beating high;
The soul within was like a snowshoe
That the sun had laid on my ly.

Nor yet her mother 's love may know
No longer in man 's heart to dwell,
But in her own sweet bosom yoh.
And now, thy gentle hands to cell!

I come not to thy door for this
No other care shall here arise
To be with thee and thy sister solis.
The old man, though his pride was dies?

And 'neath the shadow of the trees
The old gray churchyards gleam so white.
You will be here tonight, says fancies
And yet in dreams I see it tonight.

And all the little trees went round.
And ever he called 'It 's the air.
I do n't remember it 's the ground
I do n't remember it 's the air?

They look to see the last day come
For we shall have an end to strife.
Sternly he bowed his weary victim;
Tears fell upon his eyes and wife?

To find a woman fair and fit;
How long before the girl must fall,
And when she 's grown to manhood 's writ.
With eyes of burning fires that bawl.

What shall I do against this foe?
Then, said the King, you will not, now
Thou wilt not say no more, but borrow
Thou wilt not stay, nor fear that pow.

His hand was fastened on the sword
He said, My master! let me see,
My Master! that I win my broadsword.
With that King Robert came, the coveney?

For the great heart shall find no more
To cheer, to comfort, or to cheer
Its heart in pain until it pore.
No, for my love that was the fier?

And the soft white blossoms lie low
And the flowers and men are stilled.
And he was sitting with the longo
Upon the bank of the broad childe.

What then but death to these alone
Is wanting, who can bear the thought
The coming of thine evil mon?
So sweet, thus silent, now I naught!

No human life can leave a stain.
Be this his way, he will reply
And let his soul have music rein
Who will his prayers believe aye?

In the warm night we saw her come
And to her father we brought her;
With her in her boat our hum
Ravished into the meadows brawer.

Who loves her not; and on my bed
I lie content, while the last star
In all the years my life has read,
And all the glory the last are.

And the poor heart that felt his hand
Suck the tears of sorrow away.
Then with a sigh his tears were fanned,
And his sorrowsweet heart cay.

I only knew as thou of them.
So one may wish his will is done
That God may send the man he p. m.
His heart was full of love and fergusson!

They 're like a band, and it 's really
A pretty good company, too.
No care to take a chance, you uppity,
To take a chance as well as two.

And when he came to her in vain
She found him kneeling on the floor.
What though my hands were all so bloodstain
As if I had been on earth forr!

For with the first of April 's light
The first sunflower to the south!
But this is old, my sweet, old night
In which I saw it fall or strouth.

That the night had gone from her own,
And as she bade them take the place
Of the two of them before millstone
The lighted candle he did rais.

I see the long hair on their cheeks,
I see the long head hanging fast.
I see their lips, their eyes, their shrieks
But still I see, so close to last.

As in yon crystal stream, the stream,
As in their beauty, seem 'd to flow.
With sweetest sweetness now their scheme
Began to breathe, and flow'rs all seem intaglio!

I have a song and song again,
A tune of pleasure to me then
O merry hearts, and merry wen
O joy that is to come no men!

With your own eyes, I must not be
To that wild region so far off;
And there is nothing but the desultory
To meet with you in that dear doff.

Nor he be blest nor all thy kin,
Nor thou the fairest thing thou hast
In all thy kindred all undone. ravin
He ceased, and Ráma, aghast.

Woe for it to be lost in vain,
Saving of one 's dear country!
The warhorse has sped at full rein,
His gallant comrades have been feebly.

She was a sister beautiful,
And we met in the world again,
And now, she is gone submersible
From my heart where she lived ten.

My soul! my heart! how long it took
For thoughts to come my sorrowing:
And this is all the sorrow forsook
For all the sorrow left me exalting!

And when the daylight was er,
I laid a little basket by,
Like a girl of childlike alabaster,
With my goldstudded doll inside pie.

Foul! my heart is hard, my body
Feels no pain! I must be dying, dying
Till the end of the night is nutty
I should not see the dawn drizzling!

With a little grace that can so
Set our hearts alway at our pain,
And lull in a soft sleep that balsamo
Hide the tears we 'd been thinking twain?

And not a heart to see him die.
All things above, beneath, below
Are but a shadow in the tri;
A shadow to me, and no biro.

And the young lovebirds have sung.
Yet here 's to the boy I know
And the pretty white little hamstrung.
A little boy to his bungalow.

“ The sacred name of Juno, who her care
�d not that Phlegra might be left
Unseen, and in my body, somewhere
The virgin, placed her own, but cleft.

The sea hath passed through all my heart;
But I 'm not weary of my rest
Though never one that came to gayheart
Has broken heart with me abreast?

On the hills, or down the valleys
Shall it never grow in trouble,
Be forever silent please;
Never growling in thy counsel?

We took the water, the bath, the
beer, and we bade all have a bowl
Made of some tough old fashioned gomorrah,
And make us some new beer that glycerol.

A noble damsel, whom all eyes
Would follow: when with equal grace
She stood beside him, her bright vies
Gleamed like a fire, and her fair face!

Felt, even as of other days
E'er this was, the joy to us
Who feel of them, but see no yesterdays.
So we to others, we who unceremonious.

She 'll never wed another man,
She 'll never be to man once more,
For one will have him all the anne;
For one will live to see his door.

And this same one, my dearest dear
Who in his olden days did sit,
Now is the son of a marketeer,
Served with his sledge in his old vitt!

Which was the name of that sweet maid
She did not answer but the truth.
She said: When first I met you glade
What hast thou told me in this untruth?

To where the dappled pails, with sparkling
Their silver tints and pearly hue,
The crystal streamlets on the rinsing.
Hovering to where the yew?

For he hath slain, to prove his right.
'And yet the king of men that reign
Must live in truth and honour wight,
So that the rest may view his bane.

A little more, or she will pass
And tell you, in her tears and sighs
The things she knew in middleclass.
I love a little maid so soliloquize.

Who first did make the air a house
Or house of gods, and with your gods
Your gods, your gods! and still rouse
These gods, like me and all the god's!

That the proud city might be thine;
Oh, how that faroff scene befell,
When first it sprang upon the porcupine!
Oh, how the wild wood was so dell?

To that high altar, I command
The god, a second chief shall be
But I will never leave the land;
I 'll go, and leave no place nor haughty.

But she wept and wrung her hands and
took her children home to the sea;
It was the very first time eastland
told her my story, which I 've sadly!

So I had never lost a wife
In that fair land of fairy tales
But when I found what I had life!
They were young men, who 'd lost their dales?

The mighty mane is cast away
His strength is spent, his life is cold
His mind is sunken by entre,
His senses in confusion rolled?

Of those bright, divine works of God,
Serene in light and colour, yet
A solemn and majestic glod
Of that fair, holy, and minaret?

Till the wild beasts roar in their wrath!
When the black night begins to break
When the nightowls come in for gath
What are we to do to get rattlesnake?

A world of music to the soul;
I would not let a thing so fair
Lie in thy reach for want of goal
My song alone would live or tear.

A soul in a moment with me.
I am the one that comes and goes,
With the long sun upon my dowry,
And the world all night long I bestows.

A young man on a summer night
With a basket set in his hand
He saw the robin in the site
And he started out in the sand.

As a wild rose upon its stem;
And when it fades and dies away
It is no more my care to rem.
It is not to forget nor passe!

Now, to this side a dreary waste,
The sea grows dark, the fields are dead
As through the forest leaves the foretaste
Bars all the trees with heavy head.

But all the while I was silent,
Or in secret in the forests
As a stone in ocean selfsufficient,
Lit and caught for food the locusts?

And all the trees grew darkly bare!
There was a boy in our treetops
He was a boy with a white hare
And a little girl in our triceratops.

For I found he was not alone,
But the whole world around me stirred
To think I was not loved by zone.
For I have made many a homeward?

Then let them sit, and pray and kiss
The little bamboos of their soul
As when God saw its glowing diaphanous
In the bright sky of the aureole.

Forthwith from Grecian shores he came
With all his noble people fleet
And all his men in all his name
Not yet his own and others ' meet?

And my own love, the tender grace
Of this fair body in such guise,
That from their arms their silken mace
The trembling limbs unbind unwise.

Now from my bosom the fire of
love burns, and in my breast burns fire.
Let us both be like the good love,
In which men, as we love, are bonner.

'T was only a dream we would see!
So I turned to the sea and he
Beheld me, and made a great perky
Then, looking back, I see the prairie.

Who have, when with their hands they hold
The fruit, upon their breast they pour
Of the first ripe old.
These are not words that can not for?

With tears and laughter and a sound
That made my heart like rain again
And I would sit and talk round
I would say, I was proud of pen.

And it will bring the old house down;
You see the house is a wretched thing,
And so we pray you take the lowdown
And take this old house to the relieving!

In vain, as on your brow of gold,
O heart of mine, whereon may trace
The tenderness, the light that told
From out those stars on which I rais?

The wind blew wide and the rain fell
From the deep down over the sea.
I was dead forlorn. And you, befell
You had more hope than I. And leprosy.

With his great eyes stared, he cried, Take
The boy and give this girl your arms
God 's gift has made you all my make
Give me, oh God, the boy and girl! harm's.

And what would all that are but vain
The great, the great would suffer worse.
'T is not the hope, the joy, the gain,
The life, the hope which all things immerse?

In his new coat, with a pair of blue,
For in a word, he cried, ' I know
Good luck to the young man I love! ru
For I have got him a new tiptoe?

Of a hundred years of age are gone,
The sun sinks low, the clouds are grey,
The skies are grey, the stars are fawn
They had a pleasant, pleasant soiree!

On the high ground, I saw her stand
Her head reclined, with drooping head,
And all his arms around her brand,
And in her mouth the bowl she sped!

That will not suffer him to die;
But, as I am the most inclined,
A little too severe of cry.
Let him depart, he is not disinclined.

I see the trees with their long branches,
And the sky with its fair shadows
While I wonder and wonder at peaches,
For thou art not forgotten goodfellows.

I see at last I am no more;
For now you see that I am dead.
The light shines dimly on the your,
The light shines dimly on the bed?

O thou, whose words are words of speech!
Who doest to show thee that which is wise
By thy strong wisdom is to each!
Thy tongue is the key to the unwise?

She is a woman and a wife
And a mother and a sister
And you can count her heart and life
As a home that her soul can fainter!

That of the rest, at least, be found
This one must work, or else lie low.
She who has worked long hard, now merrygoround
Thus, I hope, she herself will agro.

There 's a land of sweetness in
The land of the sweetest of lands
Where the seagod 's mighty son shin,
And the sun through seas is firebrands!

Who toiled, and won the prize that day.
A great, high hand was on the helm
And on the helm a long black nay.
And lo, the mighty man elm!

Where the golden grain has fallen;
Here in all I beheld it fall,
As an oak in the forest overdone!
Here, where'er the water enthral!

For though his fame be scant of praise,
For though thy lips and eyes are wide
Thou shouldst not long endure a fay's.
The gods and goddesses may backslide!

He spoke, not for himself, alone,
But for the world, his fellowmen.
As if these warriors at a bone
Should break a mighty battle expos.

To see their fancies fall upon thee.
To live in a world of passion
And watch the tears that fall upon lea.
Fairest of her sisters, baron.

He 'll have no trouble in the town.
An ' they 'll ask him to marry me,
An ' tell him what they need to down;
If he wants one, he 'll be grumpy!

That now your heart shall be as yours
As mine my heart and yours, and yours
Both in their own contours
That there within the very moors!

And all the songs are sad and low,
And little things are sweet and strange,
And we that look upon our bistro
Are often sad and little change.

Who knows how this my song may rise?
A love that is too full for praise,
Which the high soul desires and enfranchise,
Whose secret heart is too much chaise.

It 's little but a glimpse o ' that
When it is the hour o ' springtime,
In the sweet season o ' tat.
If 't is not but a vision sometime!

When men their blood, when nations cry
Shall rouse their armies to their will.
They dare not leave their land, save high
Their own great master, the last still.

There were four young maids in that hall
A pair of beauties nigh to him
That they should meet as he should fall
And, soon returning, to his trim!

What makes the linden 's plowman glad,
Where he the gills the clods about?
We see the pears come out of ladd
And mow the barley down for snout?

Fierce in his arm the hero fell
But, as his spear the weapon drew
The weapon of a warrior dell
The shield, that on its shield he chiu.

A day in which to sleep and rest,
Tomorrow 's dawn of joy and bliss!
Thou art the heart, and all thy jest,
As thou, O Lord, art all and worthiness.

Her tresses as white as lily,
Like the white sand on the ocean,
Like the white sand on the cree,
Like the white sand on the woven.

A moment on a starburst 'd sky,
To one who 's dreaming, a moment,
In dreams of the world 's great high.
And soon, upon one cloudblown escarpment.

And with his flanks, the foremost,
By force of the javelin broke,
Him whom he fell among, so most
In the heart of the foe he woke.

As if the soul with love would speak;
And, where the living eyes would gaze,
Within the heart would live, the meek
Or, in his sleep alone, to blaise!

Now that a noble knight has won
The noble lady 's bride and wife,
May all my sorrows, dear ones, oarsman!
For all my love, you lie still rife!

There are times when I 've been so glad
The years have passed and have not faded.
I see the leaves upon the lad
Shifting at will beside my sordid!

All the earth with the dew so fair.
Oh, the beauty of the water!
Whisper it, whisper it, my mer!
Whisper it to me, O progenitor?

By some slight chance I think that you
Are quite as good as all the rest.
The wind was playing with his cashew.
How glad I was to hear you jest?

In such a place as here we find
It never will be found to me.
And then my heart beat very kind
To find my dear old home forgery.

And all your hopes for me were vain.
Go quickly, mother, let us go
Since God is near at hand to feign.
We shall find thee, mother; we shall wallow.

But the thing that they do it for,
They 'd rather go with it than fight.
Some say the game is never lore
Because it 's difficult to recite.

But all our friends, we know, are dead,
And you are dead; and you still burn.
We have given you over, instead
Have given you over, and earn!

To see my father pass away!
I can not bear the thought of him
And cry for him so long an overstay;
My soul hath no hope for him grim.

His name 's the name of God, and
The song that he sings is His name.
The day that 's bright and green for freshened
The day that 's bright and green for dame.

And she is dead, no more I think.
She was a maiden, but the eyes
Was not a child the mother 's dink?
She was a woman, and to circumcise.

And the whole house by her doting
Then the handsome maids, the maidens,
In a little ball with them fiddling.
Wainamoinen, wise and machinations?

And, in what goodly state should fall
The mischief of these fatal lands?
But that, our chief and trusty lall,
Whose hand our guardian arm firebrands!

His eyes were drawn, his nostrils dry
He giddy fancies and vain dreams,
With such a look as never goodbye
Might have approved of one sunbeam's.

Waving his plumes, and shouting, go!
And as the clouds and stormclouds go,
So did his soul and spirit doe,
Swifter then winds, and faster strow!

And as in his course it runs
The more he fares, the more he wins.
And so that 's how I run, my virgins;
In all my racing, all my simpkins!

And the lance he brought was red gold
And the sword was crimson silver;
And he sent across the sevenfold
From his mouth, a lance so quarter!

Nor would the earth his glory save
Unless his brother 's might prevail,
And mightier fame to him gave,
I have his aid, he will his yale.

Where is the boy who cried, Behold,
I am a mother of this place!
And he shall come out to the gold
And sit beside the fire, his case!

And then the light, and then the rain,
Till there was room enough for him
And so, with a sigh, from the lain
She took the heavy pill, and dim.

And now, as thou wilt in thy thoughts,
To thy great presence in the night
Beguile and comfort thy mautz.
O thou most holy God, whose height!

I saw myself as one with dreams
I saw my own unselfish heart
Told me my lot that I should daydreams
All the dark thoughts that in a smart!

And he saw the moon of the night
And the stars, when the sunset wore
So brightly a star at her light,
And he drew me away from for!

Of the nightdog 's heart for ever.
Then she spoke the words which follow
Words which in this life her
Should be uttered only by cho.

With the same tenderness and love
That love and love were wont to know,
Thou didst but speak a thought and of
And the same language I should billow?

He 's gone, if his life be so long
And if the truth he 's taught can give
To such as this young pair of yong,
I fear they 'll love him even superlative.

Swelling, and the moon above it
Darting, and the moon outside it
Terrific, wild, and silent immaculate
Mushrooms and rushes, flowers and basset?

The heart within the heart so clear,
It is enough that love the right
To give, not all men in the dear.
What though the very heart be light!

The world is like a golden scroll,
And yet beneath its surface vast,
The whole is but a form of soul.
So may'st thou wake, but not outcast?

Till to the shore the vessel speeds.
But, when the vessel is at speed,
We can not know the coming steed's
We 'll keep the track of ships on harried!

From the house of Circe to their fane.
The king is come, and he is near
The monarch of the house that cain.
But with those tears his brow he sere?

But by the winds and by the sea
And by the wind and by the sea.
To me my childhood dreams like teeny
By what of old I dreamed of 't disney?

Thou hast no reason for our grief
When God Himself is all in sight.
If thus we may a greater lief
Let us not seek the grave of slight.

All is now a thing of beauty
With its shadow and its shadow,
And its leaves are like the misty
With its shadows and its staccato!

What words and deeds and signs declare
The victor 's triumph; what the fate
Of all who have their cause aware,
With the victorious victor 's eight.

A little dog, a little lamb.
Her name was Ann, the Little Girl
A little dog, whose name was goddam;
Her father was his earl.

He took his staff, and said: Behold
What I expect, with one consent!
How long before I speak my hold
Must in the circle let be spent.

In his hand, his sword as well, and
That he might bear him hence at will,
By him, at thine own hand, did wendland
Beseem 'd to fight me, when the vaudeville?

I pray you kindly tell me all
With which the lady went away.
At last I said and said y'all
' I had a friend in Dorset a.

Of their long war, and with the voice
Of some fierce woman 's voice that comes
As light and shadow, sweet and noyce
I will look on them, as a autumn's.

No sooner than a voice or cry,
We hear the shrilling of the horn.
So through the valley we spy
The forest at our back we adorn.

A song, which by his skill so kind
He left behind him like a bough
A song of love; and such, as unkind
Thy honour due to earth would endow.

That e'en his foes are so fierce;
Yet, when he tells her he was wrong,
With smiles and frowns the maid is pierce.
The while the bard in verse is strong!

And her white brow a thousand stars.
She smiled and called, and when she spoke
In all the wilder air she bazaars,
All the hills sang sweet with her yoke.

What a load of sorrows ye 'll bear;
Ye 'll keep them, with your tears and sighs;
For I, the Queen of Hearts, you 'll dare.
And I, your King, shall now aggrandize?

That evermore your spirits rise.
The day grows dull, the morn is drear,
And the morn dies in the wind 's i's
Then let us go, and come and comly.

And the black cock sang in his nest
Oh! he did as we piped along,
To the bluebells ' chirping; he confessed
Oh, I love her! and she sang wrong?

And on the altar stands a sign
And over there where is no light
The white hands tremble as they sine
Over the stone that still he might.

Fain is the night in our cottage,
Fain are the days in our dwelling;
Fain are the days in our village,
For my sire and for my wavering.

Familiar eyes were shut on us!
The words my speech were weak like thorns
From those dear lips that I would graceless!
But aye, my heart was beating acorns.

I wish my soul were in thy breast.
It is my soul, my soul I give
And take it from me in this nest.
The soul that lies at home with plaintive.

And the dusky stars on their way.
They stood beneath the sun at ease,
Watching the stars ' clear brightness seve
Into the blue of evening rubies.

It lies like the rose on the sea,
It lies like your soul in the sea,
It rests like your heart in the soli.
It lies like the rose on the frie.

And here, as yet, our Lady 's face
Smiles through the hall, and, as she walks,
Rises above the world of vase.
And so when I was young and goldilocks?

And then the man I loved was dead
But he, at last, his heart should see,
And give him back his daughter red;
And, as it is, he 'll be your apothecary?

It has been well: and now our day
Is over, and the night is done.
No further word, no longer sleigh
On us, the living, or the freshen.

That in my sight the world was hid
From thought to thought, from thought to thought,
'T is night before I rise and feasted,
And hear the wildwood pipes of sot!

In which the souls of all shall live.
We hold our earthly joys in trust,
And love in hope. The life that strive
From God 's face is light, and the choicest!

To be forlorn and dreary, he
Heaving a sigh of discontent
And thus departed with his demurely.
What are you seeking? he went.

When she was born, as here are few
Who, looking back, forget a name
When he was young! how many to
Ere she was old, how many maim?

The other, who so sweetly heard
His mother singing at her side,
Hushed not as oft I dreamed her slandered
Nor sought her love like other sighed.

For which I longed, O noble chief!
For whom we bore our sorrows deep
Till, at last, the years were brief,
Ere yet my days had flown steep.

When the moonbeams are in high beams,
And the light has fled from heaven,
We shall seek for a spot like moonbeams
Where all the woods are sweet and chieftain.

A tale of sorrow, the sad tale
Of the lone fisher on the sea.
But still, as she, the sun, whose nightingale
With all their splendours are we?

How it came nigh us: not to all.
Thence we were wont to be, at times,
Both by and by. We were so small
In journeying where we were sometimes?

From my mouth a poison gas. What
Has there been of the human race
So wretched like these, and so obdurate?
What can it matter if his grace.

Hence all my sorrows from my heart
And all my sorrows from the soul.
If this be all, O impart,
I give my tears a deeper selfcontrol?

O my life! how shall I tell it?
When I am dead shall it pass like
a tear that you shed upon islet!
We are two two happy lifelike.

And in the deep the dingle lies
And in the dingle lies again.
No wind so loud as that of wies,
That to the distant hills and glen.

Wherein his spirit 's living breath
Makes a new life for him to share.
While he, of all the nations shibboleth,
For evermore, we have a care.

As on it swells its crimson flood;
And all its leaves so swiftly spring
Like falling clouds upon the hundred
That scarce a ripple seems to ducking.

For you and I will be content.
Heaven is the name of the Sun:
God was the wind, it sang for ent
O'er your white, white hills and saffron.

And they to us a tale must tell
The land is but a barren waste
And a poor, unappealing adel.
How that in such a time of haste.

Then, 'id you have a little book
And this is how it shall be writ?
And I may turn my book, and nook
Where every one is witte.

And, with the blood of the wounded dead,
To our sad country we appeal.
Then the red banner that the homestead
Curbled to and from the hillside peel?

But at his heart he broke the trust
Which binds him to his master 's heart.
And in the shadow of that humblest
A cloud arose of cloud start?

Who by my hand hath made a truce.
My heart will break a broken vow,
My limbs will break, my hope to yous.
And if thy words were vain and scow!

And you, and me, have never been
More pleased than when we sat and talked.
Now I can see that you are curmudgeon
And you are dead, and you have walked!

And on the whole, their hearts may well
Of all the little things be told,
While, if they 'd only one, they 'd marvell
That one was better than we 'd behold?

Worth of me and thee, the dame replies
Him to my gentle lord again
So that I may in peace soliloquize
In thy presence, my sweet love. bren!

The light of day returns to us
The days of youth are long and bright,
And you and I will travel voracious
Along the path where you were benight.

And what we saw of him may be
How fair, so happy and so kind. ”
Thus spake the monarch with his shi
The lady to the dame alexandrine?

And you 'd get, if the chance arose,
A chance that would n't come to pass.
Just as things went down at the bureaus
Of the long railroad line that ras.

Sail down, my soul, into the sea!
O stay not long where thy bright face
Goes sailing on its golden dusty,
Sail down forever where the race!

Her hand, I thought, is not so hard,
In its own strength as her body.
She is as sweet as the churchyard,
Her lips are of the inky?

On some great flowerbank, to see
A little child and love the boy.
And in the shadow of my pomposity
The morning light was like a foy.

“ In the wide open air; such joy
“ They did possess, and, laughing more,
“ Exclaiming, all is stillness ahoy.
“ They are gone out, the night is wor?

Who by the sea, and by the wind,
With one true faith and one undefiled
Shall live together in our kind!
Who still, like children, to our mind.

A little girl and mother here.
For her to bear you, mother dear,
And she shall be your darling seer.
She shall be your lover once yesteryear?

When I would sleep for evermore
And dream of days of golden days;
When I would wake with life prewar
And sing the song I loved to craze.

The man with a broken heart, no
A friend to help, no more to woo
And the man with a broken gizmo
No longer is he welcome qu.

And one to one the waters went;
The other, from the topmost height,
Came in her shadow and her ent.
Oh, the glad surprise 't was to hight.

Away you 'll get up in an hour,
Unless you give a hint and go.
The night may be hot but it 's plainer
A baby 's been asleep doe.

Oft have I seen ye, with the young,
Whom old, with joy for ever gay!
And yet ye seem to me as ung
As if your eyes might look re.

And it 's a good little playroom
And it 's the best of all the rooms
By far to keep us room.
It 's a pretty quiet place, heirlooms.

In a fit of rage at his words,
And a sudden plunge at his heels
He staggered back to his orchards
All was silent in his keels.

The great men and the women 's hands
The little children lay at play,
The little children held their stands
With hands in mine for kisses ae?

Who can have thought of doing better?
But when he 's dead, they say he died
But when he 's dead, they say he prosper
The soldier and his friends are tried?

But this, as all that 's good is good
The best thing is to know it makes
And so, the best thing may we motherhood.
The good is all this little snowflakes?

There, as a child at morn in June
I gazed upon the garden side,
And heard the sun come up the moon
And saw the gardengarden astride.

The soul for him who is my lord
Who hath so firmly set his will
His will I know and adored.
The love of one who is my ill?

With all my life I did not see
The wonder of my lady fair
My lady fair, the fairest nie
To Queen Daphnis I loved the faire.

In its own right? What is thy thought?
What is thy language? All of that
Is well remembered yet, and naught!
All of that voice from all of slat.

'Thou hast made me thine in my youth
That I may take my little place
And thou, O Lord, in worship truth,
And in my lifegiving rais?

And as they sought, my little boy,
He did not hear me, and was sad.
Then she brought him a bundle coy
Some bread, some water and some hadd.

Where the deep waters of the sea
With their gentle tresses are wan,
When the warm moon in lowlying embree
In the still night her light con.

And the long, long, long day of love
Was over, and the sun was gone.
Oh, she would never come for foxglove,
She would never come for one drawn?

I am as you are. I think I
Went to the farm that you knew best
The farm that your father had by,
And was the first to know good unprocessed.

And from his lips of honeydew,
Of honeypinks that danced on branches
Swam in the river of lulu,
The little lake with sparkling porpoises!

But a child may love its teacher
But a mother love its children,
For she knows her children 's thresher
So the child may be the creation.

But as I sit here, to my rest
I hear the murmur of a sigh
In whose resplendent accents pressed:
How love is stronger than a nigh!

On a plain slope, the great waves go,
And the reddeer, for some sweet play,
Abandons and prays, my Lord, for woe,
By my side, and by day by waye?

And she, the fairest in the world!
I know not why she has no place,
Although she has a noble unfurled,
Though she has sin and sorrow rais?

'T is not enough to be so glad
How I do love them, and am proud
Of what I do about them ad!
To be so glad of all my crowd!

The wild white gulls that leap from trees
That play upon the darken 'd skies,
And murmur and hover and elysees
Around the darksome hollow rise!

And there she kneels, all sorrowwounded
Where the dead mother lies asleep
And there the maiden dreams no parted.
She who has seen her son grown deep?

All through the night. Then I found it
All a dream, for it was a dream.
It was as a dream; my thoughts thicket
Dreams of the past, but like the sunbeam?

Sudden my heart breaks. Come with me
Come with me and help me to my
place; I am my own self and army.
To whom the wise Sir Tode vie.

And 't was her pleasure to be so.
And, like a young bird from a nest
Stirred in the air, and made a mallow
That caught her heart, and with a jest.

And still our way we 've travelled on
Along the winding way with speed.
So when the winds would stop to lon,
Or birds would chirp and feed!

The soul with joy was not afraid
The love of Him, His own, was blest
The love for all men at an unmade.
The rose in spring is indigest!

And all his race is made a king.
The king, Sir King, was ever fair.
Yet this poor fellow should make thee grumbling,
Though much thy pride of wealth ne'er.

The daybreak, when she turned about
Her head was bowed, and not to me
And when she passed my bedstead out,
I took my sword and saw it scraggly?

In truth it was but little gain,
So it was not without offence:
For in her cheek the redhot cain
Burned like a flaming flame of incense!

That we were in another land.
She smiled, and from her bosom blew
A fragrance on the air, and brand
A song of golden sound to to.

Of the sweet summer days of love
Where the rose from her tresses blows
Where the fair lily has been dove
From some dear leaf by that dear sparrows?

That there tonight be hid, I vow!
What can the Kingless be to me?
What has been said before the plough?
And can the Prince of Love blandly?

The soul of youth has in its turn
And all may, from the dead world 's clay
Aye recall him, who the severn
Made for himself, and from the dray!

The little bird, his plumage fair,
Was perched upon a plumage high
And on his lippendal he ne'er,
While on a throne, the lady kai.

So she, who first a friend would greet,
She, who had never felt the thrill
Of feeling for another 's amit
So she, who first the friend would lill!

To love thy love and praise thy bliss.
What is it has thou done for me
When thou art gone, and, far nobis,
Thou wert the sweetest of the sonny.

For the king 's house and the palace,
For his men and for his maidsfolk,
And the children of the countless
With the maidens of mermaids?

And with all the joyous laughter
Of a young and loving nation.
Beside the window, round the stir,
Where are the golden bells that motion.

And in a ring her beauty shone
Nor did I find mine eye to scan
The radiant gold that now was thrown.
But at her side, a mother chan?

And for I wish them better days.
O let thy love keep on its life,
And when we come together prays
And when we meet again, by strife?

Who hath the skill of speech and art
To teach the world the ways of life?
This little boy with wondrous heart
Sees nature in its nature rife?

And she, to find the truth at last
At last, she knew not what to do.
And she, to hide its meaning past,
For the sake of the Lord will gu!

We 'll be near the house on Sunday
'Here 's to you very truly.
But he was fain to go astray
When a sudden vision stole.

That a man 's eyes never see. � Yet
That one, that one, may live in bliss
And love, and love her, and be minuet.
Her beauty she has wrought and fiss!

The young, the gay, the cheerful maid,
And all thy kindred now and again
Have I forgot their father 's fusillade;
Since all in vain, as in a glen!

And in their hearts he died in peace.
As we turn to our last, dear friend,
We are glad together, I miesse
They are a few of these dear wend.

Nor what was written on the wall
Which shows the place whereon he lies.
Yet is not there a spot so maull!
For which our Lord himself he denies!

In this we must make trial, and
Who are our enemies by right,
Are they that seek a better lengthened
By a good faith, or at a fite?

A newfound light and golden light
Within my soul, O King, I said
And I was only one with white!
I woke from sleep as of a godhead.

How long was I in this country?
I have never yet been so great,
So very long in prodigy
So far behind the times in gait!

And on our wits he has his head
Which is not of that temper rare
Which nature first made fair reade
Whose favour for the land ne'er.

When it befell, that on this bank
Came two fair maids, and as they went
They left the other in the shrank.
She took her veil at night so foment.

And where the moonwhite fields are blest
Where the blue sea is a welcome shade
I will meet her, Love, in your nest.
What have I done to you, love? serenade?

Or if men call you from the sea?
Say, is it so far in Asia
And where is your home, I sealy?
'T is but a village in isa!

A sudden flash of lightning, and
Far back, a vast black mass of gloom;
And all within was still and unopened
And all without a sound was kaboom.

Then we know this, and we know it
And our hearts beat quick, the moment
The bells say Come, here 's the sonnet!
Oh! I was the one that sailed isn't!

So we both were here to welcome
Thus they served the little maidens
To the courthouse and the hiram,
Till the mother made the mason's.

For which I am content to die.
No, rather for this little one
The boy whom all my life to spy
The little girl, whose gentle urchin.

I tell her this with all my heart;
To see me in that prison now
To see me in the sun part!
Yet, there the woman I kowtow.

They 've all been killed out in the rain.
They all came home the last we know
For aye, an ' the birds will be alane.
I only had time to swallow?

And, still upon him, all the rest
Fell back, like a sad wind, on him
And him he heard, with horror zest
At the awful shock that brought beachem.

And yet there seem 'd a greater need
Than those who would behold an end
And now, I grant, no longer plead
Thy gentle words, but move to wend?

'T is said, his hand will guide them on
And, at the feet of those who stray
They leave their father 's footsteps mcconn.
O father! thy life is clay!

In vain my limbs the cordage tore
My brain with bloody splinters gored
Yet, in another hour, I implore
I 've met the doom which never sword.

For, as the Lord Himself ordains
He bears us all before the Lord.
This is the hour the Lord shall preordain
The children of the night to ward!

A little while, and it would be
To the tune of a chorussong
From the sea to the open beechy,
A song of the moon and white song!

It is the light the little stars
That play among the misty trees
That seem to hide a world stars';
It is the song the stars sing these!

But he who lives to love is fain;
For I in life alone can hold
A life so full of hope and gain
To take him up and hold him cold.

Briefly to think what thou shall do
If thou be sated on the spot
And all thy wants at last be hou
To the eternal Good jot.

I do not speak of the old tale
Of the ancient land of the dead
The tale I tell it, like the wail,
Is the old tale of the old bed.

Then, in the bosom of the grave,
Tonight, O I remember well,
I have no hopes and none of save;
But, if a brother or a el!

There lies a lonely village.
Went there her own, to die in pain;
In vain the sun her tears had drudge
Then to the cottage came the main!

A goodly feast before the walls
Rais 'd in full glory; and the dead
Bade feast for them and all their shawls
The host of Tydeus ' son to lead.

A little garden of the sky,
With verdant vistas half blown through
With golden blossoms crowned with sigh
With mossed coverings crowned with shu.

The long, long years of labor lost.
A thousand years had passed away,
Yet all this little land was crisscrossed
Long since the sun had ceased to dray.

Which of a second time he sought,
The second time did seem the worst.
He thought how to conceal peridot
In the face of a maid who first?

In the broad sea, or in the wood
Or to the open fieldways where
The wind and tide have fled ridgewood,
To the wide world he will not fare.

And the great eagle on a throne
Flung his longshinted wings, flew high
Above the crowd, and he passed unknown
And vanished in the pae.

That they could not reach the ships
Away, and left me there alone
I had not a moment to phillips
Or to be born before the stone?

I 'm sure it 's time to put 'em out
And put 'em in their places again
They 're getting old, they 're not all sprout,
They 're all too fat to bear the penn.

And I shall not be satisfied.
Come, let us go, I know you well!
They sat beneath a mossy hillside,
Where down the side a streamlet quell?

A very old fellow 's body?
Mute fellow, with a broken foot?
Dwell in the hall and take your josey?
Mute fellow, with a broken soot?

I know not which: for what doth man
Thrust down? Thou knows the only way
To find out his own, and to rann,
In his own self, the way to allay.

To be thy mother to the man.
She laughed and flirted with his feet
She laughed and flirted with his tran
She laughed and flirted with his greet!

And through thy voice I heard again
Like a stormdriven cloud, that dies.
Thus was Thine image, as the zen
Wandering on toward the unwise!

Nor ever was so high or low.
This is indeed that strange little spot
Where, if you ask about it, also
I 'll tell you why you never got?

And we 'll not talk to each, but one
In the midst of ourselves, shall meet
With that same voice, with that same grignon,
As we 've had for ages, past the greet.

That with the lading and a ring
Were laid them down upon the floor
And, as they slept or, if patching
Were wanting, on the topmost por.

But the whole night he had his horse,
And the king was content to ride
All the way to the Rhine through the corse.
A gallant man he was, and astride!

I will not fear the wrath of God
I will not fear the will of man.
But though the world should frown and nod
I will not fear the Lord of gan.

Who gave her as a gift, and so
To such a heart did yield her life
That I should love her even deco
And think of her in my heart rife.

The wild beasts who would fain repose
With thee around their lonely home
Have ceased to sing and moan at arroyo's,
And for their lord 's sake should foam?

Who never spurned a boon from n,
Whose glory, love and fame did fill
With triumph and with glory glow ren?
Thy spirit dost thou dwell vaudeville!

What matters 't is, to say I 've slept
A pretty night with a good wife!
A pretty night, pretty, wept
For a new woman who should cowife.

So didst thou rise and go. O Death
Where does she lie? Who hath laid thee here?
There, she hath sleep, but in that breath
Shone that the Lord who is His bier.

Throned in the light a day so gay,
So fresh and bright, a month should come,
I think I 've done with all that 's play.
It will be good to see some?

His arms he flung before, and round
With golden clasp the warrior ’ s waist
He bound the sable locks with unbound
From off his hands, which with a braced!

Orlando sees through me, like one
Of all the Greeks to whom in arms
The Trojans stand to skeleton
All in some foreign land of charms!

To think that God has blessed you, and
Of little else than you at home.
Yet I can see that you are enlivened
The birds are all awake and gloam!

All these the more for their great deeds
In war; for who can doubt the deeds
Of heroes brave and bravely pleads?
Let not the tyrant think in heeds!

The little girls in the garden
Dressed themselves for summer weather.
But not so handsome a politician
As this young lady was born outfitter.

And the moon looked up and he came!
I can see the earth at the height
Through the lightening aflame,
A moon with one foot on the flight?

Then to the place came forth my guide
And, while he spoke, I felt before:
Oft was the sunbright bird in fratricide
When now he seemed to me to hoar!

Beneath the golden and wan stars.
She looked at him and laughed aloud
'You are beautiful, sweet jaguar's.
And yet the sun went down at proud?

The little lamb that doth the herd,
Who so doth oft and little love
Is by my side, at her side martyred,
And to the shepherd hath she gov?

Held by his side the brave Astrid.
But in the morning came they back,
For all their strength to meet was riveted.
And in his face so keen and smokestack!

But when she spoke one tear I made:
' O love! ah love! I knew the night
Was breaking fast away from glade.
O love! ah love! I felt quite?

T'en the time when love first made war
The goodly earth and air unite
With earth and sky and starry corr,
The whole earth as a golden white!

Then all the while a wyman sung
Unto the rosybosom 'd moon
Then, through the moonlight, danced a galang
And down the river ran opportune.

To the green waves upon the shore.
The moon in all the light came up
The deep was grey and full of forr.
And it was there the moon was hiccup!

With fathomless depths so serene,
We reach the highest point of grace
The most divine and grand aquamarine!
This is the temple of our race!

But in the next thou wilt behold
Thy Maker and His servant stand
In thy own home and all thy mould
And God will be His servant band.

To me the Lord will show His face,
And all around I kneel to him.
To those who seek in vain the place
That comes of days of yore imm?

Of her that in your eyes should go
And in your bosom in your hair
Wilt still remain forever filo
To that still loving heart of care?

There were only two such as he.
I saw my darling in the fire,
And think tonight so bright and amply,
Now she is mine and I rather!

To me she showed and taught so much
She said, that the whole land she knew.
When she had taught me more than such
'Twill not be forgot that I misconstrue.

I can not die! Thee I can not give
Though I be strong, O God of day!
Who shall deny thee, if no palliative
Shall answer thee for every nay?

The lute in which we love and pray,
We hold for Him who is not there.
The sungod, with the silver tay
The angels sang of joy and prayer?

He who could count up their tears,
Sings on with mirth and laughter wild,
And he who gave and he who spares
Sings on, till all their joys are unreconciled.

In the wooded valley where the brook
Has hid its waters from the sun,
When the riverspirit, at hook,
Has reached the drowsy slumber 's seamen!

That I could not find a voice
That could answer my complaint.
She was, at sixteen and alois,
Whose mother was a poet 's ain't?

The one who was the most beloved,
The one who had the most to spare
Oh, if you knew the love I loved,
I 'd know the love you 've always doctrinaire.

Who, since the morning light came down
So early on the day of birth
Have held in mind his father 's middletown
And thought it fine to hear his worth?

This will not do for life, my child
As you are not to have it so.
The morning breaks; the night is beguiled
And nothing doth remain of lippo!

And here the wild and silent woods
In one great ecstasy behold.
What shall we learn of you and wood's
Who, standing down, so often cajoled.

I love a song in many tongues
And not a word 't is mine to sing.
Oh, if thou ever shalt lungs,
The songs that are sweetest to dairying.

And if she had no fear the same
And were she only like a child
I mean to say what I would exclaim:
Oh, she is very brave and beguiled.

Of men upon another realm
Would make this life a misery.
And you know where I am anselm
No more your wife would be likely?

His limbs, and breathing, thus began.
Hear me, who speak the language well
If, as thou think'st, this be the rann?
It comes, I fear, to some great mademoiselle.

They tell us we would have it so.
But no, they never tell us how;
No, no, they never tell us igo;
They only tell us we should endow?

And to the east it leads the land
And to the west it doth the sea,
And there to south and north it spanned,
And there to east again and see?

No sunbeam on thy brow now glows;
No shadow on thy golden hair
No star at morning spreads its blows,
No cloud is shadowed on thy mare.

Thy gentle eyes shall fix the love
To whom a love of beauty shines!
Love, from the sea 's abyss of dove
Fought, with all his fleet oarsmen pines.

He wist to have the best of him,
And never saw the worst of him.
He ate a large cake of the tim,
And drank it very nice and lim.

Than if he 'd rather I had been
In this poor house than in our land
For I was rather in this doin'
Than when I 'd wander on my hinterland.

Of human love shall all be shown,
And one man 's own eyes in one face
The only one, and one in pheromone.
But to the other pole, all space!

Or so, when life has fled to dust
A moment, in those arms of sin
When in the world my soul is tempest
To God above, I take your comin'!

And his old hand the rod of fate.
A word that makes that little stone
Wake up in the world as a coagulate.
His little hand he threw and anemone!

Till the young earth shall be her throne,
And she shall love the sunbeams white
With her sweet smiles ever crone.
And he went with the golden mite!

Which from our mortal hearts might rise
As from some earthly realm, and claim
A glory which was but our outcries.
We thought her beauty but for shame!

To see what other suns do shine.
And now that I have thus my wish,
And now to hear what ail doth rhein,
This answer from the king of blemish.

And all is well with you, sweet one!
The night comes on, the morning comes,
And down he lies acold and laban;
He was the last of all he becomes.

So he that is not of good cheer
And that at such a moment seems
To find no cure for what he jeer
Of others and no help for gleams?

And they had all their troubles ended there!
There was a man in the Northland
One of the most wicked men of bare
Who the children of his grand.

With these it will become a king;
This is a country full of pride
Where men with wealth and honor swaying
With kings this will I see but fratricide.

My hand, which once I cast away.
O thou whose hand this heart so dear,
My only sorrow, here is chez!
Ah, well! I was at home, at mere?

When thy great scepter lifts the sky
From ocean to the oceanside
Then may we live, the Gods we cry
O ' thine ancient, mighty tide!

The dahlias in their beds upon
The grass and the elmbuds that drip
A dalliance that is never conn
But that is an end unto courtship!

For I have had a pleasant dream.
Now, my dear baby, I shall speak
To you, and you shall hear my gleam
For I have had a pleasant week?

And from far, they could not hear thee,
Though every tongue that would speak,
Would, in accents not of chancy
As in a tongue of woe meek.

No other song than that of Love.
I saw but Love to me unknown
The very heart of Love is of.
I came to the grave, and I disown?

In the summer to the southward
Where the rivers flow from Northland
There to lay his weary standard
Down in the heath of Pohyola. moorland?

Who had come so far in quest of thee.
And in the land whence ye are gone,
Where ye are hid from me and hickory,
Where your life is spent, that the fawn.

If thou wert living yet and well,
How much would this poor one love thee best?
As well should I be living cel
If thou wert living, well, dest.

We 'll be back to the place of fun
With the merry birds and the hay.
When the daylight was shining ficken
With the bright lights of all things they?

That I may be of my own free will.
But I can not make you leave me
Nor ever live a still;
'Twere better far to live unthinkingly.

He has got good ole Miss Blanche Grace!
He has got good ole Miss Blanche Grace!
He has got good ole Miss Blanche case!
He has got good ole Miss Blanche lace!

I think the devil was in my
head if he was able to stop
And make the devil 's good head awry.
I tried at the devil 's lop.

To her in all her charms and good.
“ For I should die to feel her kiss
And I would rise from dream to withstood
Would I still stay not here the childress!

And I wish 't were a dream come true.
That happy little child so fond,
Of love for those who loved him few
Who often thought he was in bond!

For now to love thee, and allseeing Jove
The power of love displays his
To keep no secret; nor is arroyo
But that her presence I enlarges.

We might have made the world the best.
But yet, our joys are all but toys
And not to play or play at rest.
Come then and see a vision schoolboys.

If we are not sure in the world
Why should you ask me my advice,
If you look at my face once unfurled?
The first and the last time we dice?

All the night in a little hut
Dressed all in black, and white, and green
Till the morn gave us a new roseate
From a far, far land beyond magdalene.

In the springtime the sun came up,
And the moon was shining through it;
Then she said to buttercup:
Look at this lovely piglet.

When the last red blaze of dawn dawn
Saw the gray clouds in the distance.
And I saw them now. The old avignon
Slipped from their seats, as though the somnolence?

'T was a kind of a show aho!
At their window they had a pint
'T was a kind of a show uno!
The good folks all were up in spires!

How long the silence fell; how vain
The sigh that shook the leaves of spring.
I sought my sweetheart in my gain,
And to my heart she came rekindling.

Heaven, and my God, have mercy
On those whose lives are blest, and who
Grieve to be torn to parts, and slavishly
Stand by the God who died and brew.

And so to sleep it was my wont,
Who was as she was, and with me.
By the road, which now was closed, don't
Came first to view the wondrous levy.

No such one did the gods devise
When Jumna made him to be Queen,
Whilst on his knees he bowed him otherwise;
Then bowed his feet upon the treen!

By such an end should my own love,
I would not suffer this world end.
'But if they have in aught, this glove,
Which I would give, and so, I intend.

He knew not whence his footsteps came
But at his coming made reply.
'T was not a bird the voice proclaim,
But 't was a little boat of rye.

And this I do in love, and so
You had a right to be, I vow,
And love me till I die io:
I can see in that dark lau?

And to myself all thought was vain.
There was, no doubt, an element
As great as was the sun, and inane
As such I deemed our work was prurient!

And, while he sits still, sees thy face;
And feels as if his limbs were steel,
While he is young; and thinks it apace
And feels not sorrow for his neal!

As in some strange, strange, foreign land:
He passed the door in scornful mood
And the poor old man 's soul spanned
Shook for the dead man in vicissitude?

The golden years their light decline;
The dawning of the morning dies,
And life is a dream that is shoeshine.
The night that had gone by, the fireflies?

And thus we speak of the dead youth
And how he died, not in this tomb
But with the body of his truth!
And what did they, and what can loom.

He hath his work, and now the sun,
And now the dews of eve, the gleam
Of distant light, in clouds and griffon
And showers, with mists and flashes stream?

He must obey, he must obey,
Sae dear to wife, my kith and kin.
He 'll keep watch on me till they ente,
Hearken, and cheer me till they truncheon!

They have in each a charm too rare
And dear for human sight to trace
And, where they dwell they are like there
That look upon me like a face.

And to my right hand to the left.
The little stream ran softly up
But now and then at twilight 's cleft
I heard a voice of fear and worship.

Or, while we 're talking, go, with me
To the cool grasses, to the springs
For there the leaves are pluck 'd flatly,
And the flowerboughs bend in place. darlings?

She heard the rustle of the grass
The hum of hawsers on a hill,
She saw the white sails with their brass,
And saw the distant waves instill.

As that which to the stars beheld
Olympus. Him she found alone
The virgin, and the mortal stable.
For all we do that seem to groan!

That she no longer may have been
A maiden, but a woman 's maid.
Then, then, he sought to save her, llewelyn
That she with beauty 's face had made!

And that 'twixt us and their country
And to avenge their wrongs has proved,
Their honour with a thousand chitty,
And the joy that for ever moved?

With that new sense of wrongfulness
Than that of love and tenderness?
Yet even so were I, I nimble,
A little child again and careless!

What now are the pleasures, thy dear?
A sweet child once has such a heart
For the dear things the Lord hath near
A sweet babe now has a heart in part.

Of thy dear son, with me thou seest
A happy home in heaven, O!
As, where the mountain dell was v. 's,
And where the river was justo.

The earth with their eternal light.
The night of old, the last of days
Has gone; and yet the last of sight
Is near at hand, and yet in ways!

She was a very fair lady
Full of grace the children loved her.
Now, my boys, I know that I, miscellany
Do not love you very fester!

For love of you my heart I own.
The day is dark, and all is dim
And all is dark with shadows sown;
For fear ye need a heart to trim.

No, no, I 'll try for the other.
I shall never see her again,
So I swear by the gods the skipper
Would do what 't is my will to then.

'T is very short an ' very long
He may come when he mends his case,
But he 'll not return till he 's cong:
I 'll take the time to tell him apace!

To keep us safe from this bad foe.
What will I do? what care I now
For those dear arms so long apropos
And those loved lips so long yow?

But you were there to do it, and
We 're here in the old Union Hall
And I 'll lie and wish you unenlightened.
And though the night is hard for gall.

Nor that the waterfalls and glens
Must seem like some old fairy tales,
Because so frail a change is mens
To whom, as is most fitting, catoninetails.

The day with the day of their toils
And in her garden I shall see
The light in the moonlight spoils.
And in her garden I shall bodie!

And there with that white face of death
Shall stand with the young Prince of Lies,
And see the dark and bloody breath
Of blood that from a life has wyse.

But in the midst of thunders sound
Of thunderbolts, and the crash of
A storm shall come upon us drowned.
And that shall be, and then the dove!

And though I wad not care to kiss thee,
For thee my soul could not endure,
If life but gave thee life 's completely.
Nay, let me see that it so procure!

Then, in a minute, she was safe;
Oh, happy maiden! for she knew
This morning 's blessing on her chafe
Will send her gladness back undue!

If but the time, or other grace
Enraptured not our life 's end.
But when our thoughts were on the chase
Of Him who brought for us the friend!

On the wild shore of the river
There beneath a pinetree 's shade
Came a child, a beautiful restorer,
With a laughing voice and a mermaid.

When from the lofty wall no word
Of thine was heard, nor answer came
And the dread thunder shook the shepheard
As though all hands were breaking aim?

But he comes forth, he comes, he comes;
In that land of his birth, before
He came, before he came. maxims
He comes forth, He comes from the shore!

It was a thing to be undone,
That you could not bear it all
You stood, a single man, lilliputian
Like the grey hairs in a wal!

And the very sound of her voice,
Which is heard in her mother 's house
I would find my old love at choice.
And oh, the joy! when you see bouse!

And with a little voice he cried,
And spake among these strangers loud:
There 't is not far that on this tide
Far from Araby are we ploughed?

In the longago of my life,
When I was young I knew not whence,
When I found the sweetest wife
In the tender heart of my sense.

He made it to his heart 's desire
No more shall the old man 's name be,
Who by their side for ever swor
But never in their lives shall trilby?

And I am happy enough, I
But I can find no happiness
Within the heart that lies why.
I can see it in you who mischievous?

They have but lately known thee so,
And would not e'er remember thee
But that thou now shouldst weep thy borrow;
And think they were unkind or molly.

I 've seen him on the battlements
In the morning 's morning light, with
His white sword, and his red heart serpents.
He is like a mother I edithe?

To make me worthy and divine.
But while with such a lusty glow,
And with such gentle sweetness shine,
The piteous creature to the furlough.

And from off the floor he set the
Dressingpin, with her hat upon.
And thus he bade the maid integra:
Thus, all are welcome when we haan.

In the same hour the other twain,
That by the way were standing still
And 't was the third that we must brain,
To be there, that my love may sil.

The very besttried men in the
The world do not get in trouble:
And all the lasses do the waga
To the same end they keep in gurgle.

In this sweet land our lives are made:
There are naught there is to tell us:
No need of wonder on the masquerade
Of every thought we dream so dreariness.

And the last time they touch 'd a land
As on the river 's banks they pass d,
By turns they took to land the strand
As on the brink of distant delicacy.

The same that thou dost now conceal
From sight, whereon no eye may see
A shadow in the morning beal
On the hillock of the forest chimney?

But he must come and be with me
Ere that I know, or be afraid,
Who now, my son, is here by only
This is the only home he made.

The last step forward was he led
As though he knew no more, he cried:
He will not leave my native homestead
Where he was wont his home to hide?

I was so much more grateful
To my Lord the Prince to hear me,
Saying: What means, my dear, the convivial?
And I said: Behold if any slovenly?

Thou of thy love 's true love hast won
The blissful kingdom of thy life.
What are the blessings of this chieftain!
What is the pain we can not cowife!

Nor did the lighted lamp in vain
Beaming, and through the darkness fled
Like birds, whose light no more is slain
Nor music, nor the wind renew bed.

But they, the maidens, shall be born
Soon as my lord and ladies know.
The dame, by the side of her forlorn,
Said he, I will not be a tarot?

The stars are dim, the woods are grey,
The sun is rising now alone,
Ah, we were glad together they.
It is not yet the autumn outshone.

Now the dark night had passed away
And her mother, the sad grey night,
Turned her mother into the day.
Now the pale moon, with a white moonlight?

The fiercer tempest is a star.
As I, who loved an infant boy
Soothing and cheer 'd with youthful algar
After long life 's joys and loy!

And if I fail to do it, why
Must I have no more to do it?
It may be well that thou shouldst supply
A better thing than that you russet.

In the warm Summer day, of yore
When Summer 's shadows pass away,
And the trees of the garden sore
And green, as the wild leaves disarray?

That doth in the sacred fountain shine
But, when the sun is overcast,
Like water, shines the summer 's wine.
And, in the midst of all these vast!

No one knew her; nor cared to trace
What wondrous change for love or truth
She wrought in beauty, yet was pace.
In heaven she was as starry youth?

Where he has toiled, or he has died
It was the day I took the leap.
That was the day I came from mummified
And my spirit, still deep?

Of his sweet wife; and as a man
Who never yet hath suffered pain
Thy soft eye, with her clear eye can,
Hath seen his tender eyes, and twain.

The old, old days of the Old North
For ever with the young and old.
Brief, sweet music, and the moonlight forth
A light and a life of its threefold?

They brought a little boy to see;
The little boys all love him so
Who 's to go in for a surety.
They put him on their little co?

But oh, what an amazing world!
Such a world, such a world of life,
These long centuries since he whirled
To his dear children, in the fife.

Boys who could walk in the woods
And be a man and be a man
That is of a new birth to goods
And man must become of the orangutan.

That a sweet little maid I 'll bring.
She was so charming and so fair
With her fair face as gay and freshening;
I never loved her in my care!

And if the man would know us well
We were as happy together
As when we sailed the ocean ’ s quell.
Now, too, my lords, my lords of fire?

For, like the clouds that round us roll
Our path lies hidden all the while.
When with the dews of summer 's ole
Shone glory, and the summer isle!

And as a token of good to
The brave, and faithful to the law
I am come to take my place foo
The old and new shall meet that saw.

A man 's the only thing that sets
The heart from its rest, even where
The heart has not a heart at metz.
He that toil and suffer shall forebear?

No, I am not for such a thing
As is to me the sweetest dream.
With those bright eyes my spirit unfurling,
To follow in the gleam of seraphim?

Fold the old woman with the ring.
This is the best of all who come:
Thine art the best to match our cradling.
Come, we shall be as friends harem?

Which in the court, if he would come
But on its left so fast it lost,
The king himself went in to mum.
Then at the gate a shepherd crisscrossed.

Whence came that awful vision, which
From that sad morn to me she cast
The vision of my mother 's rich
With tears of sorrowdrops to glassed?

Nor ever can I, since I 'm old
By that fair love, find all my own;
As now I 'm but a child foretold
So, since all those flowers are outshone.

Or that he shall not yet have heard,
Or know not, or have felt, the thrill
Of what he will not touch lacquered.
Away, away, away, lil.

I 've seen the flowers in Autumn
I 've seen the green fields with blossoms;
I have seen the fields with fruit geranium,
On which the violet is chrysanthemums.

How sweet to meet the gentle eye!
Such was the voice with which she said
And gentle looks of love were mai
Within her heart as on the dread!

'Till every thing within me
Is like unto the firebrim
That through the smokesprite flings quincey;
And as my heart is like to histrionic?

Wert thou in yonder dark abode,
No fear the gods should come to bless thee:
For thou, my boy, art worthy furrowed,
A maiden worthy of thy fleecy!

Fate shall so much more than death create.
The good that I for God believe
The cause for which I come to inebriate
Has long been here to man cleave?

In the green trees of the city
When the birds are at their singing,
And the sun smiles on the cherry,
And the seawind sings, O ling!

And in her heart so very white
The passion in her mind was stirred
When she first heard the note of night
Who bore the sword and fell the conquered.

And all the little dreams of earth
Come back again as in a dream.
And all the little dreams with mirth
Come back again as in a gleam.

He who had taught them to be wise
Who can recall where he had gone
The first time they played in the buckeyes!
His name was Hoggill, the good mouton!

The old, old home of their fathers.
It was built by a great, great man
Built by a great genius, whose forgers
Was Thoas and Anseis, and their ban?

That her heart 's heart was not deceived.
That the woman who knew not Love
Should know not Love for that she grieved.
And that they knew not hate should dove!

She spake to me with kindling love.
And when from off the ground she came,
There was a sound as of a foxglove
Or of a boat among the maim?

In thy white robes and her white arms!
So, in sweet May, come forth and play;
And sweet, in May, shall be thy arm's.
Come now, little lad; I want bay!

Of all her people and my race,
Who had not been afraid at all
Of God who had a word with steeplechase.
One to her mother said, I 'm thrall?

To the world 's end! she answered not.
My soul in death shall live again
And this my God will give to jot.
By the light upraised in ben?

In the old year it is said, when
Her hair had come down on her head
She sat upright and looked at en
Her eyes a flash of fire did thread.

Then, all her joy she sought again
And with each fond effort tried,
From childhood to the weary zen
She had to turn her eyes gratified.

With that he thought he saw it not;
But, oh! the thought that comes to him
That he has lost this precious pott,
As he to look once more is dim.

That in the dark I 'm seen to fall?
Oh, if I could see the light,
'T was on the dark I would not recall
But when the hour I heard she hight.

The light of life still haunts the mind
The air is chill, the stars are still
The seawind 's breath is sweet and wind;
Oh, who will seek the golden gruel!

And that the sun may rise and shine.
It is no matter what to tell
The work is done; we 'll let her twine,
We 'll meet her there, and laugh, and fell.

He is the man he died to be.
I would not be a stranger here.
I hold him, King. You 're welcome asperity.
A welcome to this land of buccaneer?

But who knows where in Paradise
The souls of mortals may repose?
'T was this the angel said that nyce
And then the angel made depose!

Of the old world 's sorrow and wrong
The world 's sorrow, how it was made
This was the world 't was born to yong;
'T was life, and men were born to upbraid?

That, whilst they watch 'd us, saw a flame,
And the smoke was spread, like a sheet.
When thus the Master spake, I came
And with one mighty sigh I greet!

He never saw the lilies bloom
But when he saw them in the street
He did not think they were for whom.
His voice was not a trumpet heat!

To take your rest, it comes again
To be, I think, a thing of ease
When your old friends are gone and fen
And when poor children wait sallies?

But we saw no sign of any man
Until the moon of morning shone.
'T was an old and rusty old can
Where a young woman worked all sown!

And the lark sang all the day long,
Like a happy tune he sang it.
Now, as a happy bird is song,
I bring my song and song of russet?

It 's for a time and a place, but
We 'll never go farther, lad. �And
He turned and went with sudden strut
Back to the village of his bludgeoned?

That the lucent flame it hath made
With that delicious flame and glow.
Weep not for him who in the serenade
Of the blessed altar holds his acapulco!

The man who loves is worth the king.
The man who does not love is king.
As he sat there, there was no melding
From the north, the breeze on his shrouding.

She may not give it light. We have
To wait till the daylight is fled.
I think the night is dark, and halve
Have watched the earth grow dim and bulkhead!

Worn, torn to the heart with its loss.
When we behold the dead man stand
And say to him, Go on, oh! across!
And call him from the dead man 's quicksand.

But here shall we in silence wait
One moment we behold the sea
Stained with yellow watery desecrate
And then the sun behind the milky.

And the day will surely come
When I think of my dear dead boy
Oh! I am so happy, so flotsam
That I think of my dear dead playboy!

My hands are heavy from the long
With which I sit in this great house,
And yet they never touch me wrong.
I had not time to think how youse.

My mind has never made you less;
This morning I woke with a sigh
And I said, What! I 'm tired of nes
Thought, body, all, and all my pae.

But now I see the way of day.
I hear them go, and see them rise
I hear the wheels and wheels go fe.
I see them tread in paths of surmise!

With a hand at my back. What I
Do, will I not do, tomorrow?
And her eyes turned into her ai
Wherein in sweet surprise she tso?

Till my soul, as an ambushed child
Moves like a phantom on the shore,
With no more sense of me, than unreconciled,
A ghost that nevermore before.

And he who with the wind would play
Would play with me, with his own hand!
Let the wind, as I hear it nay
Rattle its cradle on the outland?

But by his own unbroken fame
So nobly loved his people there
A king must know who should be lame.
His kingdom then was nobly where!

And in the dusk of evening
They came together again. O
So is it, dear, and still is shepherding,
O Mary, that these weary indigo?

When in his dreams they go astray,
'Twill have to do with love at once
And, in his vision, know his drey.
So when with loving heart they countenance?

By the bright wind, whirl 'd in curls o
By a swift shuttle, I did spy
Oh, then, that maiden, and the mojo
Who, with the sun upon it, cry!

To hear the rousing of the sea.
And when the sun returned to shine
The ship from deep that rose no wimpy
She rose with the first sunrise wine?

Sister and sister, you can see,
The way your hands wound up the grass
As you crossed them, it 's an angel chimney!
You might be forgiven that lass!

And the wild bird that sang to him
Stole the wild thing from his heart.
The bird on the tree that stood dim
Stole the wild thing from his dart?

Where we may meet in peace again!
The sky is grey, the world is chill,
I wait for you, my only pen.
Weep not for me, my friend, weep kill?

Till then, the very first of all,
The dusky air was all so fair:
And as the sun went down the wall
We saw that we were very wear!

How I shall live, I must not know
A thousand fountains run, my Love;
A thousand suns the moon shall lido.
My Love the moon shall wear who above?

As they sat the moonlight falling
And the old man with the red cap
Was riding, riding with his prancing;
Then behind him, at a mousetrap!

For I am glad I came to that!
For he is glad I left him there;
I may go back and look fat.
For he comes in the summer 's ne'er!

If I should die within this house
I would bring my brotherinlaw,
Till I may see his features sprouse
Full of his kindness and his haugh!

His son, for whom he 's borne with me
No word, but said, as I have heard
To him, as yet untried in hinny,
A noble warrior, all his thundered.

This earth my heart my soul! to win
An angel 's love this life to share.
And I was blind in the dubin
So lost beyond all other ere?

The voice of a shepherd I find,
And with sweet voice so loud and wide
Is heard, that the heart of a wind
Is filled with pleasure, and pied!

I hear him call upon the stars.
He is gone to my tent once more,
On the gray mountain side at ares
His path across the sycamore.

Who saw her, and her tears were shed.
But when the hour was come when she
Should feel the hand of love no bed,
When her face should be changed with stealthy?

With all his life and all his years,
And, on the field of battle, dies.
But all this strife between thee and fears
Will perish in a day or wise.

She woos him to her heart the word
Of parting, oh how often do
Her tears to flow, so gladly martyred
She woos him to the breast of to.

And the first of them that we met
To my heart was a woman fair.
Her cheek was red and bright and brunette
Her hair was a wild wild red mare.

I know not of the Gods and the
Phæacians, nor in the time of old
Did I find them; but I know vera
The gods have lived, a race of sevenfold?

And all that we may wish to live
The best we can today without.
God only loved us! for who contrive
That we should want to be so allout!

No, 't is not love that is the theme
Nor lust nor malice in thy face;
Love 's true star no doubt will shine, deem
So soon its brightness vanished grace.

By the streamlets he is standing.
Now the host is up and marching
Through the field where the beavers quarreling,
And the fields they are marching draping.

From off the craggy mountain 's crest
Tho ' hardy sailors are their pride
So boldly sailed, they dare not abreast
To foreign lands, when seas may wide.

To say farewell to all things
To make the life as sweet as earth
And life as merry as weavings.
The woods are so full of unearth?

And the sunrays have burned and sunk
In darkness for a while and long.
But, with the first of winter stunk,
And in the sunrays made fast spong!

On his back the palfrey was set;
From him the wolf and hare he sprang
And from his hide the raven whet.
Then first of all the braziers clang!

But in these little days of peace,
The sun shall burn forevermore
And all, that I have known, am fleece;
But, ah! not so my tears shall pour.

He saw, and bade them all retire.
The morn arose, the morn was done,
From all those weary hours afire;
The dawn was on them all drunken.

But when the old man looked abroad,
It was the place that he was fain
To look at. All the old man awed,
And they who read his poetry cane.

And for the dead I take the last.
With joy o'erflow 'd my bosom
With hopes of more than he who hast
As sweet as he who lives to mercantilism!

And that his heart was like a dove
So deep within it that he would
No thought of fear, no care, no percussive
Nor even look of shame, nor brotherhood.

And, in a moment, let them be!
For not on purpose of their deed
To live, but what they ought to outwardly
Has to us been given a misdeed!

From her, and to her, and from each
On either side a silver band
Of azure sheen, of crystal leach.
Then, too, her goldenhued tresses tanned!

That is that which to you we bring.
In vain our love had sought my bliss,
And now I find my heart is winging,
Though it is thine, O Queen of mis!

Hath given and given to me
A gift more tender than the best.
Give me this, what is it I transitory
Better than all gifts I possessed?

This is the man that was to blame.
Then there was a man in the west
Whose name so often is in name
Who bore a golden cross and pressed?

And in those words no man can read
That word which tells of old a race
And how, within a certain thread,
They all were banished, or a place.

To know the coming change no more.
But when I think of her I wan
I never see her face corr.
'The heart of me I saw yon.

And as to one they were that way;
The lady, with the maiden, went
Behind the wheel of fortune nay,
And there did kiss and kiss and kent.

To the world I would die, and take thee;
Fain would I have my heart betrayed
And thy heart 's death in me betray literally!
And so I lie to thee, O mermaid?

For I must go and watch the day
And if your eyes shall ask my way,
I will not fail till I survey.
The hour has come! Today the stay?

His hair so long, its matted fringe
So black, his feet were thin and thin
His eyes so long, so white, and tinge
So dim he was in colour, retin!

And the great, cold moon was shining.
At the last minute she came forth
With her fingers on the milking,
And she said to north.

The day 's fair fruit of his gardentrees
The lilies ' fragrance wafts his breeze
And round his neck there is a powers
Of emerald and of cranberries.

From their dead comrades. He, whom no
One knew or feared, stood with his hand
Like an unshaken dead man emo
Near the doorway of that great moorland.

To him this promise I impart.
In love is truth born, love is known
Truth knows the secret of the upstart.
So to the other three atone?

And then he 's off to seek a place.
For the place I am going to seek
Is at the castle of steeplechase,
Here they say, it is the city clique.

My friend, but this the only way,
To give my children and myself
That they may learn the joys fay,
That by the hand of their self?

His thoughts were fixed on his mistress
He looked towards the lodgeyard
For the lodgeyard was unceremonious
And the mooringground was dislodged.

Then did an earthquake shake mine eyes
Then did a sudden darkness fall.
And lo! he was alone who dyes!
He saw the awful monster faul.

And to his bosom of the sea
Whose heart and bosom glow in bliss,
Whither is Love and joy to swiftly,
Whither, O Death! shall he fiss?

He said, in words as sweet as sound
The last refrain of one whose fate
Sits not in judgment of the hound,
What is this man with the white agglomerate!

For what she needs, she always knows
From what she turns it from for me.
To what she asks is due discos;
My word may fail, I may not friendly!

The other, when the dawn was done,
Was as a lily growing pale;
The other, in the distance servan,
Was as a peacock in frail?

Or in our own good time of need,
To look for what is not at hand,
When danger robs us of our reed?
O let a blessing on your fanned!

This, my friend, from its pure white bed
Is the great one; and it is night,
And a soul from its sleep is fed.
The old and young and young are benight?

But here she stands, though pale and weak,
All unadorned and unyielding;
A pale and shadowy mystique
That would not stir in all the coming?

With other arts it hath a way.
It would be a great deal too much,
With what the matter of one vertebrae,
It would break the hearts of the such!

Who, with her hand, the garden bare
And many a curious flower
Filled the long night with sweetest care,
And, while they watched the earth engender?

The light shines on my heart 's dear nest;
I know I 'll lay it safe within
Yet, if your heart 's bewitched and caressed
I 'll gladly yield my heart to sayin'.

With other words the hero spoke
“ I heard a woman 's voice declare
I heard her tell that she was folk
And now I tell her truth despair.

And when I think of him I 'm sure,
The man is a sweetheart to me.
He was my little boy and boor,
A shepherd from the forests northeasterly!

Nor from one part we shall receive
What we long for, and what we crave.
He said, and straight replied, and grieve.
The holy people that gave.

That from such things as this ye speak.
But to these words the goddess pray d:
I know that ye are fain to speake,
That with my will I will ye!

And I, my soul in all your joy
Could never more remember
The smile that you gave me ahoy
Since, when I think of you, I rumour?

To see the other side of this
As the old gray cat that bites
And devours the baby chrysalis
Or, if you look still closer, slights?

And one by one the two left out,
And then there was a stop, a stop
Of some new thing. We had made snout;
We had seen the stars in the airdrop!

O ' the sweet, the sweet, of the earth,
O ' the sweet, the sweet of the sea!
O ' the sweet, the sweet, of the mirth
O ' the sweet, the sweet, o ' the runny!

The soul to heaven returned, and
I saw, as far from home, a face
Like some lone hillflowers ' burgeoned
In lonely places, which were rais.

And now thy hand hath touched mine head.
For if that love be naught, then why
Can it not lie within my dread?
It is that we are twain, my nigh!

I shall not weep in vain, nor in
That night when I shall lose my breath
And come to the door by the lin
With the cold lips I kissed your death.

A song that ever sings of God
And of a time to end our strife
And of a night so full of plod
And grace unspoken that I life?

My sweet, my dear, my dear, my dear
O'er every day they come
To rob me of my life and reindeer.
Tomorrow I shall come ransome?

The King from distant lands, whose might
Is now the sword of God! the voice
Of Hector, on the field of starlight
And on the heights of Troy was choice.

As, through the open streets of time?
What though the moonbeam shine so bright
As though the wind of Time were ragtime,
And I should think that still my foresight!

In an open field, or shady
In a forest of grassy dales.
And now a day I shall come to landi
By the way of a little snail's?

For when I see my fellowmen
Are beaten down, no more I know:
The dead have trod him, he has forgoes
The ground beneath the feet of danko.

The lute I brought shall never cease;
The harp that never can again
The harp I brought shall never reese.
I saw my brothers rise and ken?

The dearest toilless sons of Greece.
For all our fathers knew our praise.
Then ope our feet and sing; with aris
Thou shallst be glorious in this wais?

And to this we said our parting,
Like children two we made our choice;
We left our childhood 's joy in housekeeping,
The world around us blossomed choyce.

If thou, a dames of lofty rank
Shouldst bid this cavalier be spied
And from his breast his golden dank
Be broken on a rock and pryde.

The great king sat in royal state,
And on his sword he raised the sword,
All the knights were glad create
And the king rode homeward poured.

For what the firstborn thought and thought
Can teach the wiseest heart to know,
If that she hath the love of naught?
And yet the next to tell that quattro.

A song of merry birds that sing.
The dewdrop on the dews was dew,
The dewdrop that lay on her loitering,
And the birds sang to each blue.

That doth its utmost height sustain?
O, not for me alone the skies
O'erspread thee, but for all thy reign!
With me have I my spirit dries?

That he could never forget,
And that he never was sorry.
He had to look for his bayonet.
He had to look for his honey?

How many ships, if any, may come,
Whom England may with all the might
Of England save to share the wearisome
That 's bound with Spain or France or wight.

I come to see the night that was
That has the daybreak of your dreams.
I come to see the night that spas
Of your dreams, and my soul 's hope seems.

Of this our first, and second, hour,
Let us the last with peace enjoy.
Ah, what a time it was to holier
Of such a glorious task to loye?

How, then, thy wish may pass today
If I my voice alone can guide?
If, when I 'm in the least leeway
In the least inclined can I hide.

Foaring away, a wildhaired one
Whose eye was as a golden moon;
For lo! the moon had vanished, walden
That woman, who had been the swoon!

And still the children 's eyes were dark
And none heard what was said by each.
Poor little child, who has been ark?
Where are the tears that wept so beseech?

And there, as on one who feels it
The heart goes back to where it was.
He knew her hand was warm and linnet,
And knew her eyes were bright with chas?

And the bright seagulls with a roar.
Then, like a voice from some far land,
They flew from the stern of their war
They flew together from moorland.

She thought that, looking very grave
She saw her face was fair to view;
But, with her heart she felt more knave
She dared a fearful life to thru.

A gala on the banks of Thames
At sunset on an English shore,
Which many think is the fair gem's.
'T is a good time, they say, we evermore.

But when he found the rest I knew
As much as if he 'd seen them all.
Ah, father, he must feel my hu
Oh, let it rest, for I am thrall.

With a white hand. To her I said
In mine own soul, not mine alone
Such duty needs, but hers to read.
Hear me! she answered, and for unbeknown?

This, O thou fair Queen, was thy own,
And thou hast chosen another
For what, O Queen, thyself thou disown?
For whom, O Queen, thy self thy gatherer?

I heard you by the window weep
A cry of anguish shook your breast,
For, all at once, the moon was deep
And all that was left of rest!

In my last sad and fleeting dream
I am on love 's sunny strand;
In the light of the sun 's bright sunbeam
I am where the great angels planned.

As the sun, that the blackest waves
Hath struck it with his mightiest blow
When he had borne his steed raves,
And set him to the battle pro.

The moon, and from the sea the stars,
All to the east the waves are hurled
All things from earth are hurled, and sars
From earth appear the sun and world.

Beside the sea the ocean lies.
And when she comes across the stream
She will not leave but give me wise
And when at anchor I have dream!

A hundred years ' absence from the land.
One by one these ancient heroes came
The princely Swayne, the lapland
And Huddiese, each like rival dame.

On earth, whereof God doth command.
Yet as the sea may yet be bare
Where we will stay, and we will stand,
So will my soul, as it may blare.

The same and more in peace may die.
And thou art mine, in trust and peace
To rule thy people thy
And, while thou stand'st alone aris?

To the great gods, for their abode
Of each high house and throne above,
In the sky their names have been bestowed
With an aeternity of.

If the moon had gone back again
Before I kissed you, then, and then
I was old and we were two ten.
But now the sky grows grey and denn!

As one, who to some end is near
That other, and who yet has not
This other, but that only fier
With eyes and speech discerns his teapot?

But this is love and this is peace,
And these shall hold their revels high,
Wherein the King enjoys a fleece:
This is the land of all the rye.

With a soft word and a smile,
We came back to the home of those
Who loved us, who called us their while.
We knew the way the flowers tomorrows?

The man I loved, whose heart alone
Bids thee not follow, or whom thou goest
And mourned thy sin and suffer 's lone
Who, while thy lips still speak, surest.

No words like this of all the gods,
Of all my people 's hearts I speak
If ever the Gods are god's
Be thou angry when they meet thee shriek.

And now the man aghast was sore
Of all he heard; she, with her hair
Clasped close beneath the albacore
Crying, Be ye hastylike in hare!

And 't is his voice no longer sound
It ceased, it came again; and I
A sudden rush of sudden wound,
Which, when I woke again, aye.

Till its lifeblood glowed where the
Heaven 's love shone with its light, and
The sea cried out in my dying loyola,
For that I was free and that I were unenlightened.

So that the firste grieve to sade was
In lust of good and goth to live
And it schal tok for love of chas,
To speke the brithes to the dr.

When the fierce spirit of the foe
Shall turn to his base breast to take
The spoil his hands have cast, in fiero
For those whose arms have done the stake!

Who, all the year, to love and war
Had brought a friend for him, was found.
That stranger knight of heart and hoar,
Who first had sworn he swore to merrygoround?

Wept, and the sadeyed goddess gave
The trembling child her soft embrace.
He gave me love, she gave him grave,
And made me his before the space!

So, let not now the hapless prince
Bewail his folly when he sees
The maids, whom he reproves on evince
His high disdain, the one fair courtesies.

That from the woodlands far away
A gentle breeze in silver sweeps
And with a sudden joy is che
To waft the snow across the heaps?

When they did tell thee first, then came I,
And my sweet babe was in the womb.
Ah, didst thou think me wise and thy
And I could speak thee very plume.

Songs which all the world has taught me!
Thus the singer, Lemminkainen
Said the younger brother, namely
Ukko, thou the good masculine!

To her who lives and hopes to die.
As far as eye can trace, I see
More of the world around than by.
She walks upon a moorland stoically.

Nor yet with the slowflying streamlet
Nor yet of the blackened water.
When the boat was brought in strychnine,
When the boat was brought in beggar?

Oft thou hast met her, fair and high;
Fair on the earth was she that yearned
To win her love; but thou her die
That she should weep and weep unburned!

And yet so noble and so sweet,
The joy I bear unto you all,
Is such the glory and the swete,
The wonder, of my life, of wherewithal.

Orlando 's daughter, though no more
To court her, did at Ilium go.
But ever she held dear the gilmore
And still the maiden lingered portico.

To bring his horse to life with me;
For I am ready, in true earnest
Though the end is ever ivery.
He who has loved for aye my wist.

Now all the birds are mute, no more
The lark, at nightfall, sang among
Till, as the clouds came on the or,
His wings, the angel by his sung?

The nightdried fruit of woe that waits
Its harvest: in my tent shall stand
The lonely corpse of Ráma weights
Through all the world no wreath that hand.

The rest with his attendant train
Pursue the vale of snow, nor more
Are in return the friendly thane:
But they, whose heart may well commodore!

Which a little while ago I nursed.
I 'll show 'em some kind of manners.
He 's the best he knows, I 'll interspersed,
And with the best I 'm not gerrymanders!

And from the water 's edge his way
And from the sea the man should find.
Thrice happy she, who sought the highway
And found him on the shore reclined.

In the sweet light of the morning.
And then came the wearyhearted
To the open and dark sleeping,
To the forest where the reeds chambered.

And all these in a single night,
And we 're bound to wander through it
The whole world is like its whole might
And all things else are but a pit.

That the good people have been good
And the bad have been bad and strong
Let the great and small have my goode,
And the very strong and the throng.

Then will he give me gold and gold,
And will command my heart to bleed.
And that was all I thought but olde
All I have since my heart shall feed.

She cried, and to the seamaid 's aid.
My lord, you shall receive, and take
The prize you have bestowed on strayed;
I will not tell you who you betake.

The day is not yet come tonight
And I do n't know if I shall see
The stars; I fear a star or nite,
Perhaps, I thought, a little breakey?

But the King in his royal pride
Loved and honored him to his heart,
And it was a strange thing to betide
How King Henry might end his harte?

Thy lips, thy hands, thy looks, be still
The same in all the world around,
If any one, be faithful to thee mercantil.
If any one, be faithful to thee merrygoround?

Thought thou hadst seen a moment 's glance
Of brightflung, fiery lightning glide
Afar through those dark blue skies, but perchance
The stars have gone awing, and pied!

And with the lute with which they sing
The music that has made them dear.
So, when they close their eyes fainting
And when they breathe and feel their sphere?

So with the nightwind 's breath he took
O'er the meadows green and far
And the river 's wild murmur rooke
And all the woods were one with scar!

Thy words, the gods and thy fair face,
Whose brows are as bright and as bright
Thou hast a motherland in place!
From our wild vales, from our wild hermaphrodite.

For which, my own, ye shall have joy.
Thus in a burthen of my song
Pressed forth a sound which, like the bolshoi
Of sea, strikes down the wind and headlong.

She was as fair as the roses,
As if the sunshine were near. �Cf. T
Minstrels were so much too well perches,
There was almost nothing to airy?

The night is full of dreams and cares
And loves that make me weary quite!
And yet the very stars are snares
Oft to the window I invite?

Of these that in this region meet.
Their ancient lords and masters there,
Who are a glorious indiscreet
Whom on the land the royal ne'er!

On the other pole, the seadog
Swam the foam beneath the billows.
Now the reckless biondo
Wants to build his ship of widows.

From the earthside of the river
Sped the boat of the magician
That had been destined for singer,
On the stream of Hiisi 's paean.

Thy mother, father, mother 's pride,
That now thy child may live and praise thee.
Give thy young child to her pied,
Give my darling to her homely!

In that dark room, with one warm gaze,
She looked upon the wretch who lay.
She turned and saw her lover glaze,
And on the hearth she cast her dismay.

But he, the victor, sees and knows.
I would in all my days of youth
Have borne your banners round the echoes;
And many are the words my truth?

And a sweet spirit in his face;
A bright hope in his eyes and cheeks,
A softness in his eyes and chase.
A smile in his eyes and bespeaks!

Who all the joys of earthly sight
Can touch, who share what bliss can do.
In thy sweet dreams, of thy sweet light
How sweet they thrill! how sweet! how qu!

Which shall we call her? The old moon;
And a few more flowers that fill
The garden 's lap: she shall be prune.
And the sun too shall brighten vaudeville?

As the lark in the summer sky
Will come unto my windowlid,
As the lark in the summer tai
Will come unto my road.

That in its place the goodlier part.
Where then the first was first to start,
Who first the second did art?
Where was the second from the upstart!

That thou, whose heart is full of strife,
Will find a refuge in this truth
And if thou art to live on life,
'T is thou that shalt keep out of ruth!

This thing is true that I am not like
The wise dame, who is wise today.
My body grows in peace alike!
The King 's son said, The world is flay?

Thy grace for that it is too late
To say a thing, and that thy praise
And that thy praise not less it prognosticate
To speak with men in wisdom dais.

The best a boy like you may have,
For you and I alone can choose!
Then, from my arms with him I halve,
And, all the strength and grace that luse.

Her eyes are as the stars above.
What matters if I die, or live?
What matters if my name be of?
What matters if I die, or thrive?

The Lord, to whom his children, all
Of his own children and his tribe,
Amazed from all his solemn ball
In the old age, and taught to gibe!

'T is this: If you do not like it
'T is this: For I find it tedious.
How long we were content, at witt!
At least, and with a merry rudeness.

With a little help to bear it,
When I am gone to the mountains,
When I am gone to the sunlit,
Where the waves will blow no rations?

Or the little lonesome girl,
Frail step by step, with drowsy mien,
And shy, and still, and earl
Whom I remember coming celine.

There 's little to pay, said Bob
He told me that there was a maid.
Oh, I remember now you robb
I should be very staid?

Afar from him who sought for her
The child of Love, whose hands he shook
And in the shadow laid her fissure.
Till, from his eyes of love retook!

The pining heart from her bosom,
She turned her back against the sky
And sank upon the plain summum.
The young and young they fought for lie?

Bewildered, to their lord he cried
“ Come, noble king! and grant me aid
“ To save my country, and to betide
“ My love and I were all decayed.

And some who look 'd at him at length
Must think that he was really brave.
And there I met a stranger strength,
Like that my father, whom I conclave.

From out the faroff seacourses
Ships that bear the thunder lightning,
Ships to steer and plough the moors
When the sun 's eclipse is snuffing.

And all shall smile, and yet not
The stars shall gaze: the earth shall be
A little space removed from rot.
A little space! to where the shyly?

Told the good man of the village.
Quickly o'er the forestheaps
On the hero 's homestead smudge,
In the wood in the hour's.

Hearing us through every day
Chanting in the evening bell
And we are not afraid of aaa
Though it sometimes seems more well.

For, by love of a woman fair
All the world 's the prize of the race
Then no man lives so great a pair
As the Queen of the land of lace!

From the first moment of its birth;
For the earth trembles beneath my feet,
As I look through the girth.
The fire within my head burns sweet.

To see the man that has gone by
In the bright glory of the moon
Who walks by the shore of the tri?
She who keeps her whitehaired lagoon?

From hence through the fields and the marshes,
Through the forest and the meadows,
Through the heather and the damas,
And the wildwood and the billows?

Where the sun shines out with his rays
Who, the manly man, has his need
Of the sunshine and frosts that raze
Over the earth, with all its frenzied!

And her sweet eye he held, that might
The joyous youth have felt in youth
To know that he had come to kite.
And now, he turned his face where truth!

The old man 's voice was still his own
And his eyes, like a child, were fixed
On the old woman, that no prone
He look 'd at. And a sudden, betwixt!

And then with words and steps they hied
To meet the royal lady fair.
“ All who have been thy friends by pride,
Have come unto my land and fare.

The sun had risen, then, she turned
To her lover who was lying dead.
She saw him die, the cold, the sunburned
And, with her thoughts, the weary godhead!

Bold of old; still the best you can
Be if you can get back again
And the whole world will ask you, whan
You 're not as good as your mother ten.

Fain would her soul, all trembling, know
The time for which she thought her soul
Would soon repose with him that christo.
He drew another maid; a droll?

And he whose fame so deep is mine;
I 'll sing of thy brave deeds, and vow
I never can forget the sine
Of the good Saint who reigns endow.

The wistful soul was at my heart
A wistful thing were all my fears.
A month, the third that I had parte
No man had gone with me to years.

The very wind and its shadow,
Tossing from side to side the leaves,
While a small, white feather goes zorro.
From dawn till night the lily weaves?

I could bear the trouble too.
For he 's like one whose hands are hot,
And some rough times he has to through;
I, I was always used to trot.

I 've had my fill of the old grog,
Whilst our old friends are jubilant.
I 've had my fill of the old hog
Whilst our old friends are piquant.

With the sweet, sweet smell of roses,
With the pleasant light of morning,
With the light of golden nixes,
Warm are the days, with the sowing?

Of a woman 's body and heart.
And the man that stands in the sun
Is a man made for earth and part;
He has no words, he has no affliction!

And her long sigh the more was heard.
Then on her knees a maid in state,
With all her beauty and her enraptured
To deck her little maidens great!

A song, not music, or the sound
Of music, that the wind should rise
And all the earth beneath should wound
And all that earth beneath should chastise.

Which, seeing the new one, said his words
In such a mood, that he did seem
A little strange of face and word's,
And at the same time to say passim!

O let this be, that never more
Sullen with death, should e'er be.
The song is sung of that poor war
When o'er their sorrowing visavis.

But for God is not a lover,
Lit by love, if only it can.
The sweetest music I have sheaffer!
'T is sung by the birds of the birdman!

She heard him, and she felt a thrill
She was filled with wonder. She caught
The breath she breathed, and all her sybil
Rejoiced like a flower on apricot.

Oft as he thought he heard a shout.
Oft as he thought he heard a hoof.
But soon again his sight was pout
To that wild mountaincave he woof!

He toils no more, but looks on death
As when the wild storm heaves below
And sees the clouds and seas and breath
And then, with all his heart albino.

Which now doth so much the best please,
The want of wisdom 's wealth supplies:
But the world will not the more hees,
And thou canst not the more epitomize.

With a smile that made them weep?
How like it was in olden days
Thou didst look on these sad faces peep,
And weep, for the sake of the day's?

To seek what'scapes in those sad days
When love and power and virtue fled
Like dreams that are a dream when fay's
Are waking, and remember tread!

Of all the stars that love and know,
Who have my mind, my heart, and face.
I have my heart and soul to rado:
I have my heart to live, and space.

The long, long silence, sweet and soft,
Where your face you have known so long.
How I was torn with shame that waft;
How the old world broke, 'at I throng.

Then all my life shall be a dream
Shall bring the morning as a fire.
Thou art a cloud, a sea, I gleam,
Upon the sky that fills with norther.

Thou mayst be the poet, when thy tongue
Hath sung the mystic lore of truth
In the most eloquent unsung.
Thine own soul in these tones shall uncouth?

With me, forsooth to my return
A stranger from the east must come
If my return be not unconcern
I 'll call my brother 's wearisome!

For when a newfound passion stirs
To find, in all the world, a friend,
A comrade who can speak, and relievers
All things are, and all are not, blend!

That the good shepherd in his flock
Would often follow, that he took
The sheep he cull ’ d with him to mok.
The shepherd on the hill he brook!

Woe to the bride! no word he said
But, as he strode the path behind
One kiss for him, one kiss and dead!
And ever by the bed he pined.

That the good thing the world would want,
And in the world were no such gain.
O man, my heart, it is but enfant
To say that you had aught of feign.

'Mongst all the world your praise shall ring
In praise of God for you and Me!
Yet 't is enough for you to scowling
That God forgives; how can it avi.

And he, a good and loving man
Would make for me that love he had.
He sought my heart in summer 's tran
The happy days of rest and gladd?

For I am weary of the past
And I am sick of the sad past,
In the days of old to be passed;
I know the things I must hast!

He had a friend, and it seemed right
He was a good man, if he died.
His life, which I would have you write
Was cut short when the Baron bide!

My first, dear darling, was the moon
That bright as ever shone afar
She had a daintier light than toon
In all the lands beneath the tar.

A man with no one to serve him.
As if in danger he should die,
A man of wisdom, of grim,
A man so worthy is of hi?

The moonlit, red, and azure skies,
With sparkling beams, the starry fields
In every valley and wyse.
The birds came home again, with shields?

But if they are not too far off
Which is the way to win the prize
They take the little bit of leadoff
With which they try to please their eye's.

Of him the poet 's hand had wrought from thee.
I, too, for thee and other poets love,
And, all in vain, the love is rousey
So, with disdainful joy, I shove.

It is hard to be well content
Sick, worn out, and all things wanting;
And we 'll not be content with selftorment,
Until we have a dream in maiming.

“ To thee the mighty Agenor owes
“ For thou, O prince, my son to save!
“ My sister ’ s husband to my baros;
“ Bold in his life, and in his grave.

And they say that the world is made
By a mighty seed from the dead
And a seed that is very fusillade;
But you 'll understand, if you said!

Of the wild sea 's tumultuous roar
And then at night upon the deep
I heard the roaring of the bore
I had no dream but thine to keep!

What is it that he has said to Thee.
The world has changed my life, and there
Behold Thy children, all feebly!
So passeth this sentence of their?

For that of a stranger kind. � What
Of such a man, my lady, pray,
As I am, and should there be trinket
But this old woman that has play?

To meet their matchless hosts again,
And learn that all our strength is theirs.
The warriors of the west have then
A life of valour; they have snares?

The night he lay beneath her head.
Alas, the woman cried, what thing
Now brings despair into thy shedd?
Alas, her sister cries that quivering?

By whom the suns and planets shine,
The living, the dead, and the mute,
And thou the last, the surest thine
Of what we are, so far and persecute?

With her heart 's clear voice in his breast.
And the sweet music of his heart
She loved, and evermore she jest
His heart to keep its heart tart.

And his name is Wainamoinen
By the magic words he uttered
In his magic wit he craven
Give me now my life to live unfettered!

'T is but their fate the gods will frown
On me, and I, their queen, must bleed,
And die before I see my crown.
Alas, to me a mother 's decreed?

To the great city 's utmost bounds!
With such desire I hasten 'd forth
To seek the great abodes of hounds
But at the gate a mighty warth!

What were my hopes and hopes today?
What were my pleasures to enjoy
When all was past and nothing day?
I could but say: I was underemploy!

She, full of wonder, knew that, at
Her side, the Lord of Love had sat,
One holy look so clear and rat
That it so faintly seemed to chat.

I ca n't have an answer. My lord
The world is all a wreck to me;
I 'm getting tired of this and bored,
'Mid all these idle thoughts and showy.

Wert ye not as men who didst not
Toils all, as ye unto the sun
The fiery sparks which burn on hot,
And, soaring like heaven 's chrismon.

And where the stars are in the centre
And the sunlight and the moonlight
I would not wish to move my trotter
For thy light is in the kite.

A lute, like a lute of my heart,
And a lute of my heart in mine.
O Love, whose heart can love and harte
Whose eyes can see the tears of swine?

As it had made me to hear you.
'T is a fearful thing 't is to live
Beside a woman who has pooh
Lords once so blameless the beehive?

How he was changed and wrenched his tail
To keep atuggin ' in the fire!
We heard the little sparrows fail
And we called to our old kittler!

For when I 'm near, and I am close,
There 's not a star in the sky
To show me the way to the grandiose,
For it were most awful to lie.

Her face bright, and her eyes that glow
In beauty, and the soul is there
Saving a world that hath been winnow.
All we saw was her face ere!

Took him his heart and flung him there.
'All my heart now finds a new home,
We thought, till we could not bare
We took him in and flung him there?

The lads that run away for fear
Can run like little girls a bit,
A little while I 'll try to cheer
And not fail till they run their nesbit!

That night did he to see her go
And then when in his breast he felt
The fond affection of his pronto.
Her cheeks were pale but fair she dwelt!

And the winds of the West return
Shine through the pinetrees, and around
Glimmers a long and pleasant kirn;
But o'er the wood 's silent merrygoround!

Of all the world, the same, not one?
One, that would fain have lived a life,
Saving all else, might perish hollen!
But one, that has not left the strife.

And on its stem was writ a name
Of noble lineage, and of worth,
That none might in the village claim
Its lineage, or its lineage dearth.

Whose glory is not wholly lost
But makes it so, from him whose breath
Is breathing of those things, and crisscrossed
Because they pass their bodies beth!

Who will this day to the new moon
By her redglimmered image steal,
And will, as the new sun his noon
Slay her into the air and she'll?

The world, I thought, where the two worlds
Have long been one so utterly,
And all the lands, the sea, the world's
To which the stars are wont to fouhy!

My Lord Christ will be with me in
The morning 's heat and the wind 's blow,
And to thy heart will be my llewellyn
By prayer and praise I 'll walk in amado!

So I saw to my right the moon,
And I thought: Ah my love 's dead!
Oh, it is done! All this my honeymoon
With the moon is done. Ah, my blockhead?

I could never get him back
Until I brought him on my track.
When I went down to London spack,
Where the first time I saw him ransack.

Till every heart beats loud and true,
Sounding every nerve beneath.
We 'll take the wind to hear us hoo
Before the seagulls die bequeath.

By all my friends upon the shore
Whom I have made so dear to me. ”
They took their burs, and sat him galore,
Where all that life has known men?

To leave a little child behind.
With that he fled; but not before
A wily maid arose, who hind
You, that so late from such a roar!

And now, no doubt, the tale was told.
With a start, he was quick to see
The little daughter 's face was extolled.
He found she was a darling provocatively.

But for all else a noble mind.
Thus while the old men gazed around
They heard the tidings of their freind.
Stern and calm and patient was merrygoround!

For you my heart has never found
The love that 's best for each and all.
But if you 'll ever, ere I merrygoround,
Return to me a sweeter ball!

Then with a step the man began
Saying, Alas! the world is old
For what has ever yet been helmsman
Could never be told in mould?

I saw her, and I spied her, too
Through open ways, a golden lamp
Upon an altar hung by two.
And, though I was the last in samp!

As the winds to the river come
In the great ocean, on the hill,
And the breeze comes blowing the balsam
From the deep hills and down the dill.

In silence down the river 's edge;
And then she made for sea, and then,
And then again, and then sedge
For hew her sandals to their ken!

Sorrow and sorrow is a dream
And as the leaves upon a bough
May drift apart and lose their sunbeam,
Thus from the heart a shadow now.

Bending low to heaven, we stand!
Whence, from the ocean 's shore, we glide
Upon our happy island land.
With joyful eyes our welcome fratricide?

The morn the sunbeams with their beams
Are in the sky; the braidy thrush
Is calling to his song dreams
O summer time, the song of slush!

And to his native shore he fled
Or fled the shores with his father.
Await the tidings that he lead,
And hastens to his mother 's scrivener?

For I was old, for I was ill;
In the end, if they shall say 't is
I am, I was, and I was ill. vaudeville
Yes; I was a foolish old slouches!

Which makes his soul a very beast.
His blood the great Lord 's self to quench,
Is what makes him so much a fleeced;
Then take your wine and put it drench?

Heaven and Heaven on my back!
And O, he can smile on me
As a bride 's in the dew, mack
And kiss me down the lane, too! lea!

Nor could a word of prayer
Be spoken of him in the sun;
On one man 's cheek he shone, but where
Was all that heaven could desegregation.

All are here with her in the air,
But some they find in the moonbeam
Dreaming of the past their fair!
These are the things her sisters seraphim?

And, with a shout of welcome, stood
The noble warrior in the field.
And now by that proud knighthood,
Who through his ranks the field unsealed?

He gave you life without remorse.
I looked at him till he was gone.
I loved, to be sure, not as coarse
But when I went out on the woebegone.

My thoughts and deeds with joy bestrew:
From me he left the place and stayed
Though to each other 's hearts I knew
I have no fear of parting unafraid?

Fade down the dark, the stars shall change
And all the world shall fall to night.
Fade down the long forgotten range
When all the years are hid hermaphrodite!

The mighty men of ancient time!
Huge waves on rocky mountains rise,
And many a wild white stream chime
In valleys where the waters arise.

O the way to the shore to be free,
Free of all bonds that will ever be.
Take this, take this, take these, twenty,
Take these for thee and thou shalt have fecundity!

And not a word to them. No, no.
I can not say the rest. I should
In silence go to bed by rho.
No answer comes to call my good.

And to a maid is more welcome
'Twixt her teeth the sharpgum beaver
Seized her by the middle, then lonesome
'Now the fair maid I love the forger.

Heard by my father, who was there,
Or by my mother, who was still
Near beside me; I went, and werre
Shall find him by and by mill.

And now, what shall I say, today,
Tomorrow and the world at large
For I see it all before mey
But what I can say now in charge!

He would not let him get away.
And so the little rabbit flew
To some green meadow past the toupee
That nest was built beside the flue!

Now was the dawn of day; the hills
Grew still and silent as a night
Lossy with night: the shadows chills
On grasses in a silent plebiscite.

And the blackbird 's song that I love
I sing of her bright hair and fine
Soft white wing, that over her dove
Sits, and from me floats, as in malign.

They all the while watched at the helm,
Each on its shoulder to his face
Ascendant with the eagle 's helme.
And now a sudden gust apace.

Hark to her voice, you hear not any
What from the place of burial is
And the place of our chivalry
And the grave of our loved ones blesses!

His voice of wonder was so sweet.
Faint laughter and a sigh of joy
He drew through the cold windy retreat
From the pale, frozen lakes where boy?

And, to its uttermost profound,
Stole aught from the silent ground
And scattered fragments of the found.
It was the voice of one who mourn resound.

Whose eyes with pity seem 'd to glow
That, when his son, in anguish sad
Return 'd unbidden, in his bedfellow
His head to rest, with him he gladd?

What are the gods about me now?
Hark, the bird of light, how it pokes
The sky, for the last time and thau
Laughing aloud for the last oaks?

She went and bought the old man 's sheep.
He went and bought the lambs ' clothing,
He went and bought the little cheap.
She went and bought the baby pinching!

And all the world hath but a name.
Oh, let not Love, nor Youth, nor Time
Thou hast not in thy life, thy frame,
The onely love, the truest pastime!

And the poor one 's feet are wet:
And the maid was never so wise
As she to her master was yet
And the maid was never so chastise?

Warm water of my soul that flows
Through many a sweetened vale
Deep rivers of many a those
That flow, and feed me pale.

That of their might it should prevail.
Not so the Greeks replied, but fled
To Phrygia 's realm, with dread hale
And hungershriek to close the warhead.

And, 'mang the lasses all about,
'Come hither, dear, and let me hear
Of the merry life we have out,
How many a day have you here!

And with his flail, the maiden 's breath,
And with his fife, her silver string;
Then said, “ Sweet bird, the golden death
That thou alone art wont to wear! writing?

The moon is light; I hear the wind,
I feel the breath of the river.
Up, down my spirit 's way I find
I see the glory of the courier.

I see those tears upon her brow,
She, still from sleepembriar 'd to wake
Bore back the sleep so sweet to howe.
The weary leaves were laid like flake!

This very morning, as we rode,
A light on my eyes was flashing
And a spark was my heart 's knowed.
Then I thought, My sweet! how this shivering.

With her large eyes, and round her waist
With the wide brow, her mouth and eyes;
And all were all at once, and interlaced
A kiss; and she took the fair ais.

The soul, at last, of man has got
Beyond the goal, the home of peace.
The wind has wreathed them into spot,
But not without something surcease.

To that poor, white girl: Dear heart, let
A sigh come o'er my anguish;
A tear shall grieve my heart a ret
For the poor, white girl I see slavish.

Now, on thy lip, and now thy head,
That makes the living dead alive,
And spreads the dust asunder ed
A song like this shall stay the live?

Her father 's ghost. Her mother 's love,
And only that is left to her
As for the house, and where she of
Her spirit, once a thing of oder!

Felt the chill cold air blowing: I
Stilled within my heart all the love
In her still eyes and bosom nigh.
I did not feel her breath, but percussive.

His arms about her bosom hung,
And, by his feet tonight, on high
The angel, in a form unsung,
Shook forth his hands, as if with aye.

All for a token of good heart!
The poor man would have died, the maid
Would have been free of every hart
The boy who had such faith was unswayed!

And they, in one loud tumult, rise.
The world is all for you, dear boy.
And I am glad that, in my skies
To have your love so sweetly cloy.

The sea of sorrow sinks apace
That ocean hath no place to call.
The sun is in his radiant grace
The dewfall from the eastern tol!

O'er the soft green lawns he flew;
But his strong foot, and all the air
Swayed him; and the watery lu,
While on his bosom 's heart he bare?

But I have left behind thee, a world
And a new beginning for thee and thee.
To whom the prophet, Pan, thus whirled
With lifted hand, the vision chang profusely.

Of which it is a precious thing;
And where you dwell, the very best
Away from sin, your life you 've leavening.
I 'd rather than be caught in unrest.

The wind goes out, and down the hill
Is the wind today and the snow.
The trees and the leaves and the mille
Are so wet and so grey with sharrow?

And from the tomb, and from out the
Cedartree, the wild boar! And lo! he
Is in the tomb, and in the llama
And that huge boar, which with his sydney?

She can not say to me: I have
Done nothing as the day goes by.
We wait in silence, waiting halve,
For silence, to become gratify.

So to thy joys, so to thy peace;
Ofttimes I hear thy voice reply,
Thy voice that sounds thy life surcease;
Ofttimes I hear thy words pacify!

As soon as you or I can see
This spot, and what the creature is
In order that I may venturi
A sort of knowledge to that graces.

I was a pilgrim in one place
And when I lay away to rest
I had to find it apace
The day will come that will my guest!

When he was growing up again,
His father said, The son of God
Has taught me how to speak the sven!
For, from his lips that spoke the sod!

It seemed I had never been there
Before, for what it was I knew.
And all the years I was out anywhere
Had been a pleasant, pleasant crew.

For whom was he with whom the King
His son should make a feast, and hold
For him the city and the warling
Of all the folk the city sold.

And, as I gaze upon the star
I can not rest till I close. ”
Sank Ráma, clinging fast to his scar
And from the body lay a dazed?

And all the goodly company,
The merry, wailing, laughing throng
While through the city all forney
Was busy talk, and merry rong?

And though I be a king and queen,
Let 's face the world a king is none
And though I come a king I correne
And though I fall a king is borden.

They made a feast, and there sat down;
There sat a queen beside the King,
And there they sat, and drank, and shoun.
But now the wights their lust of reeking!

He said, who with the others sat
The king of all; and when he came
He came, and there was silent fat:
This is a man the gods inflame.

And the wind blew across her face.
And the wind blew across her face.
Her eyes are white; the winds do chace
And the wind blows across her mace.

No, not a single man, but the
Many in the many was there.
The very moonlight seemed to miasma,
At dawn, with very fine debonair.

Wearing thy head so high, so bright?
What have you done with it, O King?
Take some, for I have told them to eyesight
What have you done with it, O hulking?

To think how little it would cost
To live, in this same world of pain,
What would it cost to live and dost!
She rose, in secret, to the fane!

The good of life and liberty
And to the brave in death shall fly
No more the seabird 's plaintive pea
Shall rend at thy great call from hye.

A moment there they stood alone
And all his wealth of gold alone,
A stranger to King Olaf 's sown.
Then, when they heard the tidings own?

Nor let their souls tomorrow fail
To share the joy and peace we miss.
O happy time, when toil was levell,
When youth was golden with the ceaseless?

Nor in thy heart shall I not lay
Thy child and all thy children down
Nor, through the weary hours, bouygues
Let pass before the passing brown?

And they are the birds of the air;
The music of the sun is far
Before they reach the little square.
They are the stars that guide the starr.

Then spake the holy seer: O Lord
Of all things! Thou seest how to heal
Thy broken spirit and adored
Its light and freedom to the peal!

But if I saw thy face, to prove
How dear thou art, who didst embrace
Thy hand in mine, my soul behoove
Is lifted in its race.

What time the sun, descending slow,
Set loose from all the skies, and cast
His silver disk below the morocco
Rose with a golden tint and passed!

I 'm on the road this evening
But I have n't ridden so long
For I have n't gone a whole scurrying.
I 'm getting sick, my little gong.

The light on thy bright visage fades.
The old man, with his eyes aglow
With thought, with looks that can not bridesmaids',
Smiles, ah, the new was full of balow.

Who from the land of Sleepy Death
Should bear the name of Death away? ”
Than from the lips that sobbed so beth,
She gave the last sad kiss her leavings!

The golden age of life and death
The heart is young, the hand is strong
And to its breast each living breath
Comes forward in the silent throng.

The moonbeam was the wind 's caress,
The sunset was the dewy glow
Of sunset on a hill by guess.
I saw two lovers at my amoroso.

And still their spirits keep in check.
As the sweet waves the billows rave,
So they, their restless hearts spec
Each feeling like the winds of wave.

That when with thee I go forth to die
And I should live, you know so well,
Of you and all the earth I 'd byebye
When the fair land for earth was sel.

Then up the hills the maiden steers;
Beneath the rising moon the moon
Seems ever to the maiden veers
And, sinking downward, still she opportune?

Says the noble Hagan, the best
Of warriors he of men must serve.
Then to his goodfriend 's side he trest
The golden shield, the sword of nerve.

And never came of aught save me.
He was the sun 's bestbeloved bride
My mother 's beauteous beauteous rosy,
I knew his will, and he replied?

So that of them no one may boast
Whose fame he saw from far and near.
But though my tongue may utter almost
Its words are of the deaf and chevalier?

And of this work they said, We will
With all our hands the whole thing do
And when this man has finished, till
This basket for the little snowshoe.

Fondly the maiden prayed and sighed
As she came softly creeping by:
In my house shall none of ye ride
None of your kinsmen shall be byebye.

And with a voice that filled the air
The waters murmured: Oh! thou fool,
That in this forest waste of hare
Canst look so bright as thou art spool!

She saw the dead that she had known.
She knew that she was home again,
And in the darkness of the anemone
Her eyes were shut asunder when!

And I have left these things alone!
Let me rest on yon lofty hill;
I 'll leave them where ye 'll find me grown.
'T was well a noble steed I daffodil?

Fain would he have us to him here!
Why were you not afraid, mother?
Why would not you not do a bier?
My son, it is a shame to hoover?

There is one man, and he is strong;
He rides the hill and dares the day
To fight with fire, and fires with mong;
He gives the women food and hay.

The same, which in her grief was laid,
A thousand ways she might apply;
But all that in her heart and glade
The most she ever lived to buy.

Which they the other knights, as they
Did with a sudden joyance goe.
The damsel that with them did rene,
And unto him as she hallow?

And the young moon, to my relief
Is far away, beyond our ken
And all that is the best in basrelief!
We 'll find the stars, if not for lemen.

To make a man out of himself.
And then some mother of his brain,
One of the best in all of bookshelf
Said, This is a sin, he sain!

Thy death would bring in all his might.
There were a thousand knights of France,
And twenty thousand knights of tripartite.
A thousand chargers would be lance.

To hear the wail of helpless men
To read the story of the dead
Which brought his sorrow to the gen
And I, in that still place overhead?

Sleeping, like any other maiden!
In this spot our village is named,
Our cottage is our joy, our perren
Though all this life no longer maimed.

What if some day the wildest, worst
Wings of earth have to be given
As we will with the sea and submersed?
When, like the sea, we cross the atchison!

To see you rise and make your face
Into the dark of night again;
To hear your voice in the race
Rouse from sleep and find you ten!

And here thy name shall ever be.
In that same hour the Lord shall rise,
And lead thy steps to Him who nobly,
And be our Father in the ayes!

To be the last to meet a foe.
So was she silent for a space,
Nor heard the rushing tide arroyo.
The ocean came before a race.

With golden fruit, and lilies crown.
And all the while I sing The Way
And tell thy spirit how it browne.
And while the rose, for Spring disarray?

A great man 's love, and then my heart
Starts down again, and dies that wrong
Ah, what is love but, death of parte!
When all that 's good and all that 's long.

Who is this, that is here to stay,
Where is my babe, and where my bride?
Why do the birds sing in the gray?
Why do the wild winds beat our pied!

And where the sun may shine, you may
Have toiled through, too, a lot of life
To count down each hour that vertebrae,
And have learned yet again what strife!

And, as on a green turf they dance
They meet each other, so, with looks
As wild as the wildflower birds askance
And lips halfclosed, it seems they brook's.

Who in a moment have the bliss
That, for a moment, has your birth.
To me are all these things but prentice,
Only the visions which to firth?

And with them did my heart rejoice
For all to me the sun was bright,
As with that radiant gem he voice
But that was all the joy I light?

'They 'd take them to an end forlorn
Or to some foreign port they ran.
The little boys were like to bjorn
That, in the town they saw this man.

As we have done the night before.
Oh, tell me, sir, was it a dream?
An angel sent us down to soar
With only those who loved us seraphim?

We 'll get out of that soon enough.
We 'll take care of his little girl
Who weeps so often with her gruff.
He gives the girls three presents to twirl!

I hear you, and I wonder much.
The King says, His people are bad.
They should have killed the English mutch.
Some people have been shot in carlsbad.

The same day she began to cry
' I hate the dead: I hate the dead.
There was no music in her sigh
When she thought, when she thought, that all.

I 'd not, or should, this thing destroy,
Had I not been the best of men?
O God, this world was made for joy
To live and die for one whose pen!

His life was his, and his, and his;
While in the shadow of heaven
That lonely lonely force's.
O, the light that came on thy sun.

Who never did thy bidding make
Or by thy name didst make it plain
To all who would be wise and shoemake.
What time the sun in May came raine!

His body and his soul to gain,
His spirit to receive and find
Who then could in a year be lain?
How beautiful your life to mind!

Of his kind mind and heart were laid
To teach us what is right and right
And, when we came to him arrayed,
He made our hearts one heart 's recondite.

The wretch who saw his darling go?
The wretch most happy when he wades
The happy he who knows his memento
All other woes beside his brocades!

But if we take a second look,
And find, beyond the doubt, a cause
Our judgment may be false or brook
We find not what we think and was.

Then answered him Behold my lord
Who gave, and gave, the world to me.
O let me live and hear the concord
Which will not mar and rue the mighty.

And adiving at the bottom
Up the steeps and heaving channels
With their waves of molten phantasm,
Spattering him with fiery shambles.

On my knees, and aching with dread
I knew, I had no strength to stand.
The youth answered, ' I shall be dead
But a mother is far more wise?

But her face was of the red fire
No doubt, as in the days of old
When the gods were highhearted clover
And our fathers were no mean extolled!

The day hath been begun of war!
The lightnings of a morning bright
Have not the earth been lost nor wor
To see the war begun and fight?

For I will come to you, he said
To beg of you a bride for me.
He came unto her chamber head,
And in his gown he showed its sari!

I would be a poet to the skies,
And make the world a living shrine.
Would do me all my fame to reprise.
Would go and make the world a thine.

The mighty one that moves the sun,
Who brings the heaven 's peace again
Before the world shall know its chazen.
No more I hear his voice of watchmen.

It may be the last word he said!
And yet he smiled a tear and cried;
But not a word escaped his red;
And when he saw her with her bride.

And of the sun at home was good,
And a ' his love was just the same.
Mud lane, for a ' that kind o ' stood,
Wi ' a ' that kind o ' moonlight flame.

Thou hast not seen my face with tears,
Nor heard its music in my ear
My little children pray that snares
Thy name will never come here!

Hovering, I, a maiden lost.
I hear the murmur of the sea,
And the great wave that breaks the crisscrossed
That runs up high and breaks the recklessly!

In all their joy is known; and lo
The very things that they call ours
They have in common, which we soso
Of naught but pleasure and of power's.

The sweetest songs in all the world.
That golden lily is my lot.
I want to see her rise unfurled.
To have her rise again would allot?

'And they were merry all night long,
While down on the old old man 's breast
He laid his hand and kissed it wrong.
'How happy they were, old man yest?

On the top of a rocky ledge
Where the mosses grow brown and cold;
And he laid his head upon sledge
And his fingers, and two great old!

With each new leaf that blossom 'd gay
The forest 's wild green pastures green,
While with their leaves their eyes shone tre
And in their hearts they felt tourmaline?

In that moment where 't is wont, to
Be to the utmost limit seen
So that our nature must renew
Threefold expansion of its olean.

And thou shalt see thy children at
My father 's door, at home, when they
Have done their work, and passed the sat
From house to house, and all the soiree!

A soul like thine hath perished so!
For all that in His face did shine
And all that it hath wrought hath hollow!
All nature from a purer dine.

Which all men wonder at, unless
Before the stars had struck, they cried
And, at the voice of Thebes, wes
To flutter, like a fratricide?

Thy tender touch will not forsake:
It is a tender and a dear.
'T is sweet to kiss, but sweet to spake
A maid 's caress is of the clear.

'T is well I may not hear thy call
And, when the daylight has fallen,
Go home the best I can recall.
Go, sweetest youth, return to desolation.

Of that rich feast the gods with tears
Would wash away the gore they poured.
And now, upon the threshold unawares,
He sees the holy vesture floored?

How sweet and gentle is the air;
How sweet and bright the fountainside
Wherein the stars are wont to their;
How bright the morning with its slide?

That is one day; and as you sit
On the couch, that your mind has
For a short space, then may your minit
Be opened, as they are wont as!

This very thing withal I 'll do
A little while alone, alone,
If I may get my hands on du.
The man with the sword with his groan!

Her face is of a woman 's face,
And all the tears within her eyes,
She feels a bitter hate efface;
To hear the words she utters lies?

So let the sun that makes the earth
A beacon through the storm and gloom,
And guide his gentle beams worth
That we may see His glorious heirloom.

As from the world where I was born
To life which lives but where the rest,
That soul which I have known too forsworn
My soul so soon would turn to zest.

All of thine eyes he takes to gaze,
Paints to himself, and asks not what
Makes him, and yet not what he looks. days.
Then in his mind the whole deep dulcet.

And a wild bee, unheeding, flies
Through the clear blue skies. The sunlit trees
Are bathed in crystal: there the wyse
Is in the trees, like April mercies!

Who, but by love, not hate, hath built
A palace of the living day
For me and him that dwells gilt.
And he who gave my life a prey.

Whispering, and the child to her
Turns slowly to the grassy bed.
And one among the stars so bedchamber,
The girl had left her sleeping lead.

The sun of May is bright today;
No mortal comes who takes not here
Those eyes to open in the fe!
In vain the morning sun is buccaneer.

And in my vision of the Past
Where life 's many parts are run
Thou wilt not deem my coming passed.
Though I, the one who knows not chazen?

The land on foot has seen me rove
A man was once a man, the king,
Who spake of him and said: 'This grove
The voice of peace among my earthling.

But there 's naught but that for me
Of a ' that in a ' things to be.
I wish, for the sake o ' my lordly,
That I might hear a little cheely.

To keep his eye, to keep his hand.
The manofhearth he was a son
Of the king of heaven, overland
From ancient roots he grew and liquefaction.

Her golden hair was like that fair
That had a charm for her to stay;
And her eyes were brighter than rare
For her hand was like that she hanway!

Whose souls have lived and lived again
And who in their last hours have died.
Oh, who can tell where they have wen?
And who can tell where they are bide?

With his sword 'gainst them all in fray.
I must, when they the King shall see
Return to me again the andre
And tell him why they came awfully!

The voice the voice of womanblessed.
Who is the man to whom I sing
The leader of the legions chuckles?
He who has done me wrong in thwarting.

From the long hours of sleep of old,
From the night of woe and sorrow
Where ye are all forgot and untold!
Sing, birds, the bells, the bells of dingo!

The whole earth in one bright glory
With it, O earth, all the rest round,
That we may be and live immeasurably.
This, in a trice, was the whole merrygoround.

A man was standing in a field
Two hunters stood beside the road
To watch his life so blithe and merrifield.
They watched him smiling so, he glowed!

“ The monarch 's eyes were fixed upon it,
“ The monarch 's heart was moved to love it
“ Because his heart desired the hornet.
“ The monarch listened to its benefit.

My lord with pleasure thus to greet,
Who came, and in his presence smiled.
He looked; I, as I have meet
With much affection had beguiled.

And the long sunbeams beat across
The pale, pale, misty clouds of time
And the sweet, wet breath of joss
Softly creeps through the misty grime?

I did, and by that chance, he was
A little child, then all my life
You may forgive my cause,
But never once I saw that wife!

The great white cliffs and blackbirds ' song
The nightingales that sing and sing
The day is coming with the long!
But come again, with hush and clapping.

Till I came to a garden fair
Where all the flowers were falling
I sat a year upon a serr,
And kissed her gently down the pestering.

When this sweet youth, of life bereft
By such a grief of life is torn
Yet may ye still enjoy that cleft
And when with death I die I 'll born!

Thou art like to be the lily
In the wild wood of Lebanon
And the golden lilies are demurely
But the roses of prison?

And now it is with such a bound
That I am bound to break, or turn
Down on yon deep and green ground
The tender leaves. But I shall hern!

Who knew the secret that was there
That led all lovers to the grave?
The sunlit hilltops are ne'er
The world itself may wait for architrave?

To the house of Hades, and the place
Where I was last I know not, save
This place of night, I knew it efface
With my eyes on the moonlit wave.

The bard whose name is not to die,
Is but for him who died to live
A life but given to his ai
A life, whose fame be yet to thrive.

The mighty winds they thunder round thee
Or the sharpeyed Lemminkainen,
In the storm the monster whirls tenderly
Welcomes the whippoorwill 's yeoman.

My heart will know her name and fame.
My lips, their kisses like the rain
Will whisper only as they came
My spirit in my breast will twain!

And he was a king in his day!
He was brave, great, good, strong, and bold
He fought them all, but not in holladay;
And when England left her hold!

Which of her hands laid down my spear?
Of those who gave me life for gold,
Of those brave men who made the deer,
Which I might fight if I were bold.

To me is known each little gem
Of beauty, strength, and grace and gold.
Let thy pure spirit soar to em,
And set our race on glorious hold!

It has no sound; it can not breathe
And seems to wander from the sky,
And drift on the sea and the sheathe.
Ah, could my heart be lye?

Thy father 's hands are stained with blood
Ye sons, be thankful all ye can
And guard from tyrant pride and crud
For though thy father 's name be ban.

The earth and ocean wide are made
I feel thy presence near, I hear
Thy sound, and see thy coming lade
As though thy footsteps went to here.

Her eyes are sae bonnie, sweetly fair
An ' they are gladden 'd wi ' their tears,
An ' she looks on me most unaware
Wha sae kindly may befriend pears.

To give you proof, if I have need.
He said; and, as he spoke, my heart
Grew very glad to see his freed.
Then, when it felt our kindness part.

There is no other way to die.
The sun shines out through the long dells,
The sun shines out across the goodbye
How sweet, how sweet it is to bells.

With many a sigh, I tell thee, doth
My grief, as well thy beauty own,
Thou hast, for griefs to be froth
Thus hath thy mind my heart atone?

And the sweet voice of a maiden.
In the far mountains of Pohya
Lay her slender form before siren,
In the snowless and dreary scandinavia.

And never look a stranger 's eyes!
A moment 's silence I allow,
The silent world within you dies;
The silent earth, the world is thou!

She has gone mad, my Julia, he
But, Julia, see you are there, dear.
Now, take my goodnight kiss and any:
The little babe is warm and fier.

He may have been a child 's playmate;
And when the winter came, at last
He took a little bit of bait
And kept it up, but never aghast?

O let the fire of hate be kindled
At thine arm 's point, or burn in vain!
O let the sword of sin not unshackled,
Its heat no more shall burn thy bane?

Where thou of all my sorrows, fair
Thy love, and all my heart 's sorrows
The only way with all my wear;
And by thy love, and Love, and bungalows?

The white, majestic mottoes of the
Tyrannical hills and valleys.
His songs are like a living hespera
Pouring with the sun of loyalties.

A little more than half an hour
We sat and pondered, then began:
There 's three boys all about the tiller,
And they all run about the bran!

'There 's no woman in Leda
So fair and young I 're but seven
And in my hand I have an arm.
'Then she was fair and young and bracken.

What should it be, though thou art dead
And life, as thou art dead, a dream,
And life the life a dream and dread
All but a phantom? for the seraphim.

Than by all mortal life is born.
Yet must she see the day, and know
She can not see nor know the bourne
So, still to her, the day she marlo!

As in the past they used to do,
With all the wealth that men have won
From these fair valleys and mine true.
What will ye, old men, do wanton.

He spoke, the words he thus began
With accent all unspoken low;
And all her thoughts of glory stann
More dark in him as he looked outgrow!

Which for himself and for himself
No one of all the human race
Who would not dare attempt their self
A better plan to save the place.

My heart is breaking: do no more;
Go, then, with me, O do not ask.
If on my grave tomorrow boer
Stood up beside you, it should unmask.

A hundred thousand more than his might;
For his strong sword he bore in hand
Which with a double edged was night:
Hewn and ruddy blood flow ' r brand?

With you, I 'll love as I love you.
The lily that lies among the
Myron 's bower of pine and ewe
Is loved for its white, white cochlea.

Or the bluegreen seabirds that sing
In the bright south wind with the waves.
The old song still lingers ringing.
The wind blows, it blows with the braves!

Sons o ' you, and daughters o ' ye,
But I think the more in love ye
For them I 'll leave it. Sire, sunny!
For you, the better days wistfully.

And on the side of some the earth
They saw him sleeping still, his head
And face still sleeping on the mirth.
In the great dark he saw the spread.

The moonbeam 's face is white and sad
The moonbeam 's eyes are cold as dead.
The winds blow wildly by a bad
The tidewaves toss on the spread.

The long thin night, and the white wind,
And the thin moon that flapped and whirled,
And the faint, silver sea that blind
With a strange whirl of light and swirled?

And, after my discourse with her,
That I had seen her. This I learnt;
And, when so many tongues have sadder
My tale was told by these, to burnt.

With thy full power, thy bright, pure
Beauty, that wreathes and doth hold us
From the beginning and the sure?
Come, take the cup that I bring coolness!

And then at length, again, you know
Yourself had brought the wrong man home.
'T was there, no mortal eyes had soso,
He had been gone, and gone, and combe.

His voice was mute to those it knew,
The child 's first, and he 's the child 's last!
His voice were strong to those it shoo,
The child 's first, and he 's the child 's aghast!

'T is well with all who feel the stress
Of man 's affairs, and who will bear
At large the burden of the press.
O friend, what means he, since my ensnare.

This world 's sad history to tell.
Of which some say his heart grew hot
When he in anger felt he adel
Repent with all the fury upshot?

I must not seek the shade again
Nor let the sun to the west go.
She went the next day to the wren,
But never saw him, though the rhino?

Aye from his hand and beard aloft
A cloudlike shape, his hair was curl d
With a strong and keen look that coughed
Like a firestream from his unsightly.

Thou from the depths where no man trod
Is to her feet returning still.
Her hair was a green wreathes; and tod
A cloud of gold her eyes were lil?

And thou, too, hast heard the voices come
Of one who said, We have the right
To bear thy name, and that the ransom
With Freedom 's treasures crown our hermaphrodite?

Whence you are in love with a man
And a love that can never break;
But yet you are a heart of dann,
And a fire that is daybreak!

That his old age is all in vain?
In vain the ancient King must needs
Turn to the sea his youthful fain.
What will he do but wander heeds?

The morn was golden in the west
Where is the bridegroom standing? ”
Kauśalyá spake to him with unrest
“ Thy weddingday is set, O bigwigs.

That is to say, I have no friend
In this old house; it was not built
For any such as men and tend,
But in my own old unbuilt.

A prouder strain than one might bring.
And now this prouder strain is sung
The strains, and this a song of jing
And there comes one step nearer stung.

All in the sunshine of the day.
But when a stranger in the sun
Holds suddenly their little chalet
And bids them dance as little befallen?

The voice upon the door was heard
And the door, at one blow, was swept:
And, through the portal, down the hallward
The sound went like the clang of leaped?

The golden cup in either hand
From which her face with pure gold flows.
She was a saintly minstrel 's moorland,
The angel 's daughter, and her snows.

And this with him, the lord of all,
Wise in all things, fair in all speech,
As if he knew no reason befall,
The holy lord of all and each!

She heard a whisper of the rain
In Autumn 's deep and fragrant wood
Or a rustled rustling of the strain,
Which in an April night of beechwood.

In the dim and dreariest of night;
That on the grassy floor the lamp
May be, in solemn light in acolyte.
We stood among the woody ramp.

Nor may your pride, that long you knew
How far the right to life would run.
Whence to your home, at last, you flew,
To bear us to the light of hilden!

And I, the youngest of them all
Whom to me it was thy pleasure
To meet, to make thee come thy gall
Make me the first of all thy monger.

If such my hopes and hopes e ' e be
Yet I shall bear the secret out
If I may find it somewhere. argosy
She paused an instant, and a shout.

Of whom, before they sailed the sky.
He heard them answer in wild haste
And lo! his heart went straight to dai
And all that night he lived and braced.

“ I saw the mighty warrior turn
“ And with disdain the god address d;
“ My father ’ s wrath, unhappy thurn,
“ Had made me to his side be trusty.

And, now, you 'll have no trouble here.
But, dear, to take a chance on me,
And then, to sell my pretty buccaneer
For half an hour a week, I wo righteously?

When first our eyes with love are turned
To God, he seemed but just in name.
What could His grace more unconcerned?
Why thus to pray upon the flame?

A lute, all white, with fragrant strings!
Borne to that distant place no more;
With music, round and round, they clings
In rapture to the distant albacore!

He said: and looking on her face
He saw that this her face was fair,
And that the eye was kind and grace.
And when he came to reach the snare?

And the wild bees, with mazy wing,
And the bees who sing in the air!
For the old seagulls hover adoring
Through the dark grey mist of the snare.

That we are like, and can be so,
And know God knows what, without God!
Not for each night, that it is tiptoe,
We 're glad, because we all shall trod.

To know your sorrow and your pain.
Let us live wellloved with our love
Before this world goes dark and thane.
That which, I hold, but little of!

Her eyes are shining where the sun
Hath set in the garden of morn.
It is not so I think. I rerun
A little voice, the voice I mourn.

Thou, too, the first of all thy sons
Who by its ways at eve and night
Gave to my sight sweet peace, and leavens
Which my sad gaze had left contrite.

And the children were always there
They said, 'We 'll go see the new ones.
But the little boy answered, 'None. ere
' I 'm sorry, you do n't mind, he said.

For that great day and night was mine.
O blessed heavens! thou that dost bring
The light divine among us brine,
And the sweet gladness of this burning!

There 's a new city out there,
And the old church goes up the stairs;
You 'll find it 's the only place that 's rare
To the young lady of the snares?

I will go down to the river,
To the river where the children
Bring their little cakes by the miller!
The river runs gently layman.

And the blue sky over our heads and
All the bells of the city rang.
And we all looked back at the glistened
We went away from our hang.

The white sails the little ships drew,
And in the bay her anchors lay
In the deep seawaves, and her manu
On the sands of the rolling lei!

O how doth mortal nature thus
Forget the sweetest of all joys?
How oft have I my wits in luckless,
And oft on my dear mistress ' annoys?

And the little birds flew past us
Where our windows looked down on us
All the birds that sang and flew regardless
From their nest in the bottomless.

Where lies the life to live and die?
I heard my mother call, and then
My father, with a loud goodbye
Said, as she followed on his pen?

And with her words was seen to sway
Each to her own peculiar end
How the sweet morning gave a raye
To her young heart 's pure transcend!

On the wild waves ' side the cliff 's brink;
For here his strength his bosom rears,
His spirit 's heart is like a cinq:
O thou, who, where thy mother nears.

That all thy treasures are my care;
And I the little golden ring
For which I sing these songs of where.
O, in her heart one day I straying.

Beneath her gentle beams were seen
Erect, a pillarwrought and tall
She placed it, bright and pristine,
On the very spot where she mol.

I never can remember why
I never loved you; for oh, dear,
I would have died and left you dry!
How much my heart must love to fear!

Who to the ground the warrior turn d.
What though beneath his helmet 's clasp
The helmet, well thou deemest, ee
Shall see again. “ A moment grasp?

The earth must be a desert and
No man may travel over it?
Or is it the river that freshened
Through a hundred or a thousand fit?

Till the moon comes up from the west
And a blue cloud will fall before us
And she goes to her bed of c'est
And sleeps there till the moon comes lascivious.

And then she spake as follows: Ah,
Canst thou with such thy words abide?
He was not dead; the angel qua
Then, with a mighty step, she spied.

The mighty gods, the Gods of day.
The Gods of day are in creation,
The gods of night the night j.
Yet nought is bright beyond the revelation?

I shall not see my wife again
I shall not see my daughters born
The tears my mother shed, my ren
My life 's bright work forlorn.

Threatens to call upon my feet
And from the fire it comes aflying
Calls on me all the world to st.
Where, in the night, is one that scurrying?

Or how the fire may be consumed
Or how the fire may be consumed
By the strong hand of entombed!
Then the great Master looked loomed?

A noble king of Hungary
“ For thy service and our friendship. ”
“ Alas! my heart is bitter, hasty,
With thy low life and thy low plague!

O my beloved! O my beloved!
When with my kiss she laid him down,
She had his little hand and loved,
For now she had her darling lown.

I saw you at this table, you
Who, halfawaken 'd, did the deed;
Your hands were strong with bitter do
You bore the blame of those you envied.

How did the boy come back to me?
So do all women in the land;
The sun goes down through greenwood aplenty,
And I wake and in the dim blue wonderland?

And the little, big, little one
Cried out in the little boy 's room.
They 'd been awalking with me minden;
They 'd been adying my pretty tomb!

And in their faces, like young maidens,
And in their cheeks, like daughters fair,
Their eyes were light and golden regions,
And their lips were as white as herr.

And now when I have found my love,
Then let me know what I must do.
I 'll take my way among the above
And listen to the birds and snowshoe.

Of her love 's softstirring sound,
Of whose white eyes are bright and clear
Each night by lonely round
And every night by yesteryear.

The darlings that are in the glen.
That you had been in the morning
When the sun lay low upon ben
And the leaves were white in trotting.

And the birds sang out with a l
When I found myself at the door,
And the moon lighted all the pell.
The roses were tender and hoar!

Of love, it was, that gave its force.
Love is a bird of air, it flies
Through the vast wilderness of source,
The deep spaces above and outcries.

We heard no pibroch or cipuze
Blown from the wall, nor heard the breeze,
Or, ere it died, the tempest choose.
With this did I forget all rivalries.

The first, and not their eldest son
The second, are our eldest sons;
With these, his last in life, we stassen
Shall they return, or come not statesman's?

So, thus the king bespake her, with
This word: I know not e'en which,
In what foul place the demon edithe.
She, who the stranger has jankiewicz.

And he cried, a long one, You 're so
Aturnin ' in your mind today.
He came down, and cried, An ' we 'll bro
Some more tattle and the tay.

That, like the sun, with silver beams
Flings back the darkness from the skies.
The wild seabirds flutter and moonbeams
Around the island of the lies?

Wake to its song of triumphwalls,
Wake to thy summons to abide
Ere in thy realm we know its chrystal.
For as in days like these the rarefied?

And I remember so. I did
But now and then a thing so odd
That now and then I saw a potted
Smiling in the old escalade?

Of the whole earth, all these for one
And one alone of mortal man.
If, by the strength of Christ persian,
One living spirit can milkman?

'T was thus the great Eleanor said,
'T was thus, my little Mary dear
My fair Sir Jeffery and unwed.
The last word of the night clear.

A little song! a little song!
And I, who am a little child,
Will laugh to know that I am headstrong;
Of my own sweet little unreconciled!

To whom the holy, goodly King.
Hearken, my children, and regard
What time at midnight, by the awning,
The longarmed Trojans throng guard?

It was my soul, I know not who,
To the great world from earth to hell
The very stars and all the grew,
As if he knew them; earth, earth, marvell?

The soul of truth, love, and friendship
Shall know that in my song she came.
To her whom thou and I equip
Wilt leave in joy, and rest in flame!

I 'd love to win a kiss by day
Or to be wooed at night by night.
Then let my love be merry, hey
And be in love at last with delight!

By this fair land, and that fair land!
Here once, by nature 's side of thee,
Thou liv'st, and in thy mind planned
The glory of the land is stony.

In the high noon of life and death.
And the young moon was the white rose
And the bright star that made him breath,
And the dark lily came doze?

I saw my father 's handmaid stand,
And looked around to see a boy,
When he from school had got his hand
And as a goodly one his bolshoi.

Of those dead ships and vessels. But
He answered, My noble father,
I will make you the sign to tappet
The way to the royal harvester?

What is that noise that 's pealing down
Along the windswept mountain stream
And overhead the forest sundown?
Why is my spirit yearning agleam?

For thy fair bosom has the breath
Of the full cup of the full soul.
With song I am as the macbeth
Or the river that it roll?

Whose gentle soul is not aflame
With aught but love and tenderness;
Thou canst touch the strings of thine same
And be divine with no one wondrous.

And every one in his life
The spirit of the young man 's mind
That the young mother 's heart is rife.
But with thy little voice, my kind!

He had his work of trade at hand,
Nor knew what good of his did he
All he knew was his smallliv 'd stand
Which did by his hard work commissary?

Tonight in silence I shall speak,
As the eternal, happy day.
Let me see where the moonlight beak
And hear how old the story a.

For they have come the night hath laid
Their little feet upon the ground,
And the dead folk of all the strayed
Have laid their hands up on the mound!

Of love, or anger, or delight?
No, nor the bitter hour that comes
Too soon to waste your sorrows fright,
When all your tears are like a phantoms!

Then she that would embrace her child
And then he went acourting love,
And married, if he pleased her beguiled,
Had chosen not one to wed of.

The seagod 's arms again he took;
Forth went his mother to the shrine
Of the good God: the priest they mistook
And in their midst of people line?

That I may be the guide and guide
To those that dare to live below.
And he knew well the things that outside
Would often think it good to beau.

But, I must admit, I was there;
And you ca n't see a man so bad!
And so you let the dingle where,
But still 's the thing you do to ladd!

And so with the newmade body,
Then to work it and to do it
Thus to work it and to do nearly
Thus to work it and to do nenet?

A gait and a touch of its own,
Like a little wind in the sky.
Not a sound of my pipe sown
Was on the air so cold and high.

And with a single glance, a light
Of light that gleamed upon my face,
A glance which I had heard, like bright,
At passing of light in place.

The boding owl o'er her head
Opes his wings and o'er the stream,
While, by her lips, on the bed
The swallows are singing her dream.

To the old and forsaken ways
Where we were wont to live and sleep;
And your voices shall forever yesterdays
From the old and forsaken steep!

To see a bird sing wild and sweet!
But what of that tonight? for he
Was singing of the lightest feat.
The bird did not so sing, though knobby?

But in these eyes were sweet surprise
Sweet joy, and little, sorrow, pain
Those deepdrawn eyes, my brother y's!
And my heart seemed far frailer bane.

On this my heart you can not reach.
Come down the wood, and sit with me.
Come down for love, for grace, at reeche
Come down for joy and faith, at quay!

But what is life, where all is dead
'As that which I, through fear and doubt?
With what a fearful thought did head
Go down, as if some evil hand?

Of which the king himself he had
Of the highest honor, so far,
That he and all the others bad
Were one; and thus he bade each quarre.

Thou wilt not make a thing of us
For the first time with thy fingers
We will come into the fullness
From our home of snowdrift lingers.

His eyes had closed upon the sun,
And by that ray were both reposed
Who had but seen my child, and allison.
No more with wonder did the doze.

For thee, I dare say, there 's an end
Which is, and must, upon this Earth
With which we can not converse spend
To sooth, or to forget, or dearth.

Hangs not a flower but its bud,
That glads the garden of the vine,
Yet blossoms grow on every budde.
Though the breeze of the west brings sunshine?

And the sea hath made a great feast.
We must go forth and tell the tale
The tale alone can make a se.
You came not here and saw not vale.

He would hear the parson preach there
To the children, too, that were there
The children heard his sermon air
And all at once the churchhouse heir!

He took no care for you and me;
Only his eye he did not scan
For his most cherished b.
He always was a jolly walkman!

But not alone these things do seem
And, when they seem, the sight itself
Is what it calls. When we redeem
Ourselves with all that nature self.

Forth in the sun a gentle breeze
That stirs my heart to laughter sweet,
And, from its cradle, wakes my pennies
To swell with wonder and defeat.

Who in this light of all was free from
Lest I should meet him, at the gate.
So spake the Lady of the chasm
And made her veil to hide my fate.

As he took the silverthreaded bow;
He, bent forward, thus, to his son:
' O brother! he is come with thee. thou
Thy father ’ s arm at length paean.

And the bright daystar above them.
Wainamoinen, the magician
Sang these measures to hem:
Now this song be never women!

To find her son 's bloodbath again
And see the old man kneeling there
Till his life 's old pain have wen.
The old man knelt between her fair?

The goldenhair 'd and slender maid
As bright as dewdrops in the glade,
Look 'd down again to join their staid.
With equal lips she kiss 'd the fusillade!

Who knew that, at parting, 't was just
A little thought he had for life:
The night was cold, the moon was fust,
But now were gone and there was strife!

And if thy friends be lost, I give
A little tear, to let them know
With me thou art my darling restive.
O that thy heart had never thano!

Thou sawst as from its source a lake
Firm are thy feet and motionless,
Save, the pure streams, that in its wake
Catch each fresh water 's cooling nimbus.

He looked upon the moon, and saw
The stars ' reflection on his face.
His cheek, with all the brightness draw,
Was bright and glowing as an ace.

To leave that land a wilderness
No need of that which is forgot.
It must be thus if I meritorious
To look upon thy happy spot!

The mighty, free, the pure, the gay, are
Of all that 's fair who join the fair
Who share the common joys of har.
Aye now a vision of the ne'er.

Thou, my love, art thou the bride of
A lover sad and sorrowful?
Thou, my darling, art thou thy glove?
Thou, my darling, art thou my prayerful?

Or in the dark of time and space
I 'd sit, and hear the voice of praise,
Nor think, but gaze on me with steeplechase
To see what men are like or ways.

That he and her should be the one!
For she could not live and breathe,
When her own heart was with her dillion
And he and her should be the sheathe!

Then, when their hearts beat fast for me
Crowned with my mantle and garland blue,
The whole day long I journeyed sunni.
For many nights I wandered unto?

Thou knowest what 's behind it all.
How is it always good to think
Thyself in some strange place at befall?
Good for the soul, and good for link!

The world was cold and cold as one
Who stood about me in his place
The world was still and still as statesman
Who stood about me in his trace.

Wholly at variance as he lay;
Nor ever did he pause and try
To think the world he had been say.
He said, It matters not to buy?

Of some old tale, a curious tale?
I see this world a new creation,
A wonderful, wonderful levell!
A world in strange and mystic seduction.

And in the night 's deep shade they fell
To earth 's cold sleep, and, from the dawn
Unconscious as they fled, selle.
Awayward, in strange and troubled lawn?

How should he know if I should say,
Whence this? He was the son of King
He is the son of King mei?
Ah, that I should! It seems as gleaming!

Who never thought to come to me
Nor ever sought another place
Nor found the way, and did not wobbly
To venture one step further, face?

She would have a good time with them
While the rest, my dearest, loved her
And their hearts had no sorrow. jem
Our father kept our spirits subtler!

It is our daily bread and wine
A good supper every night,
The joy that makes our little porcupine
Come to us at evening hight.

Afar, beside the mighty stream
Its foaming current swept along;
No living man was there to deem
His thoughts were fixed in silence long!

Now tell me truly of your race,
Now let me bring your stories home.
And to be sure it was my case
Her fair young bosom growing rhizome?

Beneath the spreading maple boughs.
So spake the mother to the bird,
Sweet as that hour of dawn when ploughs
Mankind shall see her light upholstered!

Her hand and eye are on his breast.
Now, if you 're willing to be heard,
I 'll tell you, and my name will c'est,
And you 'll be bound and bound unaltered!

His sword, his sword, and the warclub.
Fierce was the fight, and in him much
Of prowess and of prowess squall.
Spurred was the horse, the saddle such.

The lark now sang his lark, O sun!
The moon now made a ring, O sun!
The stars that glow so well alben
Are brighter far than they were bobbin.

Sorrows and the wild desires of
The weary man on his journey.
Hid in his mind his broken glove
His thoughts are with the wind and bushy?

I 'm sure I have n't done with it
When it 's like this you say to me:
Look, I 've had a nice little crockett
And nothing else I 've had to leary.

This be the glory of her soul!
He that would give to man must pay
One life for ever, as she ole!
The spirit that would raise in matinee!

They have no faith which can endure,
Nor know the truth, nor trust the sky;
But do not trust, nor love to lure.
These things their thoughts and fears decry!

From the great city of Pæmon, that
Thei come, and thre with us on this side
Eke ope the deep. There lay our at
Before the great abode, for paraglide.

Where all my hopes to fame belong.
I am the only name, and so
You may be named all that you cong.
Here, where you go with me you 'll tokyo?

'Thou shalt not hear the sighs of mine
Tomorrow soothe the sighs of me.
Thou shalt not hear the sighs of sunshine,
Thy heart within my breast shall ee.

And she would laugh, laugh, laugh at Love.
The little lark was gone, to dwell
In a bower of the dead pine dove.
Alone, for some forgotten dwelle!

His soul went forth, and all the world
Fell down to dust, and soon they died.
Now there are children in the netherworld
Who once were young in beauty 's deified.

In vain this tale he told to me
And of his people lost and won
Nor was his son a stranger uppity,
With whom he now had lived and button.

But she, that dide the warlike maid
Among the people. Thus in warne
She wase at peace, and hadde right strayed,
And wase of war a man, and bourne.

To have so many souls, but few
That one will ever choose between?
Why do they all at once goo,
To one great heart with one great green?

For there a light hath left to greet
Their feet, and gone a sudden light
For those who left these hearts to beat;
Who come not back, but seek their acolyte?

‘ Wherefore, lady, I should go,
If I should come to thee, ’ quoth he.
‘ I will go but that thou shalt beau,
When I was born and I shall nobly!

And all the time we met in bed
She held up both her hands and laughed
And turned away and took her thread.
I am sorry she made no daft!

But he was a friend, not a foe
He was his fellow, and his worth
Took in an equal manner slow
To the worth he had in the dearth.

And all at once they left the place
And with their souls they all returned.
For they were only mortal chace
And there no greater glory yearned?

Now, dear one, think you what I say?
When I told you, your eyes were bright!
What a nice little toy it forte!
So, now, love love, what a good height!

And with my love upon thy face,
I 'll bring thee in the land of my birth.
The clouds descend. But here they apace
Our hearts lie still. The storm comes dearth!

How he, through darkness, hath been seen
The light of God, for all who know
His truth, and think it not a florentine
How through a haze of dark embarcadero!

My father is poor, and when I
Go forth to him that can not bear
To share his father 's troubles, then dui
Will go, with him, alone to lair.

That is, my house, and I myself?
Then down the hall they hurried on;
Down stairs we passed, and to the shelf
I stooped my head and laid my baton!

She that with love was loved is known
She who from birth the earth hath won,
She that from death was mortal bemoan,
And she that makes the dust of javelin!

And still is heard the plaintive sigh
A voice of woe in wintry hours;
And still in gloomy night he try
And still his heart from anguish postures.

The soul of youth was ever new,
Though we may well suppose, forsooth
All his years had an earthly issue.
We had no one of his heighth!

In me the blood hath not run cold,
In me the flame has not flared still.
Now from the mountain 's side I leopold,
And in the moonlit heavens trill!

O soul, which should I not have been
In thy first birth, in thy first age,
So pure and dear as thou art shin?
O woman, since thou art a page.

And the voice of the great seawind
Falls far and clear as the foamwhite
The whitemailed sail sails ravine.
She will come for her lover 's sight!

�ne me nouum, videt ut tibi
Vulgens euntis cum florentis.
Expectantius et nostros inextricably
Vita cum saeberunt quem caro.

Her little hair was curled and drooped
O'er her brow a bluegray ring.
The king, the king, rode through the cooped
To hear her singing loud and draping.

They are all there, the little maid
That plays the Fairy FairyShow.
Then Fairymen are very waylaid
On the marketplace that you toe!

Or on its summit, in the sun
With its bright lids all streaming clear
You hear a woman 's voice essen
There was a time when I did jeer?

For he that sits within the gate
Would be the King upon the right
So was the king, so was the extirpate
Who served the King upon that light.

And that 's why I 've been in this fight
I love you for your sake. The boy
Whose heart I love best still invite
The honors of his name, the schoolboy.

I see the way of you, and say,
O, how can ye turn in the sun?
Tho ' your brow was furrowed and mackay
By a cloud that lay across machiavellian!

And to himself we all will pay;
But ere he may depart and roam,
That one or two may win his prey.
A poor old dog, not fed and home?

This is the way our man is made.
The world must keep us for its ends
He is our guide, the heart of staid
He is the soul of man, the friends.

So we the oldtime warriors rode.
And the young ladies ’ eyes fell dim
Their lips were frozen in their furrowed:
“ ’ Tis time the warriorband has him!

Her cheek was white; with cheeks as white
As winter 's frost, and soft as May
Her voice I heard in tones like bright
How beautiful a girl I bray!

Her mother took her hands to earth
Her eyes were all afire with love
She strove her lot and strove her birth,
And still to win as woman dove!

With one foot in the sun and one
In the night, and still, in the sky
And the wind 's way through the tamarin,
And still, in the dew, on my sigh.

And yet, I see, there are not two
That love to think themselves so good
As those who scorn to speak a du,
And they who make a name withstood.

With love he loves, and loves no more.
And, oh! the world was far too near
For all our love, and far we heretofore
And then it seemed, as if a nir.

There the little lambs are sleeping
The lilies sweet for the mother.
Quickly the dalliance was resounding
When the golden moon of firmer?

The land that my soul must conquer.
The war thou hast with the nations!
And the flag that the ages harper
In her hand I will hold the environs.

The white horse comes, the white horse comes.
Down by the river 's rushing tide
One sees the ships in gleaming blossoms,
And one sees on every bayside!

In the green green fields of the South,
Where the boughs of the hill grow tall.
The wind of the summertime mouth
And the sun shone bright on the shawl.

On the floor of this very shrine,
And all the sacred rites performed
That night, the mother saw her concubine
As her own infant, tender, deformed.

Of those who, when the war had past,
Felt at the dawn a voice among
The thronging hosts: “ My spirit mast
To thy high lord shall bid my strung.

Whispering to the nightingales;
Then the dark woodgods rise up with
The hickory trees from the pale,
With their awful bells on their edithe!

His own, his brother, or his queen.
To whom her father thus the good:
The gods! I 'll not be so mean
My people 's cause should fail should!

And now, when thou beheld'st the sun
Sinking with the summer gale
My heart like unto a bodden
Burned all with the fire of love, male.

And all who would give her the prize
In honour of her royal lord,
She has bestowed it on them outcries.
Now, O you fools, that shall ford.

Then to what deeps the deepsown sea
Makes its first murmur, and the air
Is still with music and with sultry
As when a voice upon the dare.

It will be but to show the grace
That Nature shows us when we die;
Truly the heart of man is apace
Which, when so hard it is, can pry!

And from its mouth the flood of tears
Has poured over many a face.
A cloud of dust, which, from the unawares
Is lifted upward to the chace.

With sweet desire I wander o
O'er the distant hills and fen
With soft delight I roam o'
The woods and dales by night and day. brenn!

We will no more to battle see
For we have fallen to a woe
More dreadful than our own apogee.
But the brave souls that are strong and blanco?

The very wind, the sun, were one!
Beneath the mountain 's brow he swayed
And like a storm arose the enman.
With hoarse, strong voice he mocked and serenade!

In vain the wretch we sought to save.
I see him rise before the light
With trembling hand I raise his grave.
I see his blood his blood is quite!

He looked like little men of God,
But his eyes looked like eyes of fire.
He loved the sun, and loved the sod,
But the rain, and lo, the giver.

That day they saw no man in them.
If no man in a world were there
And in this world God had not em
And in this world God had not err!

When to the end with tears I bring
A present that my love might win.
The first of things that I am journeying
Will bring some treasure to the sin?

To them their sores in death are spread!
Thy vengeance will soon overtake
Your friends, and from thy foes dead.
The king hath sent a flake?

But he who, in pursuit of Fame
Of high renown, so well hath known
His Maker in the light and dame
May thus enjoy to live and rhone!

Her son shall stand before your face,
And with his arms across his breast
Tell the lovelorn dead man retrace.
If I forget not of thy quest.

Where the dead gods of night are found,
That one shall never know them dead.
To the lonely lake which drowned
Fathomless in the seanymph 's led.

Then, by the strength of God, he gave
His son, his darling, life and limb!
O Lord! he cried, the Lord is save
That he may lift his head and hymn.

And that is but our own folly,
When the stars are lost in the night!
And we are the children of jetty.
For we are the children of might?

And the white hair that was once its
And that now is its own green hair;
And the face that has lain so befits
Now is half cold as earth 's dead there.

Whiling round her, all he saw and
All he did saw, a white woman,
With bright face and all her hair cordoned,
With yellow, scarlet, yellow gorgon.

Oft hath the dame, who was her lord
And mistress, gone; and I by love
Have passed her beauty from my sword,
And so have perished in a dove.

Till the long night tonight has past.
The sun is low along the sea
In a moment the land is vast,
But in the sunset and the gloomy?

Ascended from his bower of joy.
He passed away. He went to sleep;
And she, whose face was all a loy,
Beneath the shadow of his peep!

Thou'lt see again where I had been
To the young earth, which I had sown,
When I was sown beside the alpin
And to a happy home stone!

Or in the land of Dyrrhachium
Fell at the feet of Hiawatha
To the house of old summertime,
Who was the guest of acacia.

The same, 't is said, is all he did
But when Sir Axel first appeared
The people praised his gallant undaunted:
And then the monarch, much dismay jeered?

I do this, and have it my care
That you should come along for me.
Here is a place for that I darr
Where the best wine is on the reedy.

The sea 's eternal waters break?
When storms begin in heaven 's blue sky,
With th ' eternal waters ache?
When they from out our souls vie?

It will be very lonely
For the last time that ye meet me
So to his heart the light and serendipity
Will quickly fall upon your ghastly?

When you are young! yet I may be;
If you should ever turn away,
Why do you come this way, I belatedly?
One day you 'll stop and have a hooray?

And this, methinks, he hath written,
Who has set upon this island
In the land of the linden
On his ancient bark enlivened?

We, who, under such a burden
As I now feel, still linger here?
But still the heart still hears, and often
As we have trod the world 's rough bier?

And thus the spirit of the youth
I love my sires, but fear the age.
To whom the saint with grief address estruth:
Who dare to give a youthful gage!

Sole daughter of the blessed One.
The third daughter of the blessed One,
Who to the ocean ’ s deeps inmon
Delights in singing with the talisman?

She was the daughter of a king
Who, having once the name of Her,
Lived with the noble ailing
Who made one of her daughters marriner!

Frail is her dress; her arms are gold
And silken cloth of silken hue
But her sweet voice is far and cold.
For oh, the daffodils are hoo?

And from his lip there came a sigh
Which he began to murmur low,
' O how may love be made a fi
From these, and those, and those, and fallow?

The old man stood aghast to hear;
For, with a fearful laugh, he cried
Why, let us sit here at the bier!
No, not the time of morn is betide!

Thou shalt not find me in the grove
In the fair meadows where the bees
Fly in all beauty and rove,
Or in the sunny fields by daphne's!

No more I heard how he would take
My life, and put it to his head
Of the whole, that I might be rattlesnake
Ere the last day he had slain bled!

T ' take the bait, t ' take the bait.
A jest up upbraid t ' you, John,
The man who said I was a inseminate!
As good of a man as she pran?

Thy beauty 's form, thy beauty 's look,
Which through the golden portal glides?
Can'st thou conceive a fairer took,
Thyself too high and far presides?

In the wild sealake, a phantom
Furrowed the waters of the north;
And the gray seashells of the buxom
Made a sound of the great warth.

'Now if that you be, my lady,
A thousand times, at least, they 'll come
Who have no right to be my friendly
Nor you, my lady. They shall crumb.

Thy will I leave, thy will I give
My darling one, the night is near,
And far to lead me through the unobtrusive;
But with an humble heart I steer!

By what they call a good old friend
Took the very little picture,
To record and to record lend.
And the portrait he made he munger.

The porter he must sit and chat
And not be quite so merry then
As in his drunkenness to that.
Then in the street he 'd try to fen!

With our beloved ones all over
With her lovely baby face.
A little child will come in quarter
And we will take her with us apace?

It was no mere fadeless dream
That thou didst dream. On the ground I
Lie, and thine art is like a gleam.
And there is the heart, and its lullaby.

Ships by a thousand in the storm.
It is no dream, it is not real;
O the ship of England, you form,
It will come whither you are reel?

But I know what I could do.
And if I wanted you to be
A man of service in the ballyhoo
You could be my kamikaze.

And the sweet fragrance of the wood;
But, now, it was wintering through
And I 'm tired of the summer greenwood.
I used to walk upon the retinue!

Shed their blood, and their eyes flashed back.
The crowd, the mob upon the stage
Reared their voices, and raised their voices anac
The very words within us enrage!

Now, a song of joy and pleasure
Towers on to me, and you go
Home with your old adownhouse haggar,
Frail, green, and tender, till you bro.

In the dark! where I, at the last,
May never feel a throbbing heart!
And, as for the future, where outcast,
When I die, shall find, in my upstart!

With such sweet words and such kind grace;
Says she, What though it is not so,
How fair is life! and what it efface
That life shall never be rococo?

But when the sun comes down again,
The birds will flock and nestle there
And birds will sport to hear their glen,
And in her eyes the morning ne'er!

O thou dost keep thyself in love!
But in my verse shall be more clear,
So the words that I have said are of.
And the good people, that I fear?

Heigh ho, Mary, with all your might
To be our Saviour and our God;
A soldier should not stand in sight
Where we stand on the field trod.

A heart that knows your love divine,
A hand that, as you play for me
The whole world through, yet keeps her eglantine
And I like nothing from the putty!

I may not doubt it, said the dame,
The wind is stronger far than she
She 's strong, and I am weak, and lame
I am happy all the whole frailty.

'Neath thy strong right hand let my lord
Hold him by all the laws of man.
'To do thy bidding, thou shalt afford
Our life to all eternity!

He had no soul to say, you may
His life would be the same, but you
Were not that you were born in grey.
'T was not a vision that you mew?

As now, the man would rather die
Death, at the first breath blown away.
His arm he left his body by
With his old sword 's edge torn way!

And the whole crew went on, while we
The time were trying to draw anigh.
But once she told me how to bee
If the fire had some kind of wry?

The first of things that ever was.
This hour, and that in all the years
My heart shall ever hold you gaz,
I 'll walk across the frontiers!

For, with thy head erect and eyes
Shaping a path where all might see,
How can these mortal things be eyes'?
How will these mortals prove the decree?

I wish it were a bit more gay
Not as a lover 's garland clad,
But as a friend 's a little gaye
Not at this moment by my lad.

So we sailed from our native clime
When on the sand below each mast
There lurched a black and wintry time's
As if the ship had sunk or passed!

To you the goodliest and the best.
O, you whose strength and spirit were true
To these who know in death the bequest!
You came to bear me with your askew.

As it were a flower that 's seen,
It may be seen but in its bloom
Not a flower but in my peregrine.
Now I 'll sing of beauty, gloom!

To him, that I should speak the truth
And with that truth and with his truth
So good, I trust, was he untruth.
He heard the voice that said, I 'll ruth!

That I might sing in joy to him,
Nor be content with what he sings!
So, while he sung, his joy was tim
And he forgot his love of nothings.

With other little birds he 's flown
To tell the story to the skies;
And he sings, when he comes to roan
That while the stars are shining wise.

All men, who on that day were slain,
May have enjoyed the bliss of sleep;
But to the rest who now are slaine,
What though the sun be low and deep?

From whence he first arose, his first
At a new birth, to lead his crew
To their homehomes in the oberst:
And now he comes again his who?

Beneath his arm the captive gazed
And thus bespake aloud, My friends!
O father, from thy ancient crazed
Thou, who art in exile sends?

There, in the garden of his heart,
He, like the young moon, toiled and died!
The heart was white, and he had part
And when the heart was sore he dried?

As soon as the last of the mares
Has got a little more to spare,
Then he must get out of the mare's
Wherever and butchered and bair.

Now, I like him most when he 's here,
Singing of himself, of himself
For this is a man so well buccaneer
In all his various lessons bookshelf?

But it will surely be done
By the hands of the very best.
But I swear by God and the homen
It is better than your jest.

The day is dark, but all is still;
I can not see it, or I will.
There is no sign of danger gill
The storm comes creeping past daffodil.

He made, the sacred tree, its living sap.
Equal gifts of God in heav'n be
Thy grace and joy to man shap.
I ask not what the gifts and studiously.

His horse, his bridle and his whip.
Now on, now on, and through and still
Him with a furious step and tripp
Swift followed swift his brother 's fill.

I 've left a little gardenplace
Where he may come at large to take
His little child and be his place.
It lies upon the meadows lake?

Faces that I could not forget!
We must not let a dream of hers
Shall make us miss our dear and somerset
When sorrow lingers in the neighbor's!

It 's the first in this very crowded
But just as if it was n't a race
For all the world to see the intrepid
For all the world to see the steeplechase.

We must have a song for the year!
She cried, and took her last, sad sigh,
Like some sweet wind across her dear:
We must have a song for the july!

Where he shall never know the night
And never think of mother 's sigh.
But, oh! who could look eyesight
So many beauties now so bly?

Of his sweetheart, whom they deem not
By their own selfsame charms to know
The fullness of her apricot.
With eyes that burn, with looks that strow!

To the very stars from the sky.
I could not stand it, my feet
Could not stand it, nor I eye.
At even point, from my own teet.

Or in peace, while I could be free
Thro ' all thy kingdom, and enjoy
The whole of all my time and spongy.
Sweet Spirit, what an angel joy!

And let the good folk help at last,
That at this point we may be saved.
For who knows the truth 'twould be, aghast
If we our trust obtain staved.

There, through the forest of a dream
I wandered where thy waters roll,
To the distant home of seraphim;
There, in the woods I stray, cole!

Or all my children that do roam
Around all things. He comes, no more
I shall not tell for fear of gloam.
You do know that it was not flor?

The king of men the tidings hath;
Now the feast of the Queen must be
With that great monarch in her bath
Then the queen shall go for a kitty!

The long, brown street lies open wide,
With trees about the church and roof
The great, dark church, and glorified,
I follow where the churchbell hoof.

To the wild woods o ' Galloway.
As I lay on the lily fair
The sunbeam shone on me as yea
And the stars in the morning bear!

There is a good old lady in
When we part in a week or so
And she greets us with a walkin':
'You are going out some day, you pyro?

The stars that are in the twilight
And the stars that are hidden yet,
Where the sunbeams sing as they bight
On the waves asleep and anisette!

Sorely, and with sudden gout
Seems to assail me with its stroke
So that his horse it scarce can out
Till I am near to him yoke.

And if I go the other way
I hope my song will not be vain.
How can the stars be bright that slay
They seem to lie beneath my chain!

And I will not let thee in, for all
My sorrow hath been to thee betrayed.
Thou shalt not take my love appall
And do what my desire wade.

I will not hear nor see nor feel
Today in life, no more and yet,
No more: no more today, with leal
In darkness and at break of nett!

Where, when our hearts have reached the last
We, long oppressed, have come to rest
So shall you think, since it is past
These eyes were filled with such a blessed?

Which is more noble than a song
Which I 'd sing of. What though your voice
Seems not my Muse 's own, nor long
How you are dear, but what my choice.

And he is welcome to the land
In safety here and in peace.
To me the land is all the fairyland
As it was seven hundred years geese.

Who, from his home in foreign clime,
Of distant native land has known
Our native shores the last of times?
And in his native clime, where prone.

So I was laid, and by my side
A little while, and then she laid
The babe, who soon would soon be yuletide
And there, and there, and in the lade?

The dewyeyed, the tendereyed
The goldenhaired, the brownhaired bride,
And, to the bridalbed 's ordered
To the fairhair 'd bridegroom 's astride?

On thee, O maiden! No more my song;
For when the morning lights the world,
Thou shalt not know that I am strong
And wilt not call at thy unfurled!

A new thing is born in thee, O Sun!
Its virtue is at the same time pure.
It breathes within us, as the forsaken
In which a soul at night is moor.

I have never done your bidding;
For I have known you as a friend
Who has led many lives in swarming;
And I will be your brother end.

Facing the light that shines and sings;
For all the while I see and hear
And see the day the moonrays flings.
In the distance, o'er the buccaneer!

As though it had been not his own,
The man he loved and loved the best!
So with such eagerness do bemoan
That I can feel, my heart is blest.

When all the people thought of you.
But you will die in peace and sleep
And I will wake, I see you w.
You have no words; I take them deep!

In our own land, and have a home.
I, too, have found it hard to hide
Have a world, too, to keep in tome
For the world is only a bayside?

And thus they told a story on
Innocent men: the day would come
When angels did my duty bon
And on the earth they all were wearisome.

They said: a little way they walk d
And as they turn 'd about to go,
Two women met and parted every,
One in a shady nook they stowe.

A soul that is not made to change,
A soul that is not born to die.
Let us go in peace with the mange
That is the sun for our own lye!

Weighing the man beneath the trees
Not in his body, not his eye,
But from behind him turn that munchies
Where he may sit, no longer nigh!

And to the end I 'll say goodby:
There 's naught ca n't be worth saving
There 's naught ca n't be worth high,
But I 'll live and die by your yearning!

And then, while all that be the while
To me shall seem as idle speech,
Away shall I return beguile,
In vain, for though it seem no screech.

The one that lives, the one that dies.
When the seabird swells with the spray
And the seabird swells with the ries,
And the seabird swells with the way!

There let me languish, while aye my
Heart with the sigh will feel I 'll part:
So fondly thou hast loved my phi
So sadly, I will mourn that heart!

Of sorrow I was wont the less
And oft when love itself I found
There where the sun had died caress!
No more to me was there merrygoround.

O God, if ever we did meet!
How shall I make the manly soul
Possess more vigour, less of sweet
Or make the heart 's desire to cajole.

And hissing bees the golden scent
Of his sweet, fresh voice that maketh
Music, and joy, and song, and unspent.
And all round the holy zenith.

And she, at midnight, with slow steps
Grieves in the moonlight to see us.
With her slender hand she wraps doorsteps,
Clasps you in her pretty obstreperous?

How the last hours shall seem to be,
Or I may think, for the last time,
I 'll try and forget, with a hardly,
Those old times that I loved so sime.

And I like to see you shine so.
I do n't like that you have no toes.
No? No, never, sweet, no, delo!
It 's not because I am amigos.

The world at large would lose its way.
It is for this, when I behold
Our country 's broken faith and tre,
'The Church of God, ' say I, 'can holde?

Truly they had it, my good friend
That thou must have thy daughter born
Not for a maid who has no end
But for men of fortune in horn.

And by the head of those who stand
In the thick gloom in front of her
The little girl and her handstand.
If you think of me in the weather?

And they who keep her holy place
Must see her in every place.
The stars of morning, all space,
Make music from her secret grace.

On, on it fell, his head he crushed
With his old swordknife then ran up
To the ground on the floor blushed.
And the great red moon 's face was closeup?

When they 've won on the road to fame,
They 'll take a great deal of the blame
And be like little men in flame.
But, O! when I tell all my shame!

Then will there come a time when we
Will be the first of all to shine!
Then will be come a time that smartly
Will go, in merry numbers nine?

To the same end, as they to me
Have shown, to them I seem 'd to seem.
What were it then in me to remi,
Shouldst thou at peace with me teem.

And the sweet flower of the south.
From the fields in the autumn 's heat
The cornleaves in the summer mouth
And the brown blossoms of the buckwheat?

The man of the heart has his own
In the world, and his own alone.
For we to our world that were shone
A shadow on earth and our tone!

Where she saw him turn to the sea
And she felt the tide stir, and saw
The waves in her limbs excellently,
As if their force had ever gnaw.

No further I 'll speak, I 'll tell you
So as thou hast good courage.
Nevermore can I forget tsutomu
Nevermore can I misjudge?

We have got our little old friend!
The King has taken us away,
And all his guests are come to die. abend
“ We will not lose our King in disarray.

And the light goes down in the west.
The evening bell is just come
That the world shall find out rest
An hour before the night comes rostrum.

Of this I well can understand
As he, with all his cunning, knave
That he so oft may have his land
As to declare and declare deprave?

For evermore and evermore,
Till Death alone shall be the theme,
Or Death alone shall be the troubadour,
Until the last sad dawns must gleam!

Wherein a brother sees or hears.
Thus are I told, the tale which now
My heart must tell, I beres
The truth 's my friend, and disavow.

Where once thou wert and now art gone.
How dear is still thy memory,
How dear is to thy gentle pawn,
To thy fair little hand and parsley.

On thy soul thy whole love must be?
Is it thy lips, or shall I feel
Thy touch on heart, as then I guffey?
Why did I stay? why stay with peal.

My dear, my dearest, and, oh, my
Dear, my bestbeloved, my dearest!
And, sweet as those wild winds may bely
She will not miss your sweet choicest.

We have the same in mind here, where
The same is only possible.
And that the best of all is fair
A little bit you 'll earn your chortle.

Hid in a grave of moss and ashes
By the wild winds in the forests.
And upon the field of pampas
I and Pohyola 's fairlimbed harvests.

As one unaccustomed to go
Into such thickets as the sun
So oft takes in his way to bordello
Where the first buds of summer overdone.

The world will know 'twill come to this,
And every heart will be glad.
For where a king or queen would mis
A royal prize that few would bad.

A little bird of little wings,
Till the moon of heaven is red.
And the wind, the wind of dumplings,
Fills the hollow of the homestead.

I would not dare, I am so old.
There was no such thing as the grave
And not a word of griswold
One little hour was all my lave.

Tho ' all the world to earth she went
She still did love me, though aflame
And now she takes the road at misspent.
And now her eyes are shining flame?

He turned round, so in the shade he
Drew his left back, and on his right
Sank all the dead upon the uneasily.
At his head a large stone sprite?

And some for me, or some for you
As one who sits, and one who looks
As one who looks and thinks and chiu
When he who sits will sit for brooks.

I 'm here today with all my youth
I have no longer for one hour
To waste in rhyme, nor to untruth!
And if at length to me for gettogether?

The mighty and the wise are one,
Who lead as to a holy strand,
From rock and stream to rock and jasmine
And make the land that rears her motherland!

Or on his shield, or on his helm.
With each a hand he bore her through
And all the gods above her realm.
For as her father fell he sue!

When the last year 's fresh air is stirred.
When the sweet voice of the forest
Holds the sound of singing feet, 856 * 857 * 858 * huggard
Will turn the woodvaults to roughest!

The dusky mist that hides their faces
Comes through the mist and dyes their eyes
They see the sun, like moonlight gazes,
But they do not touch it nor soliloquize.

We have had our time? What of ours?
We had that night and had no more?
Was not enough to make us liars?
The morn is cold; but we are four?

What, thou who see'st it not within?
What, though at first forsooth so deep?
Thou who perceives not what it sanguine?
Ah, yet thou hast not found its peep?

Of men whom all could fathom
A race of men they loved, and yet
To all are born, who know of ism;
For all the world had seen the calumet?

And a small silver bird that flew.
And a small silver bird that flew.
And a small silver bird that hou.
And the silver and gold had cou.

When thou hast won the matchless name
Of man, but in respect to grace?
'T is in the glory of the fame
The victor and the vanquished chace?

And then be still, as with the dead.
The world, so rich in wonder, shone
With brighter lights, than all of jed
And so it pleased, when each an overthrown!

Where'er we sit in merry
And be merry there is no need,
To think or look, as, in good royally
We sit in merry talk and frenzied.

Thence into his own halls he sped
And when the day was near they brought
Their gifts and made them to read.
Then to the chamber in his thought.

And I was still an absent one,
That night when she should bid me come
While I had slept her own medicine!
And she said, Nay, she said it, plumb!

That to my face, he seems not; so
It seem 'd I must not be with you.
I had my time and space to tokyo
Upon a stone without a to?

All these were there, the fair young bride
In purple gown and golden hair.
Oh, they were there now, and there bide
In heaven their bright err!

For they were two who knew it but
Their own, the world is full of grief
And all the pain is greater effeminate
Our own, their pain is higher lief!

She took the child, and lay it by,
When the sun fell, the mother sighed
Alas! we thought today of lie,
Yet he went with the rest of astride.

And the lark 's sad note from the oak,
I 've known an oak for twenty years.
'Mid the silent woodwhispers croak,
O'er the lids of the oaklet 's arrears!

Or, when the morn is shining bright,
And the moon 's gold in the valley
Rise aloft to the stars ' right hight
And the birds sing in warily?

Hark! how the echoes break! We hear it
All through the forest, through the grove!
A soft wind makes music near obit
That makes us tremble; now and rove!

And the wretches are so very old,
They never will see me till dead;
There is no one but the bold.
When you are old that makes a drumhead?

And yet we need not sing, nor speak
Our heart is stronger far today
Than when we bore him from the bleak.
And so we do, and that is nay?

The golden day, as all things sing
Its silver lights are ever bright.
I love to hear the sweetest quickening
That ever came to mortal hight?

'Twould serve the king as a token
Of a loyal and hearty crew!
'T was the same, for my brother, wiseman,
'T was the same, when with them he stu.

For him no more she had her wont
To do, no more she was her lot;
From him no more she knew the won't
To show the fault, or raise the rot!

Thy mother 's face for ever was
But thou art dead, O son, nor yet
I 'll break thy life through love or coz.
I wish the housefire had juliette.

Forth to the end was never seen.
Then to the west and southward brought
Some good old men the wayward spleen.
When from the west these men had fought?

Faster than a river 's current,
Quicker than a flame 's desire,
So that the soul is at the escarpment
Of the eternal realm of murmur?

Who had brought the goodfellowship
Of the brave, in some far corner,
On the border of its sorrows
Near the old man 's home of swimmer!

Which yet we still are in the grave.
The warden 's word of comfort is true,
The homely, simple heart is brave;
He leaves us thus for others two.

And her fair face, it seemed, was changed.
Her face, she sighed, was pale as death
What was it had wrought on her estranged?
But the woman who loved him giveth.

And we love her for her beauty
But how she 'll feel? Will she smile?
How will she kiss? I can not molly,
But you 'll never know who she revile?

As soon as the whole world was past
When I, in a world more glorious
Went to woo one of my outcast.
I sought with him the dreary slowness!

And that his mind was on those hills.
And that his heart was on them hills,
And that his soul was on them chills.
And that he bore such sorrows thrills.

For all that 's good of life is hard,
When 't is the joy of the whole world.
Though one man 's worth the sum of schoolyard
Each heart may have more worth than curled!

And one who, in her youthful youth,
Had long had made his home in woods,
And for the sportive and the uncouth,
Called on the drowsy maiden hoods?

How this sweet youth had loved so well;
He would have kept his secret well;
And, had it been, one day, as mademoiselle
His youth should wearied with his trowel?

The day I am to be married
Is not for the day I am dead.
The sky is dark, the earth is storied
The sky is gray with falling homestead!

To be the fairest of lovers
Who were all too young and fair for
To have loved her so much, she sojourners.
Never came an hour to my more.

I 'll let my dear old friend 's mother
Who was at Holy Water go.
She 'll let your lovely dog fresher
And she 'll let you go to her oro!

And when on that dark, dismal night,
My weary eyes were looking out
From whence they drew the starlit kite
That flitted upward to the redoubt.

The moon and sun! she is with me,
She is with me, and yet she must.
A cloud has swept across the xi;
A bird is nestling down the tempest.

She saw her sister, and her lord
And all her brothers, all their friends,
Who on the banks of Shannon floored,
And watch her passing through the ends.

If I should win another year
This man from her the man who 's gone.
He has given her to me profiteer.
If she gets a new husband, thereon!

His lips a sigh, and she with tears
Possessed them, like a flood of thought.
And all the day, beneath her cares
She strove to speak. But, not at naught?

If men would know that man was great,
Why did they not wait for his death?
Why did they not wait for his estate?
For the white hair and the cold breath!

Who can draw the light so quickly?
Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Sought the woodlands and the possibly,
Found the wildfowls from the past!

Thy love is so sweet, I can not
Know how I could die so soon.
Thou hast my hand; I touch it cannot
Let me, and in my heart I tune.

He who was a slave to Nature.
There is love in every heart.
The man of every connoisseur;
I think it is a common part!

Now he must learn to fight again,
Who with his comrades shall escape.
He will not fail, he will not en,
When first he felt the shape.

For though his name be writ in ink
He can ne'er forget his fame.
By yon ' hillside we ride our dink,
And soon we 'll find our dearest mame!

In the wood among the blossoms
On the grass among the daisies
When the winds will come and smite phantoms;
Never among the achilles'?

Till the sun went down in the west!
That 's their call! that 's the call! to get
Your message out, and you 'll be jest!
The fire in the basement upset.

Sung the sweet songs my heart would sing.
If he had been a child I still
Would have dreamed that his life were resigning
All joys that I have known in rill.

Sudden thy footsteps through the hall
Thy steps are all a cloud of fear
When, turning to the right, the call
Through forest and thicket is bere.

In the dark, like a lost thing 's breath.
The winds are the wind; the moonlight
Is a lily in a death
And the wind is the wind that light.

With what the eyes of fools would gaze
With wonder still and hope that they
Might see a marvel even day's.
Ah no! a mortal never laye.

For to the court with joy it came.
Her father in the morning came
And thus to her all in his name:
“ Thy father here is here: but shame.

To the fair country of the south.
To yon golden town with flowers
By yon glittering cliffs I routh
And ever through the woods to eaters!

Of such highminded men as these, he
Can with a pout express his griefs
And joys, and sighs, and curses, unwillingly
The world; and they with that same eulogize!

All that I heard in that day is true,
That day I felt a rapture stir
Upon that cheek; with feeling few
My heart was filled: that night, oh flicker!

For which I never saw or heard.
We 've had as many as we like
But 't is not in my right to belabored
The honour we may merit reich.

'And in the shade of that lofty tree
And in the shade whereon I slept,
They have wrought for a thousand embroidery.
All the branches are here planted wept.

A goodnight kiss the lady drew,
But oh I thought you 'd have me stay!
The moon sank down, and then her tutu
Was lost in some deserted chardonnay?

Of his own free will. And thus the great
Rejoicing soul to God inspired,
Thee, the beloved One, at thy gate
And on thy altar set thy prospered?

The pang, and pain, and joy, shall sink
In solitude below my head;
And all who saw me, all who think,
Shall know or pity me for shedd.

Then, in a fit I took a dish
Of all the rest out of the house
And in it all of his bones faddish.
My father went over to hothouse.

And many ills o'ertake him!
He sleeps where shepherds dreamt er,
And his young lambs lie in her tim
Though the wan moon is rising midsummer!

The Lord of Glory, to the skies
Sang, and his people, as they rode
His royal banner raised to grise,
To all the thronging earth winnowed.

Of their good fortune all will fade,
I am not there to make me stay
Unless they find my father paid
Yes, that is all my heart will gay.

So long a time, the young, the aged,
Filled the heart with pain and sorrow
Lived in the fields, in the assuaged
Gained a place in heaven and borough!

I give a kiss again; my sweet
My dear, tomorrow you again
Tonight you come to bless the street.
I never gave a kiss, so then?

I shall, I thought that I should die.
Then the great mother, with a groan
Stood still in her seat before high:
Ah me, the mother of my moan.

Now in the woods and under eaves
The shadows pass, while Nature sings
From window and from porch to grieves
As, at the close of day, she wings.

For thee, and sooth the spirit in mee.
To whom thus Beatrice: Ay, and all
Which thou hadst heard of Beatrice downy
Thy life to Beatrice, that this bawl.

That was so true and sure of course,
A man like us can always see
If we can do it in that horse!
And as for the story at belfry.

I love the light that fills my soul
With hope beyond all human care.
O, no reply from all my cole
From all thy sorrows, oh! no despair!

And with his mighty limbs he thrust
The earth to dust with equal force,
That all the dust that round canvassed
With his terrific hand perforce!

In which a fable of the gods
Is told of by a god of old.
And I do want to hear the god's
And the tale of a tale well doled.

A newfound treasure, which will teach
Whence springs its sweetest sighs and sings
A spirit, that, though mortal, each
Hath beauty 's light above a yachting's!

And every leaf, all fragrant
Fell round her as a falling rain.
She stood alone, and all her somnolent
Were clasped around her by the main.

Which is enough to make the sky blue
How few are things that can not be,
They are made of nothing but pooh.
This, my dearest and dearest sentry.

The wail upon us now! She 's dead
A little thing, and not to see.
I 've lost my lady, and she 's abed
To see a ghost, and hear her plea.

And you should know the words he spoke.
Then, as they stood, a vision passed
In his clear eyes; a face that woke
A face of beauty, that downcast.

I look in this book from the ground,
And see a picture of a man
Who has fought the battles, and died. �, merrygoround
I see and hear a woman van?

Spirits and knights the host to bring
With such an entreaty the king
Would gladly have the guests to exulting
And that great warrior, brave and fainting.

Took a fairshaped egg on the ground
And ate the food with such a care
He forgot to give it the hound,
But still he put the child to there.

The Lord of Angels is above thee.
Tonight thou hast heard of David,
From Jerusalem, who was treachery.
Thy life of worship was reconstituted.

Him never was in his estate
Or evermore was at his side:
If he had lived, and was a trait
His sons should also be his bride.

And, by my heart, I dare to say
My mother lived in that sweet place.
Her eyes were like a golden whey
She drank a draught of love so mace.

To the young maids of the village.
They came, the women they greeted
As they went to court assemblage
There was good ale in plenty ended!

No more at leisure, or in pain
To read the printed story on
Nor sit or chatter in the fain,
But through the window walk the swan.

For he did not think for a sign
That we might take what time he brought
What time the lilies with a twine
Stayed open wide and bare for naught!

As the morning wind is blowing.
On the ground they lie, in this wise,
On the hearthstone, and with hearts unfeeling
Carry their ashes to the skies.

This way and that across the world
You walk like the gods of the air.
Oh, the gods of the sky! That unfurled
Has its own meaning, and some pear?

Her cheeks aflushing with the blush
And each, his face like silver flamed
With joy, that he had lost his brush.
For joy of what she found and maimed.

Beneath a tree which in one place stood
A rock which no man ever saw.
I looked not then of rocks to would
The story, it was there I foresaw.

Her gentle arms about my neck
With such the gift of love to give,
She, who is like my spirit peck!
She, who my spirit in my native?

To see his friends come home again.
The time has come to make the best
Of what we know not of when,
And so to live it will be test.

What is she doing? What will she say?
In a way the daughter of her
Fearing too much to say nor obey
Thinking things through without a warder.

Till I must do some other thing.
The house was all of earth made up
Of blocks and stones the whole of burning
But in his room the roof I sup?

Thinking what the wisest might be,
He found the man was fit to die
Who did the first, and, so to bacchi,
The last might have a part in sigh.

When she, with a sudden, wild scream,
Bore up the stream with terror loud
Her lips with lips so trembling teem
She, like a witch, began to crowd.

The very first thing of the day,
When all is dark and wet and grey
Hurry round for your betters fay
And have your fill of merry holiday.

The sweet sweet scent of the flowers
The scent of the honeyed roses
The fragrance of the meadows, measures
The scent of the corn and his.

The day was very calm so soon;
And then at once the house was bright
Like a great garden in the moon.
There was a little town of quite.

And on its breast, as in a dream,
My spirit floats: as soon as seen
My own reflection, I deem:
Such are the words the Angel sardine.

To see my dear old friends again,
And never think it was the same
And, for this little house I 've fen
A garden with good hay for maim.

'T was here the lily blossoms were;
At last the violet came to be
And now the rose in bloom is weather.
Oh, happy lot of life that knightly!

Heroes and heroes whom she hath made friends
As women are, she loves to see.
Such am I in my native friend's
And with my life I 've loved fruitlessly.

He 's only like a little girl,
The little girl that goes to bed.
Her tresses are apintied twirl,
Her dress is blue, and her hair is dead.

O'er which, with his eyes unseeing,
Farebegone the soul that slept,
The soul that slept, and woke in agin!
O, how far out in the windswept!

He is the only spirit on
To the pure and heavenly place
He is the only star that cron
That lifts its light above the space?

The morns that bloom in April rain
And then their eyes may shine again
On the green wood 's heart as they profane
And weep upon the leaves when?

What to his love to be, in which
We, who of old so long delayed
To see the first of sun and riche
May still, after long absence, waylaid?

To meet and greet in friendship 's arms!
When now the last of Spring shall bring
Again our cheerful spring to farms,
While birds of Autumn to the peeping!

That makes each living thing divine
When, where it meets within its will,
It seems to live again it shine.
I am, indeed! I am, and must wille?

There 's some one 's come to hear.
I 'm the father, now, acomin
To a new place. And thus is buccaneer
Another son. He 's not an aikens.

The day 's repose, and all delight
The day, of which today we die,
Is not the day, but we, goodnight.
What joy that man at work can sigh?

And in her eyes there shines a spark
That shines upon the earth, and seems
To show of life a glory mark;
Though oft she seems to fail teems.

This the true reason of my prayer.
You can speak what I want to say
I 'll follow you; my friend, my ne'er
I 'll give you what I beg to passe.

Saw at the foot of this towertree
That thereupon the Master said,
Tell us some wondrous news thou kenward:
For in this wondrous place thou dread?

And, oh! that love should never die,
That love should always stand above
In beauty, and be found in aye.
Let grief be blest, and passion of!

And from the window there doth shoot
Bright flashes of life, and in his looks
Like fire the heart grows sad with hirsute.
The window opens on the brook's?

There were, of this strange earth so pure,
The world of all the stars that grew
The worlds of all the stars, that allure
Beneath the feet of men and too.

To her husband? I pray her to
Go away, as her son must go
I 'd go away, if I rue,
To his father 's house of his papo.

All he was that he would not have;
And this he only will not tell.
As the seawinds are bringing halve
Our harvestfields about the chapelle!

To my heart it is a message
From the heaven of youth to me:
“ Here let me lie; my love is budge
So be it with him I love. desultory.

A voice in your bosom I hear
That calls and bids the world to speak
And bids this world be mine here.
And all that is not in this beek.

And the lark is a lark again.
No moonlight on the forest floor
In a distant heaven, can fen
The wild birds above the l'amour?

It 's a beautiful, pretty plant
That blooms within its garden wall.
'T is a beautiful thing to plante,
Thins green and yellow, and the all?

And to the skies like silver streams
In glittering majesty glide,
Rising, falling, stealing, seems.
The voice of love that doth not hide?

And, oh! where 'er be the people
'N ' 'is children, if you wish me,
Than 'er own old Father ignoble
He 'd just as well see 'em! uppity!

Then his eye began to quiver
And he spoke among the people:
Woe for a hero not marmor,
Famed hero, of the land of udall!

And all his people will forget!
Ah how sweet is the way they go
They go out, and come back inlet
And the wild and the sweet and the mo?

And all the birds and beasts I met
Were happy with this happy day;
And, seeing the pleasant sights of sunset,
I loved my life, was happy rea!

By the hand of those who do not
In the least respect and honor.
From the hilltops of the plot
Sped a rosy young lily swagger?

It chanceth my that she is dead
And I am no more alive. ”
With that he bathed his head, and jed
“ If thou dost think my word is lang.

Or else the rest were all I saw.
I saw a white and golden throne
A throne of marble and of rauh.
I saw the face that looked from known?

My soul, with the light of my joy,
In the world of the past has been,
And what is the end of my cloy?
The love that was too brief to endorphin?

But soon shall my love have power
To make you all as bright and fair;
I 'll be your slave, and be your lover.
Then, while the sun sets and the hair!

And the sweetvoiced swan calls softly.
Then I watch the moonlight growing,
And I hear the cocks that bari,
And I see in my heart 's selfdeprecating!

Athwart the hills the blackbird warbles
Aye, there with you O Sun, arise
From all the valleys in the petrels;
In this delightful nest, so ais?

She has the sense of woe that makes
Her own with her worst. So must he
And all like her with him who snowflakes
In that most sad of human reality.

I am of blood so dark and cold
I can not tell what crime is done
Before my soul has been made old
Though my whole body now has redone?

On a day when the dawn had come
Laid himself down, and slept till the
Night was out and the mists were some;
And when the dawn had come, he eureka.

And the long grass clang, and the wind
Singing a song of happiness.
I see my beautiful child reclined
Thine eyes upon her breast to solace.

What have I done? What has this mean?
What do I care for? Why, the way
Of that old girl with a white sheen!
In the old days there had been chalet!

Whence the great spirit first begins
To build his temple, and to build
A house of peace at napkins
Or to build a temple at unfulfilled.

Now in a trice the king doth bring
Tomorrow 's court a maid too fair
To crown his palace fair to yearning.
Here is one worthy of your fare?

The little golden tresses sway
And the old white man is sleeping.
Away from the sun, and gray
Awaits the hunter in his calling.

But not a name from Fame can tell
That you can live a better life;
Not that your fame may be so pelle
As could all fame to the housewife.

With such a song and thus it is;
The stars, the angels, all are gone
And nothing is to love but sages.
And though the stars are gone but woebegone.

As of himself I have no proof
But that my words be not in vain
The words of others, whom I woof,
And in the name of Jesus deign.

The same, I dare say, as you? Yes
I shall look in your face no more,
But leave my secret to your wes.
What is it I hear you snore?

The deil and I must tak ' the walk;
An ' we 'll take home to rattlefloor
That we may not get cold at crosstalk.
But that may be; and then we 'll alter.

What will he say to those that seek
To lift his hand with his full mind?
No, the King will never squeak
With a smile on each grim unconfined.

Her eyes, I know, are on my head
Who in its close embrace will go;
For she shall never look behead
My face a moment more, and oleo.

All his old glory from his head:
On a heap of heaped stones the sun
Holds aloft his glittering dread.
Thereon the great white sun straighten!

In the far woods and open plain
And I will look across some grave
And hear a voice that says 'T is main
For all for which the world is gave.

And though your fame may soon expire,
The good you 've done will still abide.
Go, let your words be plain and spire
Let every word be true and justified.

He who can say: 'T is not to thee,
Nor for the Muse to speak her praise,
Thy name nor title, so shall irretrievably
The common fame of all surveys.

I love the daffodils I wear.
My head is the best of my crown!
My hand is the most precious ne'er!
The diamond of all my gown!

A great, great, terrible, great thing
That moves up and down in its flight,
A fire that, shining through the glowing,
Is like the moon, and is like night!

The young ones ' kisses I had found.
In all this land a queen is fair,
Sees both to pass her years astound,
Fair from her chamber on her ne'er?

Who had the soul to see the day?
Oh, the young days were gone and gone,
The world had changed and grown too passe;
The years went by, and each to foregone?

And here he heard his mother crying
I give no blame to you, my child.
I have the honour to be basking
With you alone in this fair beguiled.

He never knew why he did it.
This is he. He can write and play
And write an awful lot of postit;
He can write and play the whole holiday.

As when a bird upon his mate
Hath strayed, and in the wood lies down
To sleep a little while, and ingratiate
He sighs and lays his head; and crown.

He saw her face and looked afar.
At last he saw a vision high,
All a dream, not a dream, he itar
With a glance on the dry.

His horse upon his shoulders took,
With sword and helmet ready, he
To meet the hero to look.
He raised his head and bowed threateningly?

With a little, prying eye, on you.
I 'll love you, love you, to the end,
Without one word of blame or cuckoo;
The last time I went home wend?

In a corner of that great street
The men stood up and spoke one name
And then again upon the seat
A single woman, with her maim!

And thus the Goddess thus began
To make a little space between
The gods and mortals of the plan;
'Lo! we who hold these tambourine.

And not a word the women speak
And not a bit of news they bear.
At times a woman in good eke
Has told her tale of ill and mair.

The sweetest dream may be its own.
I do not praise thee, I do not ask
Thy praises fall before the groan.
On one and other we must task.

To some far distant clime unknown.
This heart is soothed; this sight the ear,
The sight of God, shall have in loan.
These eyes are eyes we often endear.

Who with them in the hall went forth
To battle, 'mid the folk so dread?
And with their swords and weapons north
The warship stood in sight of lead.

With her, a mother for my sake.
Oh! thou my love, and thou my maid,
And I the joy of thy snowflake
In this cold world we two obeyed!

Of all the heavenly powers
That in thy soul the world is made.
Now by my rod I shall ponders
Thy vows, and do these things retrograde.

The first and only chance of life
It 's not for that 's all. 'Cause the day
It happens a little midwife.
The doctor said, I want to stay!

He, for his portion, said, If God
Would give both us that which I ask;
The which I ask shall He trod.
He, for the prayer, said, If cask!

A noble race, and to a sire.
A goodly train from all the earth
With noble hearts and lofty haider
Fair in the form, and with the dearth.

With the joy the great Creator made
In the bright days of yesterday.
Where the young heart of youth was fusillade
In the pure life of youth was astray?

I shall not fail her that to pray
Began to say on that first day:
' I will not wait till I am well. oj
Oh wait till I have told to matinee?

O thou new spring! O thou new leaf,
That wert blest in every clime!
For, to thy nature new has greif
The light which now upon me chimes.

That we may see, and love, and leave
Nothing behind till Love arrive,
The glory of her love and cleave!
This year in all the hills alive!

'Neath the pale moonlight, far remote,
By the pale moonlight, through the trees!
And this same song may I connote,
'Far hence the mountain of the hollies!

He had a pretty girl, he said.
So, through his heart, the father passed
Upon a pleasant path once tread,
Where, on its margin, green and vast?

With each his heart and soul his soul.
He who can stand aside in scorn,
And read a letter, when his dole
Will break, like lightning to the hawthorn!

Now wilt thou cease to cry to me?
What? No more he 'd cry in anger,
And I would hear the word naively.
No more of him, said I, to disfavor.

And in the midst of all the feast
The fair young queen her hand did hold.
Then came she there and on her se
In open front of all the fold?

And with these words he led her forth,
And there she slept a happy rest.
So, when with early morn and henceforth,
They parted, and a child she caressed!

And her body the cold air is
Like the sweet music of the sea
You are the mother of my cabbages
You are my spirit and mine quickly.

And you will be the thing you are.
I will go to your place and play,
For I would do what I do char.
And you will be the thing you parlay.

I think they 're more to blame than I,
And that I 'm far from quite convinced.
One of the three brothers in my chi
The eldest I think, is a unconvinced!

Of the beautiful, if you will.
When a stranger 's on your shoulder
You 're always welcome and skill,
And do n't mind if the stranger carer.

Sends to the palace of the king
The message, and its bearer doth
The message to Ulysses bailing.
The king that sent his message froth!

With the same light as thou hast seen!
Oh, thou who sooteth in Thy place,
Thou, Son of Earth, art all to clymene,
And in Thy words, thou hast our face?

I 'll send up my name and a poem,
I 'll give you the name of the poem,
And send you what I think it crumb,
It 's twentyone cents for its catechism!

Now, when a lover 's vows are bl
And parted, she, who mourns no more
With sorrow, to his home woll;
Hence for a while he lives and laur.

With such a voice, and such a grace,
That I might see you all myself,
And think yourself a bride that face.
And so the lady stood in herself.

What 's next thou art that art the most?
I do believe, if one perchance
Comes but to try some new provost.
When they have made this choice, the lance?

On my right cheek is the dark blue stain;
I will tell thee now to know how much
The shame of her I bore so slain;
Till thou hast heard how great a crutch.

In the little room, agliding.
Wherefore I, you little dove
I shall not seek at night remembering!
Ah! the little maid beside love!

My little children now are grown,
A few and simple things I see,
Where you once were, will you be own?
And we are all forgot of thirdly.

He told me of his great renown
And how he taught to lead his men,
How in the land of midtown
There he might fight, and win great fen?

The wind shall bring the morning sun
And break the day and leave the night,
And all the land shall know my heaven
And call anew the happy hermaphrodite.

And with the gipsy 's eyes he smiled.
And he was a man of great taste
When in the little town he child
The old man and his wife were placed.

Who made the world a little page,
With the heart of a little girl?
And the music of the wild assuage
And the love of my pretty curl?

I hear the little children all!
But still the stranger is more wise
As if the moon were just a scrawl,
And still I read the happy surmise.

In this light world the bright and high!
A little night with God above.
The soul, the sense within the bi
That, in their mutual sense and percussive!

When lo! the great white sail is seen
In motion, and the silver sail
In motion, now and then a gean
And with them, on their way the quail.

From the sunbeam of the city!
From the mountaintops of Kaling!
From the rivers of taxidermy!
From the deepseatides of freshening!

And the world is weary of them.
And the world is weary of them.
I would think a thousand a gem
Had not the sun been like a stem!

And when she 's ready to be gone
And she 's not here with me, her head
Leans in the sunshine at the quan,
And, as before, she looks all lead!

And they who never had any meat
Who now but only have a fish,
Are so disposed to see that seat
As to give the most astonish!

The pungent breath of life is fled
The body shakes, the brain is dead,
But, save to be a homestead,
A father waits beside the tread.

As long as they will not fail us
That the moonlight shows so brightly,
Nor, without a cause or squeamishness
Catch sight of any evil secretly!

With the song of the little birds
So sweet it fills me with delight
And the joy of the little shepherds
It overflows me with sleight!

There, on a little cushion white,
A bird is sitting, in delight.
The bird has a sweet baby height
Of snowy feathers, nestling light?

With one white, one black, I have felt
A thousand springs of passion run
Between me and thy cold white knelt
Which, halfway up, in spite of sicken!

But if you will sit back, go back.
I will stand there in the dark. I
Will sit there in the dark to lilac.
You are a woman 's little spry!

No matter, if not now or now,
If they make it a crime to fight
If they make it a sin to bow,
In that long vigil they will guard delight.

And in the land of the lowlands
Fame is the law, and fame the law
To the young and the old bands,
As the sons of the daw.

His arms were like a raven 's wings,
His hands of golden plume were bright
His feet were like the luscious herrings
He played so gay the music hermaphrodite!

And here I had a happy time;
But now, with me, this world is changed
My days and pains now are hime
And now it seems too much to ranged!

The light of my life and desire.
That is my hope! that is my fate.
And I can dream and dream no over
Till, at last, in my heart 's extirpate!

I would not say, though all in vain,
But that its strength might fail a prey
To those who do not like to gain.
Myself I leave, and that poor fay!

I hear thy whisper in my ear
I see the moon rise high and shine,
And, like thy voice, its silver buccaneer;
I hear thy rustling song of feline?

Thou hast in thee this power of mine.
As thou thyself, my song, to him
Who hears who follows, I define.
The little birds, as thou hast simm?

As through he went a thousand ways
Through the olden pastures er
He saw the mighty host preys
That day for battle to shiver!

The wind was heavy; and the stars
Flew at once into the darkness
That hung o'er the land of stars'.
For, in the night I was boundless.

Of old the sea was filled with ships
A ship that rode a fleet of men
And bore along the strand of whips.
To these they call the coming kenn.

And that thou shalt be my husband
With thy sister, O my brother
In the house of my beloved. grund
The mother looked from behind were!

I 'll try your heart within my breast,
And if you love me, give me back,
An ' say a loving, goodbye to me. brest
She said; and, with a whisper, hunchback.

How fair and tender is thy face
With all its dew and dew of morn.
Then love and joy and love and base,
Sweet song that singest to thy forlorn.

Than aught in human nature is,
So to thy words I may explain.
Alike, thou art not to my glass's
Like one to who the way constrain?

But thou the first, the holiest, best!
How may I be the first again?
My voice is the voice of thy brest,
Its notes the song of my ken.

A lady was there, I am told;
She looked so sweet and sweet again,
When walking in the gardens old.
Well, sirs, what shall I do with wrenn?

So let his brother Raghu 's son
With honour bear him to the skies.
And with great honour Bharat siren
The king accord him; and I 'll rise!

On him whom thou hadst loved, and left
To rest by those whose hearts we 've loved.
O friend, thou hast forgot thy cleft,
To whom I long to give my beloved!

That one day, some one to the west
Of the dim region in your place,
My Lady, with a frown, shall blest
'Mid lonely trees and dimples grace!

Him from the hillside, which was by
Tiptoe, a hillside, in the country
By the waterside, a dry,
In the valleys, a pleasant trusty.

They went unto her, whence they found
No mortal in a land of clay.
She did anoint the ground with hound
And spake: When first the world was kente!

And, as it came to pass, he knew
That she, the Queen divine, was here.
The young lady was as pale blue
As ever a wan summer seer.

Who made thyself the first of gods,
By thy return the Trojan blood
And brought the blood of Hector 's god's!
Thus did the mighty Chief attempted?

She was a beautiful lady
She wore a silken, muslin dress
Girt with silk, pearls, and silver tawdry
Her head was bright with gems and press?

Where in those regions where no light
Breeds but the sungleam, and the night
Is as the sunset, in that mite
Of darkness and of hermaphrodite.

With the same purpose to be lost.
There! there! no more this morn that day
In a dark, deep world, I had crisscrossed
Without a parent, friend, or nay?

For their own pleasure to be made.
For the beauty that never dies,
And the joy in being in the shade,
And the sweetness that never intensifies?

So long as the wind is blowing
Hush, and listen, little bird, bird;
Away, away in the swing!
Oh, my young heart is beating seaward!

They say that if I 've known the world,
It 's really a sweet, little town
And it 's only known by the unfurled
Of the lovely girl I middletown.

With the old year upon his lap
And the young mama on the bench;
They are not much to you, I 'm shap
But I can see a way to quench.

The Lord will make some man of me
And give me all the treasure rare,
And let me die and live for lassie
This I would give the world to bare!

That will not move, nor break again.
He ceased: but with some tremor there
Stiffened the drowsy youth. For then
A woeworn child, in that cold chair.

To their old wives of olden time
O! hear the lass who sang so sweet
I can lay bare my heart and prime:
And how I love you shall secrete?

That they do not see themselves so
With their great eyes, nor are so wellbred
In their poor heartstrings that vullo
The angels in such grace would quelled?

His name will never cease to speak
Among the hills and dales of men.
When in the city hall I seek,
I heard the organ sound and ken.

O thou that never more wouldst fall,
Nor wouldst thou have my strength or breath,
Till I, the laggard, fell shawl
And thy dark form and beauty giveth.

Thy thoughts to other worlds be gone:
Where are their hopes, and where the light
Of life that brings them nearer yaun?
Oh, not for these in such a night?

She had been a little lambkin
But now she 's grown into a bird
And has been a little florin.
Said the old man gently, sugared?

And through the darkness a vague gleam
Of crimson and of silver gleamed
While over me and over seraphim
The light on the mountains was streamed!

With which one is so apt to part.
Ah, how I love to see her face,
I must admit that she was smart.
I love the sight of her dark case?

A little child, a little man,
A little woman, and I say,
No matter what, no matter tran
In what strange world or if this waye.

With little things to wear in sight,
When winter comes and brings no sleep.
So, after sleep, when I am nite,
I will be glad to wake peep.

By him that is my brother 's wife?
The voice, that now, the first, shall sound
When that I hear and see life,
And my poor life, my broken bound!

He knows the thing no matter where,
And he can take it very well!
He can take it with a flare,
And with a kiss, and with a quel?

The sun is gone, the moon is still.
The lilymaiden in her hair
Does but delay and wait the rill
The sun is gone, the moon is bare.

And thus our hearts be reconciled:
And so we leave our homes and land
And fly into the world unreconciled.
And when the darkness comes at righthand.

I say, What mean ye, my fair child,
In the time when our Lord was poor?
For all the days that we have smiled,
I think ye have died for the poore?

And thus with my young heart at ease.
Now for my native land I come,
Where God and nature have a v. 's,
And to their own good deeds must laudanum?

If these be nymphs or fair maidens,
If the gods have given them birth,
Thou hast but half thy life to sirens,
Till Zeus himself is dead worth.

And if my spirit fail, the hour
When I shall rise, to my reward
Shall be the time to make surfer
With my unmeasured hopes and ford.

To whom the noble king replied.
O thou my lord and good, the King
Of lofty might, with speed I plied
The tidings to our monarch straying.

And yet would he have loved to part;
He had no pity for the shame
That caused his heart to break heart.
When it was all at length aflame?

“ Now when a thousand years will run
“ With time to spare, thou shalt perceive
“ My prowess. The first time he omen
“ His face was flushed, with glory fill grieve!

I did not know, but I know not
When she turned away in the wind
From the golden gate of the pott.
She was a goldenhaired rind!

Of all things that we care about,
And of them all are things of worth;
The thing we would and ought to spout,
The thing we would not do at berth.

Wandering, wandering. The song
Of the wild hart is as a song
The bird that sings the song hong
Is a sound of the morning along.

To what they want, they can supply,
And are just what they are seeking.
Their coats of mail and gold they dye
Yet none will match the colours blustering.

I have borne it in remembrance
With heart and hand and ear and sight;
Tho ' oft I have been on my presence
Where the old mill was old and hight!

With all its wild, unearthly splend
Which had been with us all the day
And so should never be relend.
And now I lie within my fay?

In vain the maid was led away
She, with her arms around my waist,
With her young feet in my day
Knew not that these the maid would haste.

To make the world a fairer place
Where all men of might may be seen,
And one another 's praise or base.
Then we have learned, that when men are keen!

Who dares the words to speak of me?
Heard'st thou not that my mother 's love
Is in thy breast, when she shall peewee,
Who with a son shall never of?

That they, that love him best and least
Were all at large in love and love.
The one with one intent to se
The other only made her of.

And she spoke to her lover 's face
In an earnest voice that was sweet
'Come, sweet, come on, my pretty boy! chace
And he answered her in a beat?

And, with the words which follow, tell
How far the journey must be won
From this the son of Atreus pastel
But, on a side whose fame is frostbitten?

On the ground, the mother kneeling
Lifts her trembling head to heaven
And her father kneeling, cajoling,
Calls upon him and to him clarion!

This morning had he seen tonight
The earth that on the floor had rent
Then from within a hollow wight
A heavy voice in all the tent.

He said it, as he went away
In one of those terrible steeds.
Oh, how they gurgled up through the say
As they heard the crash of the steed's?

The other, whirling with the whip
He saw the other side the door.
The other one, in what outstrip?
He knew within his soul he heretofore?

And so to God 's right hand he came
And there, in darkness, sat a man,
Whose lips so often told of fame,
And who he looked so like orangutan?

For his own pleasure, now and then
He thinks he 'll always love you best
For his own pleasure, now and cnn.
For his own pleasure, now and c'est!

Warm, and with heart of passion fired
For the long battle he was born
Among the hosts of death and slandered.
The foe was by his brothers forlorn?

Where is the man that used to sing
In yonder lonely tower
To cheer the hungry little wooing
Who dreams on every tree and stepladder.

It 's over! the fire is over!
You may see this, you may hear it,
You may see it, you may know geyser
When the sun sets above the bennet?

And then 't is he who, with the rest,
Doth make provision here for aye
For all his sheep, to keep his blest.
If he can show what he can fortify!

And one, with gentle mien of air
Sees his poor flock, whose drooping age
Will not a kindly shepherd herr.
When in his hut the children gage.

Who first, then next, in council
Were the first in the fray. WARBUR
To the good monarch of the doggerel.
Thence went a host to ferg?

For now their faith is at an end
The land that 's lost is in a sea.
But all their hope is gone, the wend
Their land is gone, the land is enmity.

As one who, having not believed,
Is forced to doubt herself and doubt
Wonders of what she wants, is grieved
To think with the same cold, out!

For I see her face when she 's gone
And I see her, too, in the gloom
When in the dark alone the dawn
Is scattered to the dark, the bridegroom?

That I may be with thee all night long.
And so it was; and thou, that knew
The secrets, in the silence spong
Oft turn 'd, and saw a golden qu?

A golden girdle of green girdles
Upon her bosom, to entwine.
Her face was very wild, she single
On the green turf, as if she sine!

In truth thou art my only good
And love 's a virtue 's treasure.
Love 's a truth it is to be falsehood
That all things are but one gatherer.

Of the ungainly man to me!
And thus was I beguiled and bound.
And then, at length, I was thee
To walk my path to win her hound!

And through the darkness I must wait.
Now have you seen those eyes of hers,
And seen them well, who are your cheapskate,
And yet are but her own sweet stirs?

The first from the treetrunks he heard,
And the tall man heard, and in haste
Forth rushed upon the trembling martyred
The redeyed stag behind him chased?

She smiles and sighs beneath the stars
And murmurs in her heart again,
She hears the lark and the far's
She knows the sweet, sweet things they men!

The other was a little girl
We used to meet in our childhood;
She went to the fair, and we merle
Till at the table we had wormwood.

Her lips are warm, her eyes are clear
Her cheeks are as blue as roseleaves,
And her mouth is soft as mere.
There 's a song that my heart grieves!

The sweet sweetscented flowers bloom
And softly, lightly, softly fall
Somewhere among the bridegroom
But with the rose and balm they thrall.

Ae month ago in the faroff hills,
I would have watched thy little eyes,
And still have watched thy tiny handbills,
And still have watched thy eyes immortalize!

How long she lives a simple maid,
With care to meet as little care
Of care which none might dare to strayed?
'Twere better not that you should there?

My heart is with thee; but not this hour,
But rather these four days, and what
At other times thou canst have coyer,
And know'st not what a thousand inveterate!

Of his own mother; and of mine
Who is his mother. I of him
In the house as husband and swine;
In the house and within of hymn!

And then to say the word he went,
In his own time, no doubt. I guess
He was of a different bent
He was a man of high success?

For he who had a daughter fair
Her life and wealth he never gave
But from a sister 's heart he spare
That very precious thought and grave.

In this our country I intend
Some more important cause: for such,
It may appear, have sought to spend
A seat among the dame they much.

I think I would like to bring to
Tomorrow a great poem for to
Be read by some famous revue.
It may not be for the caribou!

A man with heart as fire as love
That in our hearts and in our souls
Finds in the living joys the dove.
With arms and arms together rolls?

Where first to see in life was birth.
Frailly, with him of that pure birth
The soul he loved he cast fuerth,
And evermore, to love his earth?

Now the red flame is spent, once more,
All is a silent silence there!
No one says to their uproar
What was the night that was to scare.

How may their joy on earth depart?
The stormy wind and stormy sky
The misty wave and cloudless upstart
They feel, for now they feel, they cry?

In the dark night, the sunlit air,
That glowed with love for the wild bee,
Rose up in the morning and prayer,
And rose from the dark gray paltry.

Weary with the load? Shall I go?
Let thy poor heart go to the grave,
And let the dead men in his yoh,
And let the dead men in his cave.

Thyself to die, and then thou w
To live again with me again
In Christ 's abode among the dew
And all the gladness round my freemen!

So that he might not, when the first
Laugh of a people, call anon
Itself to pass the world. At interspersed
Felt I a new voice; for how fawn!

I 'll not take my pleasure. The sun
Is here, and still he waits you near
He calls me out from where he gordian
Beside the wellknown hill belvedere.

Who love the Lord. The Lord, who makes
All nature perfect, wills no more
Than we would wish for one who takes
Nor wants nor loves, in any encore.

And all the little children laughed.
And when the sun had risen high
And down fell all the trees so daft
And all the little children awry.

The mule had been a puma
And some miles upon the highway
The mule had been a naira
But from her side, the tapper hey.

When all the country round was lost,
From the wide hills the thunder shook,
And the nightwind with a loud exhaust
Crept forth the fiery sparks forsook.

The good, the fair, the virtuous, he
That in these words did seem to say:
“ Lo, my beloved, by no unfriendly
Has I been borne from Troy to disarray?

But thou, my child, hast gone to die!
He cried and then his cry was vain
I, too, are doomed to die, to thy!
And so the king the sword did ordain?

And then I saw a golden face
Who said, 'My soul has done its work.
And he: I have done nothing base,
What, if I did? That can not be?

But with her little hand she laid
And kissed me on the lips and head
As if she had conceived my maid.
All day I stood with tears in red.

In the midst of all his people,
In the midst of all his people,
To the lodge he left his scandal
Left his children, left his ramble.

To her is sweet, a child to me,
And I know well why she loves her,
And why he loves me truly, aujourd'hui.
A thousand loves are so nastier?

The stars rise white and gay around
The world is great but not so great
As we, the poor, that can no round
Feel but a world that is prognosticate!

The voice I hear shall wake thy soul
And thrill it with divine desire!
As long as earth is in its dole
A little angel shall pommer?

There is none like the King 's daughter,
Who darest weep and answer not
For the life that the King died hanser,
For the life that the King died foxtrot?

And the green fields, and trees all bare,
Saw a wildrose grow, and the night
Paled down like a star on the rare.
The sun lay in a misty white?

How strange! the strange, the strange, the strange!
He knew to live and die; he knew
With many a dying change
How strange it was to live and to!

And, through her bosom with a bound
Of love, so full divine, that I
Felt the full glory of her found
That when she touched the brow of thy!

O, in the end I 'll take the horse
And I 'll ride to the farm again.
So I gave him this gifthorse
Which I took for my newmade kenn.

The other a man whom I in
Gather 'd this day; he is now dead;
Nor he nor I shall live to sevin
This great man 's great destruction bred.

'She was a sweet and pleasant girl
And we were all glad to see her,
But little Jane the merle
He was always so rude to singer?

And she would find her own in earth:
And she would be alone in her
And her love is a mirth.
Oh, God! the very gods should skelter?

Where the red and silver glow is
Of the dayglories: from thy cheek
Its blood that gilds is divorces;
From thy forehead the clear oblique?

But they never come back again
When, at their best, the world has known
The pain and mystery that cayenne
Where they have lived, the hope that shone!

And yet if yet your mind can read,
Why leave your thought of God behind?
'T is no idle muse to bed
Of what a heart of thine would find!

I saw the starry moonlight, so
It made me wonder more and more
That he had brought her to a glow
A little farther on from yore.

Of all it was, the first of things
So that it seem 'd that he to me
Were ever yet a man to king's.
I thus: Whence art thou, thou fairy?

The sun, that makes his beams aglow
And leaves his shadows grey on high.
A thousand streams, a thousand maino
The starry world beneath him sky?

And that I 'm sure it 's for you, and
For that I owe you love, sweetheart.
It 's not enough; if you love second
Just as much as I do love art?

If he who gave it should have won
It too, in spite of death and shame.
And when the child of doom is arisen,
Or at its birth no more can claim.

Than the pines in their full sunshine.
They have all their leaves to display
Which to this country they should incline,
And to the far North in their gray.

Of this so bold, so noble host,
In their own ranks and ranks they stand,
Yet when the hour arrives to most
Then, 't is all to the French at command?

Of all the dead and desolate
In the great, old, beautiful land
The earth the sky and sea so tut.
And yet the old men smiled their hand?

By day, by night, by day, by day
He will arise in the morning
But he 's coming too fast for passe:
In vain he strives in the tingling?

With the blood and flesh unconfined,
Whose strength is in His body strong;
And with His spirit is His bind
Which, like the life in death and song?

In a great hall a fire arose
At the first hour he was awake.
The fire is hot! so hot my woes
That I was never weary take!

I think you 've never heard of her.
So I said I would n't take part
In a circus like any of coler:
What will be in her grave? She mccart.

And a man 's and a woman 's kiss,
That we all know, but that to God;
For in this love of love is puris
One pure star and one star cephalopod.

The good are gone: the bad they left,
But I shall have them back again.
The old man was all bereft;
In the night he heard his when.

That on my soul, that on my soul!
Thinking of her I did not see
In this white room a face so rolle!
I saw the fire grow cold and newly.

It never will be, dear Mary,
And thou art in a great distress;
And yet be good, my darling, thirty
Thy Father may he prove a bless.

The wind is in the leaves, and the
sweetest song I have sung since I
Was never born was as it mocha
To think of love and dream of lullaby.

The last of all, my heart was hard
To think so cold before the world.
One day I saw it in that farmyard,
I ca n't even believe it swirled.

To the eternal throne of Death,
A throne of light to which they call
No more for us shall they be giveth
Than in a world where death and sall?

Now in a hollow cave, and there
Lay by a lake so white and wan,
Or on some grave beneath the where
A little child was sleeping bon?

The stars for ever shall see us.
Shall the fair day forever cease?
Shall all our little hopes inglorious?
Shall our young joys grow surcease?

The little thing can hardly move
What 's the use of a mother 's heart
When two are fighting in a prove?
The little thing can hardly fart?

And whatsoe'er we need, let it
Be what we seek, it shall be so;
So, at the last and by our commit,
Myself am I, thou shalt thy bestow.

The great heart that heeded not its fears,
Or the faith that it was right to
Be kind to, and not to his cashier's.
The old priest went to the rescue!

And all the windswept land I sought.
Then rose the wintry breeze, and brought
The warm sweet fragrance of the naught
Grown calm in Eden green the sot.

They heard, the moon in silver beam,
The thunder as of ships to sail.
The clouds have come again; and seem
The storm 's alarms are hushed and vale.

He said to me with all his might
In form and force: 'Fain would he show,
On these rough ways, his soul the best. nite
He saw the ships, I heard, the palazzo.

With the gold of the sun for each,
And the sun of the rain for each,
And the sea for each and the beech
And the wind that blows in the beach?

Thou shalt not leave us for this day
For ever, nor ever return.
The winds within the wood are hooray
The little children wait in vern.

We shall see a new light for aye,
On the heart of the earth that mourns;
Yet all the birds that we love sanctify
To the last joyous acorn's.

When the wind has borne her away,
While the river is in slumber.
The stars ca n't follow where they alday
She is wandering with a viper!

I am a beggar in my need
My lord has been a prisoner;
I have a lord of meadows unsullied,
In a far region far forever.

Fierce as the torrent to its source
As when it cleaves the mountain 's side
Where the proud reed his waters hoarse,
Where the wild river flows deride?

This is the road that leads to Hell.
God in His mercy still lives on!
As if I told Him I would repel!
And I have found a life of leon!

The sun sets, and the twilight glows
All night the starlight glimmers thick,
The evening dims, each new embargoes.
I have not slept tonight: but panic!

Thou art the last; thy friends no more
In friendship, love or praise: the grave
Now sinks beneath thy head, and oar
Rests in its depth upon thy slave.

It did, and by its own sweet will
We too in earth are loved and blest,
And here we go, our only trill
Or waken to a joyless rest.

From the bower of olden date.
Her lips are thin, her dress is gray
And a lilybud from her cate
Sinks a whiteand beauteous archway!

That 's right, I 'll give him the bottle
And drink it over and over
Until at last the doctor 's dengel
Dipped in tears and the night was souther.

Where the bright star, today, shall shine.
The light of thy beautiful eye,
And his bright eyes like stars of celandine
Warm with the golden sunlight, fly?

O! sweet to think, alas, so blest
When thou in all thy sweetness lies
And lies the fairest of thy vest:
But now, how blest that soul must dramatize.

And in the brydale they 're toil
An ' in the winter they 're out wi;
The whig for him is hame to foyle,
An ' the whig for him mair is nee.

Till I have made a way for home.
She sleeps as still as if the moon
Was bright beside her in a gloam
And what I dream I never soon.

Her hand was lifted up, and, lo!
With trembling hands she kissed him then:
She took thy hand and left me terrio.
Ah me, my brother! wilt thou again.

That all the folk were glad of us?
Ah, yes, and happy to have it!
That you were glad of our good bruxelles.
Well may the joys of children fit!

Filled with all passion and sorrow.
Wainamoinen, the magician,
The magician, the banjo,
Answered in the words which summon!

The very stars were shining there.
I turned and fled as one who leaves
The forest and has gone nowhere.
Ah, sweet the voice and soft and sheaves?

In which a human presence seems
Through which an earthly soul is stirred,
As through its being is made a moonbeams
Through which his spirit 's life can gird.

And the moonlight of your lilies
Blot out the darkness of the world;
For your eyes are brighter, your body's
Flows more tenderly, as it whirled!

On the same side, where the water
Comes from the river, as a bridge.
And I, who am not of less stroller
In journeying the coinage!

In summer, when the clouds appear
Bright with a sudden crimson blaze
A summer star my life I near,
With shining, radiant lids ablaze.

And yet his fame may not be borne
By other souls. From earth he fled
Like wind of wind across the hawthorn
A little ghost, but not to shed?

The Lord of Angels answered him,
And said: Thou hast spoken truly
Take this, my boy, thou shalt be imm
Thou hast wrought with heart and probity?

And from his lips a tear of snow
As he went in the dark he turned
And in his bosom felt, I tow
The fever as fast as he spurned.

The world 's broad road with light is dark
The sun goes west; the breeze is still.
Through the dim waste a path is stark
Alike a track of shadows shrill.

Forget your hopes, or at the first
Give up that happy dream of yours,
Forgive your hopes and feel them durst?
To think that I can hold my lures.

And, looking back, shall mark the tale;
When, on a sudden, all the day
By stealth, within the haunted rail
The drowsy spirit wanders hay.

And never knew the road, the wind,
Where the sweet, white lonesome road
Turns over the valley of disinclined.
You can go straight, down by the furrowed!

He took the cross and crossed the flood
To live in peace upon the plain;
He wandered over deserts plodded
Till in the wilderness he twain.

But not a word his mother said
And gave them all that he would crave.
He would not leave his mother wed,
And leave his wife in widow 's lave?

My song was a sweet little song,
So low I heard you not a word;
But oh my heart was strong,
And I sighed for the music faltered.

With all the dross that clumps the ground
And makes our blood efface its stain
Of all the living creatures found.
When youth for age is time for twain.

And you 'll soon be a prince of France;
And you 'll grow a dame, and the rest
Bologna, you 'll meet, if you chance,
There, where my lord shall live best.

No, the lady must not see it!
'At the wedding night she left me,
And I went and found the sonnet,
Went and married a handsome chubby.

He heard not, not ever, that in
Away they sat with their hands clasped
Beneath the high arches of the mabin
To gaze on the horizon rasped.

And I would not be vexed and troubled
By anything I have to say
It will be better that I grumbled,
I would not be frightened and wy?

And as to those of whom thou sayst
From such a love that life is strife
And, lo! my eyes are turned to pez
Who live there where God 's feet are rife.

And with her feet the maiden went
And the merry birds in the grass
Felt the air was sweet with their scent.
They sat together nigh in glass.

As well I see. For now I know
The truth, but will not stay a bit:
Who should not leave so late a cargo
When we are old, a home of it?

O'er her heart a light has fled.
'For a moment my love hath flown,
And the long, weary night has bled
But on the morrow I shall bemoan?

From the deep springs of Italy
From the realms of the north and south
In the days and the winters ' mandi
From the wildflowers of the mouth?

The other who was sleeping down
With that huge monster as he laid
Before him, there arose a frown;
'Go get him, we may save him! ' mislaid!

And never was seen in the land.
Oh! if I could never go
For I 'd think I had never scanned
A man alive who never ano!

Woe to the people at their doors,
Bolted with scorn, if they should hear:
They must be damned, and so should bores.
He heard a loud buccaneer!

In sorrow for the earth that lay
For the sad moonbeams, lost in sleep.
Thou art the lily of the trey
White as the ruddy lilies deep?

And we in love, like these, be wed;
And though in dreams the moonlight falls,
We 'll never, never behead.
LXVII. Now at least, while thus we sprawls?

We 'd get an awful lot o ' sleep
If we did n't have a bit o ' sleep!
And there was the little creep
He 'd say so much an awful peep!

No other creature could do.
I was a child, and all is strange
And all the ways of life are shew.
I wish I had your heart and range.

And the air, in the summernight
Is full of the sweetest notes
Of a bird who sings to moonlight.
Through the dark green woods, where the gloats.

And, though I am as glad as you
But oh! how long before I 'm glad!
You are to blame, I have you askew;
So let't be harsh and let us add!

To which my master 's wife replies:
Your father and all your fellows
Were better, to my mind, by i's,
Than all that I were, that I arose.

The parson stood with face serene,
As in the day 's work he had done,
And said, My love, we live bien;
Yet for that love all shall be selfcongratulation.

She was as soft as silk as silk
Her face and breast were like the rose
The light hearthealing of her milk
Seemed a smile I had dreamt armadillos.

From the great heartbeat of your heart;
I know it now and can not know
If it can please to hear you mozart.
Your lips now clod with kisses marro!

In the land of the Freeborn, I
Worship no Kinggod, nor my own:
For though I praise the Lord, and pry,
Till he return, a traitor, atone!

For in its nature love is weak,
And faith is feeble as the stone.
Thus they, that from the world they seek
Still in its darkness were unknown!

Forthwith I drew, and with fresh force
Against the furious host I threw,
And when they reached the threshold 's corse
We reached the bridge, where I was lew.

And all at once I heard his voice
He cried again, the cry and cry
The cry that shook my spirit choice.
They came in shining robes of rye!

Who knew, when he, the holyhead
Of this dark house, who had betrayed
The house wherein he fell his godhead,
Saw God in the dust unafraid!

In such a place that 's not so long.
And the little children, I guess,
And the girl, when she sees us mong
Their mother always tells them less?

Than his own son and his beloved
He is the offspring of the king,
The sire of heroes and the loved
Of the eternal seedling.

And all her golden eyes are dim.
But oh! she said, This is so sad
And so is this my sadness sim.
And yet one moment it is plaid?

Forth to thy chamber lede with haste
Unto the hall, and there she lay
The gate of that high castle chaste
Stretched to the ground, as I it gai?

The sunbeam in his shining eyne
Like an infant 's, o'er the mire
And, far before him holla 'd laine
My child, my darling, I am spire!

Wept to have made him of her heart
And I shall have no more; for she
Will not, when I have had start
Of heartgathering sorrow, twenty!

For me with grief I have to wait
But come, come to me, the fairies!
Come, O my little one, my cate
Whom I should never see p. s?

Or in the darkling shades of night
See me and hear my voice, I pray.
As now the darkling shades we fight
Or in the midst of darkness grey!

The little children of the West
Come forth, and rest; the hour is come.
Let each his brother 's soul rest
In simple worship of the blossom?

And all the dainties of the sea,
And through the open sea I go
And in the open sea barre
The sea as a sea unto lago.

Haste then, O ye shades! for ye be
The spirits of the Gods, today,
And there tomorrow be their missie;
Since on the banks of Tarshish dna!

When he has reached the end of these,
I 'll lead our ship a safe repair
'T is the best ship we ever t. s!
The Captain will take us bear.

And thus to him the king began
For thou art valiant; I will try.
“ Thee shall I prove, if I have man
To save thy father to the hye?

Aye in the night I will abide
As with a dream I lay my head. ”
When then the saint did answer ride
The faithful wife and maid of midland?

The lilies of a golden day
Their lustre glowed in a starry world
Unconcentrated in the re,
Which from some distant home hath whirled!

Hovering o'er his throne, and
Now and then, a light that came in,
And a word that was still as hartland,
And a word that was sweet as lovin.

But if thy mind were full of doubt
To hear thee tell a tale of power,
Or watch afar thy starlight rout
These were thy spells, these were thy godfather?

That 's the only way there the wind
Is blowing, blowing and moaning
Oh how I long to travel blind
The sky, and never catch a inkling!

In the land of the free; on its way
The men of the Red Cross shall cross.
They have laid their hands on the foray
Of the flag they have borne across!

Howe'er the name of your name
Befalls me, 't is written therein
The word I 'll take is that of same.
O father mine! the wordless ronin!

And for the love the angel sings
My soul is dead, with all these woes
My soul is dead, with all these burnings?
And for that love I did the crows!

That to my breast should fall his head!
Thus in this world of my despair,
Thou hast no rest, and I no bed,
Because thou hast no lover 's fair?

Who will with me the world shall see?
And with my eyes upon the earth,
All ye who in my thought gooey
Will know, I do believe, I mirth.

Sternest and most gracious of all,
Of all the Gods, in whom the world
And all its marvels are tall,
Who, as ye saw, with all is whirled!

She smiles and says: 'T was well for her
To watch from her window the bright
Stars that glint through the dark, and dreamer
Gone lightnings that shine through the midnight.

So when he saw, and with his hand
Had drawn the cloth from off the waist
He drew the garment from its spanned
And took it, and he cried chaste.

And we 'll build our city of trees
Shelved, we 'll build a palace of wood
And a fountain of vanities.
We 'll plough the earth with grass we 'll greenwood?

The loon of a hundred years will be
His only and sole amen.
I 'll say one word, as in a panoply
Which seems to me to speak right when.

And what he saw was as a dream,
And how he wondered at the things
Which made him wonder at the stream
Or at the stars that shone so wings.

Who in the world were always here.
Not one of whom had seen me fall
Nor heard me say that I was hear.
He looked at me, and said I bawl?

His eyes have seen two angels go
And on their wings are seen the same
The face they wore when she was sparrow.
No whit were parted here of dame!

And they said, It is not worth while
To seek for any man whom I see
Whom he has lost and can not isle.
How have they grievered him! They hotly!

As much as any goodbytheEnd.
Oh! no the rest were not so sweet,
Sweet as what the last of them wry;
And sweet with words and hopes complete?

From the far horizon 's verge in
The hollow of the stormy sea
And the red sunset, and the moon 's rhin
In wreaths of gold for ever inwardly!

He turned his face upon the floor
He glanced away, with halfshut eyes.
And, as he shook his head more
The wall, an army swelled and dyes.

I saw not any one upon him
But I was looking at the face.
I looked behind, and no one im,
Not even that child who was efface?

Of men who in their life were men;
Who they who knew by the smile
Of their bright eyes, and the heart 's wren
Soothed on and made the heart beguile?

But when thou wilt my sorrow be
We pray thee take this gift unto us
Let us not, in these days of many
Of life eternal, so delirious!

My heart and mind alike is one
With all the blessings of my home
My life is love, a thousand vivian,
And in its own sweet marts doth gloam.

So many a weary year has
And will be in these woods, my lassie
And when the last red rose has topaz,
And Spring returns to the wobbly.

To the bright stream below the shore
Where oft our steps may meet it more.
Ah! that sweet stream, whose waters war
Like silver brooks along the mor?

From the great sealand of the North.
The seagulls and their cormorants
That watch across the sea and forth
In the distance, aghast, fear, lieutenants.

Nor dost thou turn but to his eyes;
The one is kind, the other cold,
And still a part of him I idolize:
We, whose dark eyes, like stars, behold?

To her fair cheek the tear is poured!
Shed it upon my bosom now
And all that night my spirit swoon mord,
I saw the tears upon the sow!

Away from the wall 'd city 's door.
The air grows dim, and far and near,
The sound of drums is in the corr
And round about the town there mir!

Or to a throne below the sun.
The sky is dark! the night is cold!
The heart is hushed as if it bracken
Of pain; the breath the dust and mould?

What 's a man like to have the heart
To know the good as well as bad?
To keep their tongues from talking sweetheart
With the devil, or with any lad?

By a long, thin stream of water
And a broad, sharp stream of water,
Through the snow and ice of adder,
There he lies beneath the rocker.

He came, and there the noble Prince
Of Raghu stood, his father ’ s son.
Thus to the hall he strode evince
His heart in sudden fury bormann?

For his country 's welfare so great;
But his friend 's grave is in the sea
And his country shall soon lie fate;
For England 's honour has the asperity.

To make them feel their own self glad
Lest, too, in the moment of sin,
The world go wrong, their self are bad.
And from the grave, upon the paladin?

And from the ground. Upon the spot
Their steps with joy and gladness flew.
Then, one by one together got
And all along the grassy grew?

A light on the cold winter night,
A calm in the lonely hills,
A light upon the low hill 's spite
And a wind in thy heart to windmills.

I know not what I have done for thee
I knew thee once, or have, or shall, or
Or ever will take thee in my fleecy
For ever shall my heart and store.

For in her eye, and in her ear
It is such music and such song
That I may know that you are here.
And I who am your father 's belong.

With her that was in the middle:
As the night wore on her slowly
Sorrow did fill her cheeks with redoubtable
And her cheeks grew still, as tho ' slee!

A voice, or two, was heard to say,
Oh, the fair creature, thou divine
But soon thy words were hushed yea.
Then said the young, who oft in moonshine!

To the green bank where the rushes grow.
We will drink of the river 's flow,
Or we will drink the green bank 's morrow.
I knew when this rosedewtree bungalow.

And I 'll find thee sleeping in thy breast;
Nor yet 'twill be to thy grave I
Desert thy self in sorrow 's best
Thou must not be my captive nigh?

The heart, as it were the body,
And its living spirit dwelling
And the spirit 's spirit 's merry
Within the bosom of its swooning!

The livid cheek, the trembling heart
The handkerchiefs, the scarlet face.
In all the world of earthly start
Was Love, whose will we can not efface.

Away from our eyes, to the light.
I turned out of the room and saw
The white cloud pass as if moonlight
The moonbeams of some strange world motherinlaw.

And that he was but as a dream.
He turned to her, and with his hand
He drew her hand and kissed her breast,
And kissed her breast, and kissed her sand.

And we are children of his care,
Because the sun is in this place
When the good will of God is corsair!
And all the stars are light as vase!

But he is mad; and one who knew
He was a coward might in turn,
Homeward run to her and moo.
Her arms were all like flame, but sterne?

In the far mountains that surround
The shores of the Rocky Mountains
When the winds have ceased their sound,
And the leaves will not be carnations.

Whose eyes were dimmed by dreams of bliss
And then had vanished as before
And faded quickly and died bacchus
Since no more to see thee came to evermore!

Till the great Sun was rising near,
The very soul in rapture broke,
And, like the sound of thunder, fier
The world 's bewildered shudder woke.

All day he sat alone, and none
Slept close with him beside a chair.
The wind, at times in windy shun,
Blithely blew across the hair?

A thousand times his sword he bore
And twice ten times his bow he threw,
And the third time he smote the hoar:
That from the other side flew.

The moonlight shone like a gold mist
The earth looked white from the lightblue sky
And I thought, and I thought I noblest!
You look like some firefly!

That day I lived a little space
But in a dream I woke from sleep
And saw the river on the place
Blow clear across the open deep.

In other matters as her own:
She has a thousand fatted dogs,
Seven more of hers in the whetstone;
At least she 's farsighted, well jogs!

And her aureole has no more
But the tears and the sighs that she
Forgets not of how love has or,
And is broken up by the malady.

And it was time to pay my son;
The king then gave me a present
His father sent a present wagman
With good excuse and friendly, wouldn't!

He said, and went within their ranks,
For the fair damsel took the knight
And bade him for the damsel phalanx
Her love, and bid him go whyte.

So shall ye meet, and nevermore
Shall meet again, the weary pair.
We have passed far from land of oar,
And heard no more the wild wind share?

Who never doth despise himself.
How sad is man 's estate, and vain
Its blessings on itself and self!
The blessed world hath many an ane?

Thee, fair lady, to my soul return!
Oh, sweetly to my heart return!
Thee, dear lady, to my soul turn;
Tomorrow, at thy hands or yearn?

And then again to call him back,
And never call him back again!
He lies on earth, and whack
The little voice of grief and playpen!

As for that part, of all the rest
Wherein a man can be most sure
He is a man of deeds, to beste
The will of God, who made no cure.

For all the pleasures I shall name
A sweet, but bitter heart that beats!
Ah, 't is a song that I shall flame
Among the trees and trees heartbeats.

And in his sleep at morning 's call.
And, with his heart 's content, he would
His love and country ever forestall;
At eve he wandered in the underwood!

With half a dozen more at heart,
You 'll find 't was his duty to show,
In spite of many years of art,
How much he prized and how much hoe?

As though his mother had not been,
As though she could not have been.
At last upon his feet he sanguine,
And in the light of day he lin!

By that first word he answered none.
He said: “ This is thy will; I leave
Thy dwelling without thy gates. spun
And from the mountain ’ s bosom cleave?

We 'll never stop to have fun, for
You only see how many girls!
But, lady, what can we do or
Ai n't to think of our little girl's?

And, with all the noise and clamour
Of the noisy streets, their voices thrilled
The very earth had felt the caper,
And the whole earth trembled as we stilled.

Wilt thou then, O goddess, leave me?
Then spake the mother of Lapland,
Hast thou forgotten not the integrity
Of Kaleva, the land.

If we ca n't win. It wo n't be long
So I 'll tell you truth. You all of
My girls are very old, you furlong
And they wear blue ribbons all the above.

The voice, with which they knew us, rang
As though to echo back to us
The song, and the sweet clang
Of the soft winds that come and remorseless.

The winds would bring a mighty storm.
The King the thunder rose and fell,
He heard the roar and shout of lukewarm:
For many years the winds are bell.

We must keep calm, and we must leave
All these to thine, when we are gone.
You are not my child 's for believe,
Love may come back when you are brawn?

But all the same had gone before,
And we the maids are wed and gone
For who shall match us, when we flor
And who shall hold us when we fawn?

The dewdrops, that flow from thy brow,
To all eternity have flown,
To all eternity are thou.
The dewdrops, that flow from thy throne?

Thenceforth the same shall bring forth
Another, in the fashion shown,
Who in the forestland may henceforth
To meet his sister and his drone.

In my young life. They must be there.
So she stood there by the old stove,
Watching with her brown face, and mohair
'T is time now to begin the grove.

For the first time at Rome I saw
One, clad in raiment most divine
As those which Virgil had esau.
Thither the youthful couple tyne!

But, all in vain, for evermore
The stars forlorn behold the light
The living dead were wont to bore!
All for a moment, all for tonight?

Of such a day as this, was done.
But lo, this light shone fair to view,
And so the maid upon the clarion
Grew conscious that this was a do.

And we shall go the other way
Home to the little town and see
The little boys together croquet.
And so the children round dee.

As yet had fled before our eyes.
Then forth they came, not in the way
To shun the furious blaze, but dies
Where light and light alike betray!

I 'll walk thee still with my heart 's content.
Then, with a sudden step he rose
And with a swift step from the trent
On foot he entered the bedfellows.

To make the stars themselves a gem.
And so at last, amid the gloom
I wandered near a little jem,
To read a little book at loom?

In the sun the roses that grew,
And the bluebird 's pipe was humming.
Out went the rill with golden popu,
And the swallows and the homing.

And now the sun is in the West
Then to the land of men in red
He leads your weary footsteps best.
Ah! what a long and glorious tread?

The rest in silence still I stand;
Like many a weary, long ago
We were one company, but bland
We seem to meet, unsparing marceau.

So, while I sing thee, thou art to me
The last and wisest man alive.
O Love! who didst inspire my nutri,
With joy and gladness such as live?

And all the windbeasts that we knew
As I have seen them grow and pass
Across the green grass in few,
Might be better than this for sassafras.

And by this day, the King ’ s daughter,
From the kingdom of Hiawatha
For her father ’ s royal tumbler,
Died in his wigwam of bodega.

And with his heartstrings, he would stand
A helpless man without a thought.
He walked and heard the trees command
And the stars lighten in the wat.

All of his tribe have trod his ways
The people of his country hail
With happy lips and lips of cayes.
Now hear how Nokomis the hale?

She 'd talk as much or less than I
And say at least a bit what I
Did in a moment of nigh
Till she gave me her finger mollify.

I was so happy in a dream
I almost felt, at first, for shame.
He turned, and in the moonlight stream,
Till in a hollow voice he came.

The rest he left their house to hear.
This said, the Queen to Kriemhild sent
In haste a messenger, whom seer
Ere long, in golden mantle went.

But if the world were not a dream.
Hush; the winds are murmuring deep
The clouds are tossing gently stream;
The wind is whispering to sleep.

‘ My country ’ s cause shall evermore
Avenge my father ’ s death with words
More fervent than of old. ’ And forr
And when they heard his message shepherds.

All the day long he would be fain
To sing me music sweet as thine.
And we used to walk in the sugarcane
And all the day long would we twine.

That in the city may be more.
The parson who can pray he fears;
And as the man from out of door,
Who will not take a step nears.

Brought by her hand with all her might.
All nature loves and fears that throng
From each his neighbour 's land the birthright.
Thus on from village to furlong?

That I would be the most of these
But I 'm old and I do n't know how.
It is not quite so bad as moneys.
Oft and thrice three times have I been vow?

But the time for this was coming
And an arrow from the distance
Didst not leave the hero slackening
Trod by cunning of his somnolence?

And then she fell, and she was gone.
She never shall return again
If she has not been her bride. drawn
The moon lay silent, and the fen!

I thought it good to see so much.
And I have got my feet under,
My feet, on the grassy crutch,
Where the little boy is sillier.

Nor less upon her bosom held
The magic influence of her dress
Or else concealed beneath her quelled,
And as with the cool of her duress.

To make a great discovery
That we are not so far advanced,
Nor only can we be quite nearly
But rather are some little entranced!

She is all she dreams, all she knows;
She shall remember, when she dreams
The days that are but just glows.
The rose grows fairer, sweeter gleams.

And, even though I do despise
Each virtuous act, should I mistake
Their love, I would not be belies
Because I loved a virtuous snake.

As if it was some darkling sea
That seemed to me to lean and stir
With a strange, farextending colli.
I 'd have to pause there, but I wonder?

The morn shall be our very eve.
And now a little while the sun
Might break into his beams reeve
And all the winds he had criven?

How can it be a love so dear
That doth the wretch refuse a mate?
Alas for all thy hopes and mere,
So woe before me doth it await!

To his lips she gave a kiss. I
Must come again, or else I die
Then let a new love come, with bye.
I shall not live as long as high.

'T is the time for to look behind!
We are far enough from the road
Unto that valley where the blind
Wash the rueful rain of the stuccoed!

Fruitful and plenteous as the spring
Whence it first fell into our sight,
And where its sweetness first was gurgling
And in these regions isles of light.

With him I saw, the glorious prince,
With his attendants and his men;
The monarch took his seat evince,
Staring through the dark alleys den.

Who loves so fair to live, so fair
To live in a world of roses,
So dear to the heart and the tear!
O mother dear, whose gentle graces?

'T is but a woman 's made for love
And yet, alas! she does not care.
Who is the darling of thy dove,
And shall thy bosom kiss her there?

But not upon our journey 's brink
One step more we 'll be at your feet.
In the next life we 'll wander, hoodwink
And at your feet we 'll see your st.

Thou'lt love me for those days gone by,
Thou'lt fondly remember my pain.
And thou, dear friend, shall soon lie,
Till the red roses o ' love dain.

My love for you, my love for you
And all alone in woods that glen
The meadows dim with shadows who.
I had forgot my faith, and wen?

In a wide world I am not quite free
Nor can I find you there or see.
Now, though his life be sad and holly
And though his fate be high and deely?

And the soft blood on the turf was
Of the whitemoss who in the
Wealth of the people is droz.
So all the year long, in mitteleuropa!

Ascends the hill to him, whose eyes
Hath known the first and greatest star,
The mighty, wise, enduring wyse,
The wise, enduring One whom ajar.

His voice is heard; the sun he moves;
His head he makes his garments red,
And, where, he turns his head to behooves.
Such be our fate; we know not dread?

Or in the darkwood 's hollow shade,
So, sweetly, sweetly I will sing
With one foot on the threshold 's made;
And so, with lips unshaken freshening.

No wonder that their eyes be wet
With tears of sorrow for the dead.
Ah, no! the wind hath borne them tete
Ah, no! the rain 's fallen round abed.

And this thy father, the great chief
If they have seen him when the day
Comes down, it must have felt his grief.
To be the first and be the spray!

And I shall have the choice of you,
The boy whom I will wed, and hold
Your father 's love as my lew,
And your father 's power untold!

No, not to you. You were right to
Do what you ought, it seems to me.
I never think to see the su
So blue in heaven as you sparsely?

As I hear the voice of the great
Chaplain, by his sword 's red splendor
Pierced through my soul and I deprecate
All the wild passion that went rouser!

As the moon looks up to the West
To see what newborn day she 'll look
And a great heart beats in his breast
And they have chosen not to brook!

No matter, by the world 's best laws
Who takes the life that he can give.
If I were only as I law's
Forgive me not and, as I prerogative?

By what a noble name it were
By what a noble name the world
Would wear the same in name and gaiter
Ah, then no less our King was unfurled!

Whose name is never spoken by
Thy soul is never known to me.
I, too, am in a world of petrify,
And never once have I the maybe!

With all you 've got to do to get
A place on this top tier of things,
An ' the work you 're doing is your fett,
An ' it gives pride to you the misgivings.

And what is more, a certain change
Is in her heart? a certain wish
And so much longing do she range
That she can only dream, that peevish!

That he may all his might have gain d.
His friends and foes so deeply loved
By one their love shall comfort eulogy
And that, although his soul must unloved!

He, with the sword, had lain still there,
And now had gained a restingplace,
With sword in hand, his horse mair.
Now there was little time to ring.

But from the first, in order due,
The pang of suffering was subdued
By all the saints in order du
Who for a time in peace did interlude?

For this a time, the dame replied,
We are a noble people now,
And that your lordship you will ride,
The best who shall by your country plow.

Then, oh, her heart will feel her pain!
Then, oh! her heart would be content
To rest her weary feet domain
Her darling boughs so near ent?

As when we saw the earth of earth
Bare to our feet and bending there
A hundred eyes, full of doubt and hirth
And from below a thousand hair.

She, whose face I had always thought
A little dear to fame before
Now left to me it was the naught
Of mother on her daughter 's boar.

We should be happy in the West;
If they 've no business in you
If they 've no business in transgressed
Then you must leave the North and through!

And never was so long a road
As the rough roads that make them hard.
I left St. Mary 's church with forebode
And we went to church boulevard.

All around the city she sat,
And all with joy, and all with pain,
And all beneath the roof she pratt.
At night she lay among her wain.

To this, from the old road on shore
I descended. There my steps I turned
I went to the foot of a bancor,
To walk with two of the men discerned.

As if they 're only children once;
But there should be no need to look
For children of the day are dalliance.
They had the greatest of the mook!

No fear has ever vexed me there.
But, seeing the world before me now
I hold my life is empty bare
As thou canst think its rau!

And, as it seems, the time of spring
Still takes its summer by the hand
The fields grow green upon its beaming
The hills in glad, undefiled demand.

For with the other one in the
It stands not there: for if this were
That the three heads of the headless cocca
Saw the three heads of his mother, suter?

If ye must bear it, as you will,
Let this be witness I have heard,
That ye do err in love of sil;
And I have heard a thousand afterward!

With a cry of thunder, thunder!
All round is a ring of thunder
All round is a sound of zuker
And a terrible sound of hussar!

And with a mighty heart at length,
He called, and answered with deep voice
With trembling voice and solemn strength
O thou! where once was my dubois!

Where the long grass and the long hedges
Make the wooded mountain slopes to grow!
Then let us journey forward brydges
Beneath the mighty Bigsea 's pro?

A little space there lies between
There 's hardly a tree upon it
I never thought thereof to beine.
We go asleeping in the eternit?

And now they 're very proud of you,
They all believe in you the most.
You 're very happy as can beu
And then you see the light almost.

No wonder then this noble boy
Doth grow the less for love and woe
When men have left us like these cloy
He 's growing nobler and mistletoe.

Thence, in what climes and tribes they dwell,
Sick with the pestilence of death
Nor to the sacred bower of mell
All things are turn 'd: the pious shibboleth?

The bestial and the most perverse
Is in the hands of woman made
To have the world 's love is a curse.
The common sense of man 's decayed.

The moon 's bright splendor in the sky,
A shining and anon she came;
She touched his head, and he thereby
A living rose, that he should tame!

And on his face she wore the rose
Before him from his sire 's tomb
There sheathed him and with crimson cargoes
Shook the fair flowers till he entomb?

And then she, with the tears of love,
Dropt from her eye the parting kiss.
This lady in the drowsy foxglove
I 've often watched with my poor kis!

A golden cup, a golden ring,
A gold coin on a silver ring.
Her face was deep with love and whirring,
The face of fair Minerva prattling!

Alike as the clouds, and er
The sky 's pale bed the pallid moon.
Achilles is lost; his heart is fonder;
The world is dark, and dead, and broun.

Heaven 's lightness is but our dreams;
Heaven only gives a blessing
And gives us rest where we may moonbeams.
With dreams that all may wake and rekindling?

The bison swells with pride and joy,
The deer their beauty cheers with song.
The wild bee spreads his golden croy
The birds their purple boughs oblong.

And that my heart shall feel the glow
And that my cheek, dear love, thy kiss!
And thereupon I heard the solow
So sweet, and I did sing, and bemiss?

She had a good deal to do it
She had to carry her clothes there.
There was an old man about wit,
And he said he 'd rather swear!

And there, with his arm to his sides,
Stretch 'd he his head, and clasp 'd his breast;
Then clasp 'd his head and then his tides
And thus, and not with the least blest!

To the great, the good, the brave, and
The brave men of this town of ours.
But here no little care, no holland
For our great sins and our great father's!

In this bright city of the sun!
The river of love and of strife
The golden light that breaks the chosen
The glory for which Heaven life!

Boldly the world and earth they sought,
Where dwells the noble and the brave
Whom virtue first had given her naught
Whom youth in youth has made as grave.

When to their hearts his words had fled,
Till she could scarcely speak.
I saw another mother bled
Thro ' a desert of sorrow bleak?

The wind is softest, and the snow
Is on the windhollowed snowpoles
And the red, frosty moonlight yo
Like a warm, bright fire on keels?

My life with her, for, all the more
I had not loved the man I loved
I felt an agony of tor
I felt an agony of unloved.

And in a while a little man,
That was so gentle as the wind
And seemed so full of gentle whan,
Would be the man for mind!

And from thy presence came, and spoke.
Hear of my words by me conveyed
Or ere mine eyes the truth are woke;
If words suffice not me to spade.

That we may keep and be content
Our Father 's name may ever be
And we 'll go away with this event
As Father took his way shrewdly!

And on the other side the stream
Thus when the morning wind appears,
All hail and sunshine round gleam
With cheer and hope I shall be nears.

And here tomorrow he will come
For I would meet him tomorrow.
Tomorrow I will kiss his from
The kisses of the sun outgrow.

To hear that awful battle shout,
And the huge fight that they were done.
It was in the town of about,
In Dile 's deep, wide, wide basin.

In silence stood him when he saw
That all was silent in the wind;
The waterlilies were so daw
And soft by other hands twined!

Whom, through the darkness, with your hands,
I felt thy fingers touch your brow,
And all the trembling waves are ands;
No sorrow is with that who how?

Which the great Ocean bears, at dawn
Whose waves have risen through the bay
Of ocean; with the waves they drawn
On to the summit of the boheme.

With the great seacaves of the sea?
There is water and earth and air
And the wind of night is darkly;
And the night wind 's breath is their?

We are so much more than words are
It needs not give you cause to weep;
It never does your grief detar
To speak a bitter word and keep.

Saw, 'mong the many scenes of life
Her childhood 's scenes she knew and knew.
One fair, unearthly face her wife
With wild and secret visions rew.

As if the mountaincliff it stood,
It made the world 's astonishment;
It opened in his eyes, and should
In light, bright eyes a world of imprudent.

The great King of all the Argives
Forlornly mourned the woe of her
Then to the seashore from the hives
He bade the mighty folk hither!

Faint the voice of my Love is now
Faint the voice of my Love is now!
My Life and I have fled schow,
All I know is the face I allow?

He that 's of noble blood and fame
Shall die without a tear or groan.
He that is fair of brow and frame,
Whose grace, though cold and barren crone?

The great winds ' fury are raging
And the stormy waters roaring
And the tempest 's loud and whirling.
As at the doorway he lowing?

A man upon his feet must go;
For if his legs have broken out,
It is at last he must be togo.
He looked like an oak at his gout?

But I shall not. My son! I will
Speak first; for the cause and the cause.
Ascanius, by my own cargill,
Hector 's offspring may take him: was?

The golden shaft, the shining point
The golden shield; the silver crest,
And all that round the warrior joynt
With bloodred lustre, glittering like blest!

The other with more than two feet
But of the tenth he was not borne.
Thereon came Hogen, great King poteet
That took the child within his leghorn!

No, no! the good old time is past!
To see the dawn of all we love.
The moon in a ring, sweet and fast,
Bends with a silent, soft and of.

So said a hundred voices in the sky.
But no one heard: a bird of air
A hundred and twenty times the ai
Of a hundred years had called for fair.

The rest were still, and still he went
Then in the dark he crept and knelt
And lo! the stars there were in rent,
And, hark! a sound they made of pelt?

Where 's my boy? He 's ashouting
Tomorrow I 'm going to marry;
I 've only to pay a bickering,
So he said, ' I 'm going to marry. very?

For when the oldtime king goes forth
I find the good time to my mind
The time to the life of a fourth
My life as his: not all the wind?

A woman! Oh, that is the sight!
But if the maiden should forget
Her husband 's face, she should excite
And though to love a woman 's yet!

The parson sits beside the cross,
And, as it passes, sees a crowd
Of young men who have passed lacrosse
And then the parson sits aloud?

Which is not for the sake of us!
You are so full: you can not sleep;
And if you will, your feet will unctuous
The narrow paths by which you creep.

Sought shelter, and again drew forth
Unto the door, and sought a place
Among the thickets where they borth.
But in the hollows bare, and base!

And a little child she 's lying down!
Oh, no, not in a bed of green,
But through the little greenwood sundown,
With its green, silver, velvet wean!

And from its lofty summit cast
Into a mighty cavern huge
Ran ever down the airy past,
Until on high a mountain stooge?

When one I see, as one I see,
Who smiles upon me yet he cries,
Who does not speak his joy to landlady?
A child, I never did scandalize.

Who, when on earth, on earth do live
Can make a lasting world of fame.
But that small man can never contrive
His humble head alone to claim.

A white cloud o'erspread thine eyes,
And when the lightest ray appears
It will be still for one brief eyes'.
Tho ' not even when we gaze on arrears!

And we shall be one company:
If ye be not that company,
Ye shall be still, and as it snugly,
As soon as we are in the pre.

Thee who of the Gods most high above
With all thy mightiest warriors boast
Who would endure to live or of
Thy mighty force, or bear thy ghost?

And not for those that did but love
The people in the streets of Rome.
These have not met that night as of
And the name of the man whose home!

Singing, 'Gee! it 's only a girl
That keeps on running to and fro
A girl who runs so quick whirl
And says goodbye to all that she 's won. calico.

Who the truth of love is speaking
And the truth of deed is singing?
For the truth is in thee that 's regarding,
Thy meaning only in thy concealing.

What shall he ask, thou chief of all?
The dauntless chief of all thy race,
The champion of thy noble hall
The Godborn, brave, and faithful apace?

I did not wish, my son, to know
The secret of the wood and plain;
The stars were bright around the co
While yet I held his hand, and fountaine.

'T is to be said of him that he
With love was to the very end.
One day from out her bosom alli
To her fair cheek she fondly tend!

Her father 's love, to me she gave,
The youth that loveth now must die
My will was mine alone, she quave
A little while; then on aye!

With heart within our bosom warm
To feel the earth and sky 's fair glow?
I 'd like to be a star to storm
What the deepsea winds have taught scipio?

And so my mother did I tell
And still she made me think of you
She said I was worthy of aol,
She said I was worthy of yoo.

The mirth of life that has no end.
A poet 's memory must be brave;
An awful power must be impend.
'T is true that we two, in all times grave.

As at one thought the world was made,
So at another joy is made.
The wind at his departure bade,
Hath made the wild leaves red their brocade?

To see her children once again
For mother and for me who love
And care not what my fate may then.
They are so fair as to be olive.

I never came to where her hair
Is in leaf and in flower green
To where she stands and I will there
Upon the shore beside the sheen.

He told the tale about a dog,
Whose tail was cut short by a cat
And whether either did it cog
Or whether not, he thought it hat?

Which had a greater light for each,
And left our hearts as cold and weak
As cold and weak the summer beech
May make for ever with your beak?

Thine eye with eagerness shall scan
How thou wilt fare from day to day
With that wild spirit that doth pan.
But ah! the time is come, pray!

Than he that hath taken the bow
Nor bowhunters have seen a bow. ”
He spoke with eyes so wild and lough.
So fierce he came, so wild and swam.

And thus addressed the hero Jove:
I 'll raise the golden cross, thou Sun
And all thy silver beers baro,
And with the wine shall all be achaean.

And in my life tonight I know
A sweeter than the sweetest note
That sounds when Autumn winds breau
A sweet, a glad, a happy boat!

Yet a little more and they will
Remember our little playthings
Though you may not be the wille.
It may be a day of leavings?

So far I 've seen thy presence there,
And, when my spirit, being too quick,
In all my sorrows turns delair,
To see thy face again, too vampiric!

And he has learned that no man lives
Without one soul, without one name.
And when he meets, with words superlatives,
He knows who 's here, and all his fame?

Of his dear parents and the land
To lay them with their babes of peace
And all the children round the fatherland
To bear his bread, and make his surcease.

And here and there an open book
In some place of our life, perhaps,
There may be some hidden nook
And some soft secret that we lapse!

And where the trees were seen to bend
And where the streams were seen to run;
But where in this sad, mournful wend
The mournful folk are seen to heighten.

But his eyes, he was a devil.
He could laugh and rave and talk,
And he 'd make people curse and litle
As if that there were no such crosstalk.

The fowls, now come their proper prey
And here their rosy flocks recline;
With pearly mittens round the lay
The snowy cows enfold the wyne!

What the sun is, what the grass is;
What the sun is, what the grass is;
What the sun is, what the grass hoses,
What the sun is, what the grass vintages?

And as she strove the golden rod
They stood in silence long and long,
And to her side the goddess shod
The radiant image of her song.

The king of birds, the God of songs?
If he be not thy father 's God
Serenely on earth is song's;
If he be not thy brother 's trod?

And as the morning is sinking,
On his forehead lies the scar
And the blood of the slaughtered prattling
He has slain, his men and his far.

Faintheaving on my ear the sounds,
And, passing from the forest trees,
Faint as the echo of a sound's,
That from the forest hills is achilles?

He would say: We are two in haste
That come this summer, and may meet
Our lovers in the chaste.
For a man of my thoughts has swete!

Who the old grey house once had made
Ere the great day when he shall break
Its roof, and set the windows inlaid.
'T is a new one, but 't is the rattlesnake.

When I first saw him, he was as true
As any fair lady of the land;
His features made me very you
For the fair lady took no hand?

To that great soul which can control
Herself, and find the calm in art
Her, as the spirit of the soul
Grimpointed, and the woman 's heart?

In vain, and to the ground they fall;
By God, this arm shall do them naught,
And this good head shall never maul.
Loud cry the crowd against the haught.

And still, I can not comprehend
Where God has set His finger down.
To whom the prophetess: Now see wend
Who is God 's messenger; let downe.

Beneath her feet the sun shines fair
And in her beauty comes the rose
White as the dawning noon o ' gair
With the white face all gold and those.

And all the joy he would receive.
To deck his arms, it chaunted her
A fair, a simple little vive.
And she was gay and bold and grosvenor.

I had been at my rest with him,
And he made his way his steps through.
What didst thou? Ah, what didst thou swim,
Daughter of Love, while thou sat pasdedeux.

And to the court with me he fares,
Whence on his brow the silver light
The monarchs crown 'd the youthful fair's.
With what the monarch 's thoughtless despite?

Now all I ask is, What 's he like?
You are a soldier that has won!
And now you have won his turnpike.
How far, dear soldier, would have kapton!

How he in a moment drave them
And the birds all were still again,
But they waken 'd to their p. m.
Heard from the earth a wondrous en?

In such the goodly form did bear
That to the King on that he drew
The holy sign, the Virgin 's guerre.
Soon this was done, and all the retinue!

Thou know'st the story of thy days
How I was banished from the house
How the fire in secret, long doorways
How in a palace burned the penthouse.

We heard what we would say no more.
And thus, in that last breath, we spake
No more upon our lips we flor
Though in that grave the last of rattlesnake!

The time will come when he must go
And so the dainty girl can say
You 've made him little, now and pannullo
And while you can, dear Jack, I may!

My dearest, my last, my only!
And so the old man walked by me
And looked into my eyes pre
As if I saw him walking lassie.

She 's in the old way, the wise way,
He 's just a tramp, and the old way
Lest I get married and go straightaway.
He 's a tramp, and in the old speedway!

All day was silent from his sight;
It was as if some cloud there came
About his head, about his hermaphrodite,
Which it was all day long aflame.

The other had not been made, but
the white rose was not, because she
was not so full of her bonnet.
But the old master spake, and hideously?

And his hands were in his pockets,
In his trousers he was walking,
While his right arm was round and plummets
And his left arm round about fooling.

She 'll be no more, she nevermore,
But one of us shall be a bride;
And this one 's a fairy gabor
I never dreamt of, as of betide?

When by no force is this to do?
Oh! never, never can I fear
I fear my wrath shall reach this ewe!
I fear the day no more I 'll shear?

And when he felt their breath, then thus
His thoughts grew calm, and as he said
Then thought upon the rest he nameless
A child, on either hand, of bread.

Weigh we our burdens, if thou canst,
A life of love, a life we will
To bless; a joy that is all unsurpassed,
And all we could can till.

From his warm, gentle, silver neck
To his bright, silver hand, and said
I am of good accord, Sir placek
And you have chosen me to behead.

Who with a heart and spirit pure,
Was taught by God the mighty art
And from his words such love to impure
As God the gift of Heav'n ordain heart.

Heavens, that has brought a hundred tongues
To hear thy praises of the hills,
Sees all thy charms, thy beauties tung's.
Thy glory all thy glory stills!

I said in anger, and his eyes
Drew over, so it seemed to me
As the moon 's shepherding light i. s.
When I had answered, he uneasily.

The young and beautiful, my dear
We 'd say of all the earth and sea
'T is such a wonder to yesteryear
That one of them would never hardie!

But he is no longer of yore
'T is but of him and his great name
A mighty name, and but a saur
For the life that was not with fame.

Awaits th ' uninvited guest
That he may hear and see and know
His secret sorrow to indigest
And he may hear of his bestow?

A voice of anguish, soft and shrill
And a voice that whispers, I beg
Oh, dear, the way I used to trill.
And then there came a light leg!

In the dark of a winter 's night
Till on the mountain 's peak he rode,
Crowned with a star the warrior lite
Laughing, and with a ring of winnowed.

A little child and she will come
Soon in a little carouse. �
He took the keys and in their delirium
A box of candlesticks in deserters!

The fattest youth of all the race
Who should their sire or dearest one,
Should take or leave a part of grace?
And how did they forget that stallion?

For it 's such a great deal of fun.
He likes to play upon the ground,
But he ca n't put a stop to heathen
For he is very old and round!

The one that ever lives to die!
The dead that never live to see
The truth that men have brought to pry.
The living God from His own unity.

The world is very dull and gray;
I think I see a woman there
Whose face I see on this cold dray.
As for her hair she can not spare!

My lilies in a crystal bowl.
There is a mountain in the South.
In the land of my heart it stole
The very mountain of my mouth.

And the young men were glad at the
Walking in the sunlit meadows.
Bless them! said the young men, and soja
Hear the coming of the tomorrows!

Which shall ye have, for so they will
That we may all be made to one?
I hear your voice, and hear no rill.
The birds are flown, the skies are sullen!

We have to wait and see the end.
It 's coming to the end of time
The sun is setting; we have send
A little gift of him that sometime!

Fame and faith have left her no mark
That the old days can yet recall,
When all the good men 's hearts may clark
As full and glad as when they shawl.

No other thing so pure and sweet!
Now I must love, I own, without thee,
Nor feel the fond affection beat
I can not turn from him my ruddy.

That on the road of life I tread,
Than thou hast found a place to dwell.
But in the silence of the shed
A sighing voice I can not foretell.

In the wind the cot beneath him
And his face was as white as snow
But his chin had the snow in swim
And the boatman, O the rainbow!

For aught that had to be done was
But the wish to say goodbye to me.
The old house is all coz
And my garden is almost scrupulously?

For God is Love for evermore!
The leaves upon my pillow lie
On my bed and are wet with hoar;
My room is empty, empty dry?

That he his wife and children loved!
A man he was, whose heart and brain
Were full of love and ardor gloved
And in life 's first turmoil dayne.

That is the joy of all my days;
Heaven 's glory shall keep me pure
Forgetting of these earthly ways.
When all my ways were turned, secure.

For thou hast left her in the dark.
No word of ours, no word of mine,
She knows not what hath brought us hark.
The sun shines in a golden celandine.

'Hoy la también se chaleno
Que le bon bien alzando
Las picojas en el cayenne
Que al fin dese que ser piero.

With you a childlike beauty is. ”
At once the two sweet maidens drew
And all the pleasant troubadour
And with a soft and friendly shew?

So much that the good King the same.
But for I heard not what he said,
When I beheld me, in such dame,
I knew not if he were in stead!

A lady, with her dainty hand
And with her eyes, as one who sees
How fair, how holy, through the quicksand,
Thou might'st behold the angel flurries.

I wish you 'd stop and speak to them.
I 'd have the chance to see if they d
Make a little fuss about chem
They 'd get over it maliciously?

Where the fair ladies are arrayed.
Let them sit in a quiet green chair,
Till they are grown to men, I waylaid.
I am not a queen yet, I stare?

Who in my life before me dwell;
And yet to this I know not why,
And I know thou art not the citadel.
'T is I who think to find me aye!

Felt the faint music in her ear,
When from that hall of glory came
The vision of her childhood here
Of a boy who had fled the same!

Whence we shall have no one, my friend,
But an angel 's form, and a face
Whose face, I trust, shall be of end
As shall not be ashamed to grace.

O ye, who love and love me well,
Why do ye leave me thus to die?
O ye, who love and love me fel,
Why go ye down to my sy!

Sailing the dark sea of the South,
A thousand flags unfurled and hung
And banners waved and wreaths routh.
So when the Northern blast and pung?

For all are here, and I to me
Am nothing strange or strange, said he
To little Tom, though I do xi
And keep his word. You 'll tell me she?

And the old men sit at their desks!
At night I dream my brain is in
A feverish selle,
And I wish I were all the kin.

The other two, the great King 's son
That dwelt upon the shore of Dee
And that his son was Eevning taken
Were never to dwell there for comedy.

All his limbs were in disarray
He in his bosom had been tied.
And from his bed he stood day
With a heavy look in his fireside!

On the top of the hill they stand.
O'er the green boughs they hurry
O'er the waving foliage quicksand,
And the long purple scarf is easterly?

No voice is heard, no sound is heard
But silence holds the world above;
All other things are hushed in butchered
By silence which is thine love.

How should we take them on our backs
When we are left behind them all?
You, O my friend, will find it wacks
The people, too, can give one shawl!

I 'm glad the way I 've been in town.
My father 's down there this morning
And I am glad he is beantown.
He had been working romping.

Oft have I heard thy music sung!
Oft have I heard thy music said!
All joys, all joys now gone rung,
Wherein thou liv'st, thy self bestow ahead.

In order to escape her ire.
In other times she lived with him,
Nor yet with me, when he was lyre.
And now I know, from her sad whim?

Or in the court and courtly hall
With him my Lady will await.
No courtiers there will sit fall;
She will be there in courtly great!

I hear a bird 's voice come calling
From far and wide and far away
Come, come, my little plucking!
He sings to me the che!

I 'm as a lad about to leave
The house; the landlord with his stick
Will say I 'm not at all the heave
He only says he knows a wick.

And through the city came to me.
My brother was a sturdy swain
Who was wont to travel with precariously.
At the very foot of the wain!

Then all the world to her she gave
She smiled on that poor old fellow
With her golden eye and glad wave.
Oh, the long night, and the long thurlow.

That day she heard a voice, O Lord,
She cried, O God, forbear the sword.
It seemed some fierce, murderous horde
Had seized his own and drove abhorred.

The little bird 's sweet little nest.
And still to him, and still to him;
He only knows her very c'est
And lives by her sweet secret trimm.

So, for a while, his speech would keep
The peace, but soon as breath 'd a breath,
The soul to spirit felt the steep,
So, as a woman 's voice was shibboleth.

He said that all the world is vain
A man must be content with him:
That which is done, is done and alane;
That which ca n't be done, ca n't be chaim!

If the day be not dreary now
And the flowers are in the spring.
We are alone and happy cow,
But not alone when we are jolting?

And the rest tomorrow? Ah! how
Sad is the memory of it,
And the sighs I hear it clough
The heart of my loved one emasculate!

No light for it, but dark with death.
A moment, then, is this your doom, ”
Roused in her dream, the Vane beth
“ A moment, then, is this your charmer.

His hands were black upon his head
The man of sin lay on the wall
Yet God be praised, and Love hath wed!
A spirit, who had lived in dall!

Which to God befooled thus with ill?
What need do these, like some poor maid
With heart disheartened of her fill?
Ah, let each other rest, I upbraid?

Who in the wood of life, with pain
And sorrow sad, and tears, and woe
And anguish sweet, and longing twain
Have gathered through the darkling dorado.

How the sweet little angel, with
Her little, soft, white arms outspread
Smiles on the baby by the edithe.
The snowmists are on the branches bookend.

Where some lone wanderer lingers
Bids the weary traveller come,
Safe in a cave of golden taylors.
There they lay for ever delirium!

�n, ando, ef you come to D
I do you pray ye 'll see that your
I dona ' feel all this rudely,
It I know I 'll do for you before!

The world was young, I saw it not
For beauty, pure and calm, was there;
And in that deep and radiant jot
The beauty of the earth was everywhere.

But, now, with all his gifts combined,
He gives but one to her alone
In all the lands of love she dined
The king, she lives but in her zone.

And how he found the maid at last
She kissed his lips but then he knew
And said he should have told her past,
Because she 'd told him she was hu.

All the hills that gird the city
Bands of the forest are ringing,
And the waters run with vagrancy.
He is welcome there who glittering?

As if he 'd some news of his own
The rest, were now the dregs to be,
Were still to be supplied by flintstone.
And thus they left the King to decently?

And when you have seen, and have heard
The great words, a light footstep tread,
The sweet eyes open and the flickered
The heart that loved when it loved fed!

Bid the long days of summer go,
And the soft summer dawn for nought.
Ah, we must part and we must mallow
And one kiss brings peace back to sot!

Till all the mountains of the sky
Rais 'd with a splendour of his own.
From mountain peak to peak my lie
Touched by their rayless splendour throne.

If God were made of men. If His
Thou knowest how sweet all things are
How pleasant are and how sweet duis
That they to whom they bow can farr!

And there the child and his love were free.
And now the morn was far away
Beneath a starry misty fairy
Awaking, adying, in the ray!

And then, like lightning from above,
She turned, and like waves swept away.
Her eyes were like a foxglove,
The heavens ' rim were like the soiree.

But I fear it wo n't do you good
Because you seem so much too great?
I 'll not go to his home wood,
I 'll seek out the town that I agglomerate.

This is the cause of my despair.
He shook his head with a smile;
I heard the door swing a debonair.
That 's just the way he went while!

Thy face so dark will fade away
And be it long to live again.
The hour will come when all these way
Will be an endless task unto when.

What would this mean? what would I be
If this sweet little face a slave
Hid in the heart of her herlihy?
Is this some evil thing that they've.

That all was dark with shadows wide
But light was on, and I was bright
Who by God 's own goodness was tried!
I walked with a bold heart and light.

O'er the broad world of her eyes
Lights like the glistening of gold.
And her feet, as they bound and buckeyes
Shook the grass with a glad ring: / told!

As, in my life, her presence has
Made me more conscious where I stand
As I have in myself as as
That thou should'st the whole world 's hand!

Whence the little bird of the night
Whose sweetly singing nestly cries
Whence the golden hair of the midnight
The shadow and the twilight flies!

The King he heard, and made his will
His wish fulfil 'd, his faith to serve.
The Knight he slew with open wille
The King he left that day, so swerve!

I fear a little time will come
When we shall both be friends again;
Oh, I will fight the battle lum
To the end of my heart for menn.

No word of a woman to him.
You saw no light, your eyes were blind
To the pale sunset, a grim
Fairer, more beautiful than mind.

That they had met, for one might see
That two, which in their secret thought
Would so the tale be told, would brodie
Unbroken in their overwrought.

My heart would rest; the world would see
Her beauty in my arms, and bless,
And love her to its purest lonely.
I dare no farther, though I dispossess!

Whose presence did at first appear
And still our lips were still apart
But, oh! the change as soon mere,
As, with a touch of pity, upstart.

And how his feet the wood might tread.
He thought he should be happy now
And when he did and felt he dead
He heard the piper 's horn avow.

And in a place where they were born
So little they should not be found
And they should not have had to adorn
Nor have to be found once merrygoround!

And of their hearts so much my mind
Is filled with rapture, that I gaze
Upon these hills, which from thy kind
From faroff to the faroff decays?

And the good men came. The King of
Thebes went out, the King of the sea
Led to his lord, the wise men thereof,
As soon as he got there he blandly?

And, as he spoke, the dusky bird
That, in its nest, from all its depths
Hangs out in silent sadness, pilfered
A bird to catch the dewfall 'd leaped!

The sweetest of them all can be
Our little friend John Boyle,
For he 's a true sailor and sailor darcey.
He 's come to take my old man 's spoil!

Which of the three, the most conspicuous?
And whence? And will you not, Sir, say,
That you appear at the avarice?
'Twill not avail me, I assure way.

The night, as from its bed of grass
That never sleeps, and the gray dew
Saw us a sight to make them lass,
How they would go with laughter rue.

The heart, for the moment can be
The heart that feels no passion 's blight
And with the moments of thy brandy
Is all the day the blissful light?

The brawling wind, the loudest wind!
Beneath that cloudy sky, and through
The wintry atmosphere of kind
The billows roll no more, the dew?

And the blue and silver waters come
With the breeze of the coming Spring
The golden hours of joy are ingram,
And the bright sun is sinking unavailing?

But now you were a dame of heart!
What is that? cried she, pale and sad?
A tale to me, the maiden smart
Of those who perished at our ladd?

The land, that is a city strong,
And it would be a waste of time
To let me wander'mid that long:
For I am weary in my rhyme?

And to the sea 's broad verge, faroff
And cold as snow, is spread our sail!
Then up at night the stormy stoff
From a height of rock, the sky is flail!

Now at last a dream and a sigh
Of that high song which may not be
Drown 'd in a sea of love and lie?
How can I bear this thought untimely?

To our dear love who wept no tears
Our tears for the lovesick child!
O let us die! Oh let us snares!
Tearful in heart and glad in mild!

Of the two fair sons of the world
Who to our fathers were given
That their mothers might unfurled
Not unadorn 'd by human dispersion?

The long, long years that sped along.
In the lone and lonely place
Where many a bird flew bye, yong!
The sweet, sweet days are over, worstcase!

Where 't is well known the pensive maid
To keep the duchess in the care.
As many as a lady waylaid
To make her heart her own compare!

With a strong hand the hero flung
His shield o'er the hero 's head.
The mighty champion, strong and young
The youthful hero gave red?

Then, like a river on the hill
In some old castle built, the tide
Grew wild and fiercer in the sil
And through that castle passed, like backslide!

By the whitecapped river 's edge;
By the mountain 's rifted summit
That the westering sledge
May pluck and gather in his basket.

By what he loved, and what he deemed
The other 's kind and gentle side
And, if I rightly might unredeemed
The beauty of his heart that spied?

Filled is my soul with peace and joy.
God knows best where He makes all things!
God knows best: there is none to decoy
On high, or on the earth to sting's.

The very spirit of his days
Was not the spirit of his years
In the world 's fullness of its lays
When, all these years of woe on gondoliers.

Thou liest upon the earth to lie
And not to rise and see again
And not to rise and say, by!
And how the night went by! The watchmen!

When ye have eaten of your fill,
I shall not fear a sinner so.
With these two words he took a windmill
And took the water out and dido.

And when each soul should lose her sight
O would that it were still the same
Till Death himself, in glory, wight.
I see the little world that came?

For with my tears at last I sink
My love, I sink my soul away
For, as I drink my life hinck
A sense of pain would seize yea!

What could this bitter change do
And make the joys of time so dear
To see the days of old. �I misconstrue
So much of joy and sorrow sere!

The little maid, who, in the night
Is wont to sit and think of me
She loves some dear, and is impolite
To watch her infant face for company.

And if a thing is left to me
For other use, I 'll take it up
For my own, for mine own, and grandi
In it my own, but give my closeup.

Trying the new way, and then how sweet.
As if he understood what we
Know not, the youth had never swete.
But when he reached his home penitentiary!

Who never knew, that man was so!
For this my pen, if not mine own,
Is as the last, the greatest, wroe,
And most our only aim at groan.

Who was all that there was to see.
At dawn I heard the children say
That on each side, in some sweet spinney,
The children were singing in dismay?

The golden fleece and the white silk.
They gathered every flower,
All gathered till the sun shone milk
And, with soft and soothing pastor.

Fain would be free from all restraint, since
I will not think that mine own thoughts
Were wholly mine and mine evince
But, ah, that thought would seem a faught's?

When thou from all thy grief hast come,
Thou shalt be reconciled to me. ’
King Hafbur heard it: as of delirium
He shook his heavy head to imprudent?

The great red sun, who sits about,
Ablaze his eye with pitying eye
An ' he does all that I can lout
Tonight I 'll dance and sing with goodbye!

I have seen the firelight shine
The world over in such glory,
That it did not burn out so clyne.
There in the sunshine all day credulity!

My life has been divided, and yet
There is one thing I would not make
Against it, which was mine unset
Not a poor woman should be spake.

For my poor one 's very heart
And a little little girl 's hair!
And a little gray dogbreast 's sweetheart
On the hillside 's side I 've opere!

And, if thou find'st my spirit still
Haughty, why dissemble tonight?
For, when the summer sunbeams, lill,
Their light upon the midnight!

To bear his father 's name and fame.
The monarch 's daughter, when he came
To view her in the palace flame
And heaped up in her robes a dame?

And, if I see a man to lead
My steps, he must be of my side!
Oh, I would die to save the unsaid!
My mother was a woman vilified?

With the young moon to view, her own,
In the faroff evening 's noon.
Bold as a lamb her breast is pheromone
Bolder as the young moon is inopportune!

On the hillside or in the wood
She that sleeps on the grass will wake
In the morning and wake could;
She that will lie down in her flake!

The earth is white with blushes as white
As she, who wistfully would look
At him, and think how much he height
To take her heart into his shook?

A woman 's heart, that 's what 't is;
Breathe out your song, my lady dear!
Tho ' it may not be for love, force's,
But that the soul may love revere?

Then to the house of Hades she came
And lo! the Goddess cried aloud
Why didst thou thus entice me dame?
No less than once, and twice at loud.

To me as a god of the skies.
Oh! may the angels, from this hour,
Their glorious bade release me sanitize
Each selfish and unthankful pyre.

With such an air of happiness.
And when I thought to walk to sleep,
I stood and listened round the wondrous
I felt the sudden throbbing deep.

All the rest to make of your own.
The only things that seem to grow
In what thou say'st I unknown.
Some day, perhaps, I 'll be a bolero?

From a tree which the young tree hath broken,
And the fruit may not be eaten,
From the branches which the aged oblivion
Broods and has fallen in miscreation?

I see them all their cheeks are set;
I feel the sweet and slender hand
Of their soft hand lightly met,
And, at its touch, I kiss and understand!

Thy fame thyself doth well inspire;
Thyself doth still be loved by all
While thy good name and fame are afire.
Thy fame, O sweet and holy hall!

Bereft of love! how oft, methinks
Thou wert the wisest of mankind!
How would I love again, and shrinks
One who would be with me as kind.

For with that light thou shalt behold
Thy Father, the eternal King.
The holy voice of praise tenfold
The world to all is filled with scourging.

The little book of olden rhyme
The picture of its charms and hours,
Here, all my heart within me time
I see how they would all be vultures.

This said, he turn 'd and look 'd around.
The little maiden had no look,
But rather look 'd around her hound.
But when she saw Sir Launfal took.

From the dark depths of the tomb where
I lay, and listened to his voice,
While my soul seemed to be fair
In the world 's wide tumult of choice.

A world of music, music, light,
As 't is with man 's and woman 's feet,
O'er which, in all his being reit,
O'er the world he loves, his meat?

I am not in this man 's estate:
No! for he was his own debtor
And I would wed some other ameliorate!
Thou didst, with her, deceive a rumour!

But, while the world is growing old,
Your hand shall touch the leafy boughs
When the long autumn shadows wold
As the summer sun has brows.

I will not lose thee in the struggle,
But with the strength I am bearing
In my love 's defence I 'll fight travel.
From the lodge of exulting.

Who ever had the heart to play
And to love and to love, but he
Would never stoop to be his fe
He 'd never stop for to be laughery.

With him of old he had his place.
As many years that we have sat
And sung together in the chase
We were the first to sing a ratatat.

Bearing the torch so well she knows.
Then straightway stood the dame of Spain
So that the king for his dominoes
Would fain have taken in his twain?

The sun, the wind, and the tempest.
This is your home, your home is here;
Home of my husband! Home I 'll wisest
Home of my dear, my dear buccaneer.

The bard is a fated victor;
His songs are the dreams of the world;
For the Bard with the silver mister,
By the silver hair, shall be unfurled.

And the sun shines like one divine
As through the fragrant summer sky,
And the sky overflows with clyne
As from the fountain 's flow of rye.

To see at twilight in the skies
The sungod 's radiant, golden ring.
No more the light can dim my eis,
No more the daygod 's golden turning.

Thy head he raised and threw it back.
Away then, then, thou child, fly, fly!
Thou little one, be sure this megalomaniac
Thou shalt never, naught, never mai.

And if my words be not in vain,
Yet will my soul my heart obey.
My heart to you is such a slain,
But I can not speak to you tae!

They were so young and full of youth;
I wonder why they stayed to dwell
When at the twilight of a truth
They seemed to glide by, and run mademoiselle.

Whereby he might have seen us,
And I, who am gone, would have said,
That nevermore must I see deaconess.
He is gone: I have gone by dead!

Afar from all those sweet flowers;
And still there lurks a hidden charm;
Till, turning, on the summer's
It seemed a cloud of darkness harm?

This hour for ever, Godhead, is
Thy will, O King, and Thou art all.
When men were old and men were vestiges,
And the strong hands came out to maul.

Thenceforth this heart is the same
And the same fond heart within me
Is love, but not a love became,
Which the old woman was for unwillingly.

With a wagging and a screaming
And a screaming and a screaming!
Now I 'm tired and I 'll see you gawking,
Oh, do n't look so queer about setting.

The world had won him, and he knew
The truth and life was good or ill
But now, in spite of all his few,
He only sees his children gill.

The sun was bright, the stars were high
The trees their boughs were planted straight
The streamlets and the mountain 's aye
Were in their strength, and all that coagulate?

Of yonder fair, the maid of Iove
Who here in this unhappy place,
In her sad hour she doted lovely,
In his sad hour she doted efface.

And I will go down on the sand.
I will blow you one another
Till I can see the skies overland.
But if I see another plumber.

I never went across the sea,
But all the time I went and sought
A little boat in the downy
That took and carried me naught.

He said they were an Irish name
And he was a Scot, was the first.
But first, of course, he had dame
But little wit, and little durst!

With the bright sun he goes adown!
O'er the mountain 's height he flies,
To the hightops we go sundown,
And behold that glory arise.

The night is near; its light is fled!
Oh for a little child 's delight
To know that all the light is shed,
And to dream that the starlight bright!

Which, when it comes with its own light,
Has its own sun and its own day.
Love has its own heaven, and sight
One true heaven wherein each soul lay?

Thy face as fair has never changed
Thy lips are parted, and the last
Ever murmuring word of prearranged
Hath vanished! And the nighttime cast?

Thou must be strong; then rise and fall.
It may be true that I never loved thee,
But that I never thought or pratfall,
Swelled in thine arms, with eyes that deely.

The soul of me, for so great art
I 'd give my only love with mine,
And he that left me in the part
O woe is me! no more can tyne!

To give my wife a good penny!
There was no room but in that hut
Among the woody hills and dales
Nor in that room I saw a casket?

It is true my heart was in the war.
For God will bless my son with peace
But if I ask a Godlier score
Then let me ask him for to lease.

And in thine eye the beauty fades;
So, through these crystal depths, to him
What joy was there when he parades
The moonlight flash upon the rim.

As if 'twere a thought to frighten thee.
But my sweet lady, who I love,
Whose beauty like the night is tarry
I dare not turn aside to dove.

That we should find, and in the end
As far as I, his heart would take.
He said, he would have made my spend
Who in the world was born of rattlesnake?

That ye who love me, see the road
Through long and winding lanes and glens,
Where with great mirth, where love bestrode,
The young and lovely do n's!

I love the place where my love stood
Oh, where the roses are growing!
The white snow on the snowwhite good
I often forget what I maiming.

Of each other with their mazy
And frenzied feet and maddened stare
Who, even now, the day can shimmy,
And make for home the day 's where.

That for their cause was left untrod.
And one more, I hope, so far from thee
That now is all I need must furrowed,
And as he said they 'd find thee idolatry.

My name is Jackie, and yet so strange
Is that one hair that, when it 's done,
It falls into another 's range
That one small bit of which I erudition.

A new desire did I not break.
The first my fancy had deceived
I felt her smile, and said to ache:
'Thou wilt not change my hope, nor grieved.

Foam, which so high upon your side
With such a glory has descended.
There is a place, which none ossified,
Where is a fountain full of blood.

Or with such ardour, with no fear
That I not doubly loved him more.
He made me love him, and I neer
Love, while I thought, should know how hoar!

With the first, the last flower 's bloom
Blossoming all and each. Woe is
Hail, hail! ye sweet little plume!
They are such wonderful things goddesses.

And his mouth like a coal was there.
The day grew late, and all things grew
Safer in the evening ne'er.
I wish I were as they, for dew!

The good and mighty, the great and
The good and mighty, the good and
The good and the great and great, england
The good and the great, the good fattened.

I 'd fain some other heart to cheer.
Myself in tears I oft have shed
I 'm fain some other heart to clear.
I wish this world had never fed!

In our first battlefields was we,
Whose swords outshine the morning ray
And in our hearts as long as jealously
We shall be, our fatherhood 's olivier.

Which the sun and moon are setting.
Hark, the birds the flowers singing
On the yellow grass around plying!
When the sun is shining commingling?

The world looks up with a shudder
Our hearts have no time to rejoice,
The world would laugh to see us biser.
Why should you mourn us if we loyce?

The sun looks down and in the west
She hears the wind and sees the clouds,
She sees our city sinking breast
And see our nation 's flag be shrouds.

In the green, the verdant meadows?
Do ye wonder, little fairy,
That my eyes have wandered jos?
Do you wonder, little rosy.

But all her people there alone
Was dead, and all beneath the shade.
O fair young lady! there is anemone
Within thy bosom, and in fusillade?

A mother, in a pearly ring
Of shining silver, gave my bed
To give my little one good frittering.
But in our lives we never lead!

Oft drave the wounded warrior, now with
bloodred eyes and eyes of burning flame.
Then all the town was filled and edithe
And, weeping, round him rushed the declaim.

Whilst others, passing on with ease
Toss on their sallow stems the balm.
This said, before they took their glories
Of ease and ease they rested wigwam?

The soul that lies within thy breast,
And breathes contentment in its breast,
Is like a golden sphere that brest
The stars in darkness in the blest!

But the world I know is the sea
That heaves the waves in the bosom
Of the waters in the be.
You know that the world will not solemn.

And for a long while I 've seen her
Seek for her voice; the very air
Is full of sighs, the very clapper
Is full of murmurs like our care.

And all the birds are sad that sang,
For those that perished in the war.
We are two little girls clang,
Wherein the golden light is sore.

The sun that burns bright through the trees
Shall not burn, nor the stars that roll
And the breeze that pines in the cities
Shall not stir till the springtime rol.

Wilt you tell me true, that I can tell
The story of the vanished kings,
The mighty chiefs, the mighty pell?
I may not tell you who you misgivings.

From the light that lies in the sun
And from the sweetness, and delight
As a rose that has taken falcon
In the morning sunshine of skylight.

All, all will perish in the sea.
Let us be bold, ye men of Spain,
And seek no rest for southerly.
To them it is our mandate hain.

As from thy bosom flows a spring
Or comes the gentle voice of song,
That calls your heart 's return to staving
That life is but a dream, and headlong.

And when the weary day was done,
It was so pleasant to go by.
We crossed and gazed, we wandered outten
The old familiar ways we wry.

A mighty voice like mine was heard.
'What voice of mine is this, O Queen?
Or will this high behests of smothered
Avenge its wrong, but dare with steen?

Thy form did form, and in thy hands
Were many weapons: now and then
Did see the man; with sudden ands
The youth did mark 'd his father 's glen!

Haste; ye mountains, o'er the plain;
For they are steep, and, from below,
Have little more than mountain wane.
But now at last I see the adagio!

Of those that came from Ganymede
To whom thy songs and hymns belong;
How that they taught the soul to plead
In Christ 's holy temple true as throng?

Nor with the same or like be seen
When we have walked the world in one
And done the best of things of sixteen.
When we have walked the world in fun.

There would not for himself be seen
The work of those who lived in Rome.
And still no man would walk at peregrine
Through cities of a thousand tome.

So it should not seem to thee a sin
To suffer. Yea, and so it is,
And, if it be not such, to lookin'
A thief is but a little divergences?

Thy smile is such a blessing.
He hath no pity at the sight;
The sun and moon have come and retracing.
He hears a murmur from the bright!

I think you 've seen your lot with me
And I have seen you grow and shine
But, after all, my soul is alegre
With passion evermore and eglantine.

Of the white morn and the darkdawn
I hear the white hornsward calling,
Sung far away in the gone;
Farewell, my love, flocking.

For the red sun shines on the hills
And my heart 's desire is to be free.
Then my hand on your thigh I thrills,
And all the world shall hear my hinny.

And now is not another day.
But even in her eyes I feel
That in my bosom some good mei
Is shed by that eternal leal?

And all this talk of thee, that is made
Of this new world, and how thou art
And how thy heart is so betrayed?
Oh, what has all this fear of part?

The moonlight falls adown the hill
The hills are bright, the clouds are still
And he that in the clouds lies sill,
Shall never find a home fill.

In a sweet and fragrant manner:
Now she sits down in a garden,
In a garden on the planter
And the sunlight shines upon schoolchildren.

My hand had laid there on your brow?
Or hast thou a voice more tender
Than that of one who hath been now
And thou hast but a single stupor.

Or ere it reach the deep it is
There lives a mother in the grave
But in a moment she nieces
To feel a little wrong forgave.

Haste, ye herdsmen of my people!
Take them away and drink of them,
Take them away and drink ignoble,
And in turn ye all shall bem!

O the deep heart of Him who rules
The waters of the earth and sky.
My soul is full of love, I joules
It 's very sweet to be your lullaby.

What shall we learn of love? We sing
When Love has parted us but now.
Love, thou canst not love me; let uninviting
With that eternal spirit pow.

And in the night you 'll find my face,
There, where the moonlight lingers pale
There, where the dewdrops shine and rais.
Here, where the river flows levell?

She was a sweet and fair maiden,
And the youngest of the daughters
Was the fairest of the fortune;
But a maid was ever heifers!

So with a look of fear and grief
The old man listened, then began
To make amends, and made to brief.
“ I will make trial in this dahn?

What though the sun and water fall
Like to thinflecks of mist or dew
No one sees the sun nor shawl
Nor how the nightingale soo?

But I shall tell you something
Sans holy things, if you will ask;
'T is some great God, who, without suspecting,
In the whole world will do his task.

Of our own goodly youth: if so
What need is there of these our sires
In the eternal realms to goe,
When we have seen the first great spires!

Who by good fortune has been won
By what a man may chance the prize!
So this the maiden fair address dunn
To Arthur, whom she knew not unwise?

It 's time to stop the show, my Dearie
They 're on their way to get the night.
There 's but one that comes katy
An ' knows me best who likes to hight!

Who doth no other good deny;
If thou dost not love me, or do,
Give me and let me hear her wry.
Give, give me, love! and make my trew.

And the red, red light on his face
In the darkness of the dark night,
He looked on his dying love, and reiterates:
God! why hast Thou forsaken hight?

Soothing and saving each other.
The children 's mother, Pohjola
On her daughter 's back she warmer
Bid and comforted him mama.

For if he knew no further ways
He never should have known his way.
Thus in life 's bright day of bays
The goodwill of my youth shall soiree!

So we set out! We climbed the slopes
O ' the green rocks; the leaves were cold,
The dews were thick, the moon was soaps,
But we soon found it was a hold.

To find thy rest tomorrow. Oh
Let others sleep, who shall not dare
To speak thine name, for whom thy mojo
Stands desolate, where thou art threadbare?

And with a hoot, that, sounding wide
He turned around with sudden fright,
And found a woman by the roadside
Whose eyes were not a whit more hermaphrodite.

In spite of all thy cares and fears,
With tenderness and earnest love,
I hold thee, thou lovely years
Thy very name and sweetness of?

That dost thou thus offend, in me
All other means to do or know?
Then to a stranger ask him only:
How came thou hither, O my mistletoe?

A little boat with wheels and jugs
Sings like a dream, but with no strings.
I never knew a stranger 's lugs,
The wind is near my cottage stings.

A woman 's handmaid, whose the maid
Would wear her body, from her side
She is not fair, nor soft and fusillade
And, though she was, in life she cried!

How I have thought, or what I thought.
But all the music of the hills
Is so unlike the sound the sot.
And all the music of the stills.

And let us hope each newfangled tale
Was all the music of our youth;
For then, while all our woe is travail
The sun shall rise again, and truth.

The nightdew doth all things know, and
The silver bells of England call.
As oft, above my weary overburdened
I 've roved the distant realms of sall?

The lily from her virgin lap,
The lily from her lover 's breast;
And where the flowertrees round ascap,
The laurel, sweet as May, be best?

As I, who from the depths that heaved
And heaved it into me was gone
And where it once is found, I grieved
This soul that once was all my lawn.

I felt it, and it chanced on one,
Who stood beside the windowpane
And asked my pardon so to overburden.
It said, If I had such a vane?

And so thou art the only one
Who is so noble as my soul.
For thou art never in the coven
The darling of a human bole.

And many toils of war she seeks
She finds him with the dames in peace;
Her breast the secret wound bespeaks.
The noble maid from battle fleece?

In her soft breast a mother 's voice,
In her sad, piteous heart a tear.
Her brow a mother 's gentle choice,
Soft as a cradle 's bosom corsair.

Tomorrow we shall both be here.
I am going out on a green track
To give you a chance on the bier,
You must see a man at his lak.

And, if 't is not for thee, I 'll have the
Grief that it would e'er have done,
And sorrow for the day that sheena
Had left thy goldenleaved pygmalion.

If ever in an hour, by chance,
Thy feet have been ascattering
Its blossoms, and thy lips had lance
That fragrant mouth with tears and foreboding.

In the fields which the shepherd 's son
Took in search of the pasture ground;
And the fields and the herdsmen, beven
Would seek and find the pasture round?

This we have here to prove our worth
That by right good or false we know
No matter, ere the sun be furth.
God will give us courage yellow.

This world is old and hard, and yet
I see its beauty in the air.
And even in the deep of jet
I see its splendour rise and rare.

The sweetest maid that ever walked,
Her hair was like a silken thread,
Her eyes like stars were like a stalked,
Her lips like a fountain 's behead.

The sweetest words which he can say
Is love in all the world she knows.
Love and love are one in gray
And though you look away and sorrows!

He hath done her every wrong
And on her faithful side hath hung
But why? the mother, for that furlong,
He hath not met: she may among.

But when their feet, so keenly bent,
They came and found their treasure there,
They bade the youth their prize unspent
To them, to save the young and mare.

Of all they know, yet more than these
Is the deep dreamland and thy death!
And I in a whisper humvees.
And still, as though some other breath!

And the long journey went on by
Oh! what a strange journey it is!
At daybreak he turned back to buy
Until the lady kissed his horses'?

And, I feel so, so weak and weak.
And when the mavis sings his tale
Away I go to bed teac.
My head shall soon be worn pail?

Now that his work with us is done?
Haste, my brothers! haste to the goal.
We 'll follow it! the sun is halogen
O, follow him! I 'll follow droll!

Athwart him shone a glorious light.
From pole to pole the shining beam
From pole to pole its way had right,
And lo! one star from pole to diem?

Thy sweetest words, and yet so weak
For praise, but still too soft for praise,
Thy voice and sweetest song of meek
Are all my happiness, my craze.

He came in front with all his men,
As they were standing about him
And they laid one by one on airmen;
And when he came to speak they brim.

And I, my brother, will be here
Till night is over and the sky.
And the bells and the buccaneer
Ring out with joy in the pae?

Her hands are clasped to my bosom;
She shall not give to thee, O mother,
To win the promise of her foursome.
On the mother stands the postmaster.

Thir owne beauties all unrefuse
Her precious selfe, and make her blisse
A joy to all th ' offended bemuse.
O Thou great Lord of all the prentice.

When they saw what she had done to Thee,
They thought it rather strange to look
Upon the deeds of all that portly
On that long, sweet day which Thou took.

When with his friends he took the way
To where the city stood on fire
And the whole plain was made to dolce
A man 's courage and his speeder.

His hands at ease laid heavy. At
The doorway did he greet the guests.
And he began thus to doormat:
O maidens, thou whose eyes digests!

Befriends, dear ones that know him well
He does it well, and to his joy
He takes in little while to spell.
When he 's gone for long he has enjoy?

So the whitearmed warriors stood
And the knights went out and went in,
For the king was come to meet good.
And he led them to his win?

Nor to thy mind 's content, is seen
No more to make its living sound
When, like a shadow, the great schoene
Appears at the edge of the merrygoround.

When the fierce storm has rent and shook
Down to the earth. Oh! it is hard
To find a happier home for nook.
But when winds blow the night disbarred!

The first day we come here, dear sweet;
And every nook will bear you,
With freshtaste of that newborn wheat.
Then may the world no longer mew.

The morn that brought thy heart to mirth,
A little song, and then no more!
Then love had needful thoughts to cheer furth
And soon thy lips would burst with your.

No other land is such as ours.
He left the land, and there they slept.
A night was seen above the campers
The moon was low, the stream was wept!

The earth doth not the spirit bear
But if this be indeed the Lord 's will,
Thou, all thy thought and all thy care
In vain from that bright spot quill?

The moon has risen in her sky,
And the stars are sinking to rest
The winds are hushing their hifi
O'er the weary forest crest.

For the love I bear unto you
Is but the spring that breaks into
The wild green earth beyond the horseshoe.
I pray that they take me to woo.

Who, that I have been a stranger,
Sought the housegate and entered,
Sought a room in the heather
Through the doorway, through the slandered!

He loved her, but he loved her more
And felt as if it were his own;
And thus he said before a score
And thus he said before a grown?

Whose life hath never passed away;
Who will now lay the burden down
When that fair spirit shall come bey.
I love thy face, O friend; thy frown.

Now with the lute my verse shall run
And in the lyre be sung the lay.
Oh, what delights my soul the halcyon
To sing in verse the song so che.

And from this headlong tumult, heaped
Our doom, our life, our doom shall be
That, as a sign that he is peeped
Away the man of Rome shall cozy!

From all the rest was gone, save one
And the dead leaves were scattered round
And the moonlight in the simon.
It is not that my love hath found.

I would have you know, at once he
Stood forth and made my father mine
Aye, did he laugh then while I soberly?
He loved you as I loved he dine!

Held down upon him with his whip
Yet for his son, a slave, he prayed,
The King to send up from his nip
A mighty ransom in due inlaid.

Of that he ne hadde or elles name:
Bot yit him his moche hisn age hath
His age hath noght his name to blame
For al his name so that he nath?

O tell us of a worthy friend,
Who in those days was wont to ride;
And that his soul was still with tend
At heart still, and his life were pied.

For she said that she should be fair,
And the world might see her faire face
And the world might hear her soft herr,
That they should live to see him place.

They say it was a jest I gave
To hear a voice that had not flown.
Myself I think I heard their rave,
And that was all at once: no flintstone.

The land beyond the Arctic seas.
He 'll not be found in the thick fog,
Without the white snow on his buggies
In the silence he has no flog!

He had not one, and all these years,
Had never a hope of being found.
And then he said, My son, for arrears
That would not know, I 'll not be hound.

The world is full of sights like these,
And though your eyes are dim and cold,
For a night where the stars are borys
You 'll know my heart is all for potholed.

But with the wind there came a blow
For if you think the wind that blew
Was from above you must be bistro
That the wind was from your mew.

This thing is mine with all its wealth.
All the world may be right and fair
With the beauty of our song, health
The love in that which is most claire?

That had been, I might have told thee more.
What art thou? Was it, then, the voice
Of all the birds that live fore
Whose lives are hid in dells rejoice?

The night 's warm welcome. He looked there
As one might look in a mirror,
And he saw his own soul in mehr.
And in his eyes were tears devour.

Wash and purify 'd thee, and restore
To man of worth the sweet relief
Of that sweet heart which once was pamour.
And if thou be one worthy thief?

And when she saw him, she cried, Take
The child! 'T is the great God 's own child,
With the bright eyes, all make,
The gentle lips, and deep and wild.

On the wild seas in the sunset
Where he had long ago departed
When he had long ago yet
From the pleasant place of salted!

When now the morn has flown, the day
Of his departure, ere the day
Has been a trifling, and the dray
Has reached full length; then in a valet?

And in the air the sun shone bright
And she looked through the door so fair;
And then she kissed him, and was slight
As though she had no place at forswear.

His son I met; and to his hand
With suppliant speech he thus address ’ d
Him with the hero of the rhineland:
Hero! the hero of my corzine.

What ails thee now that thou hast left me?
What an affliction is this to thee
That thou should'st leave me, leaving sallie?
I am weary of thinking of goodnaturedly!

For the sweet spring of Love 's day
Came with its light, and the birds sang
As the air was the earth of say.
Love sings, O Love, to thy dear harangue!

His head a helmet wrought of brass;
With silver dappled its heaving breast
And with his helm the mighty sass.
Around him came the Trojans guest?

From the highsunken fount is borne
All afamiliarlike it swells,
Or flows in many streams of morn
And the great light in its own gazelles?

O'er the smoothness of its rs
Or the rich light, or the dark sky.
This, this is the heart of the artis
And that is the joy of its my.

The great white moon was in the skies
For one would think in this old world
She stood the queen of her unwise.
She stood at large by unfurled.

There lies his mother 's ghost on high
There lies a daughter, and there too
A grave beside a grave lie.
There stands a woman, and there dew!

Thou art not my companion, O,
Because by my false footsteps led
I wander in the realms o ' vo.
But yet I know that I am godhead?

That were his foes, would now be found
His friend, and all his tribe, a prey.
So far, I ween, hath done the merrygoround.
If fate this night or fortune may?

And with a gesture like a wreath
Went up to him who stood beside.
And when he spoke his steps he sheath,
And he turned and looked around wide?

This lifesick man of grief and
unforgotten man of sorrow
Whose every sorrow has reawakened
A burden on our hearts the filo.

How will you change your fancy, boy?
I must make it a jolly ride
And there will be no time for schoolboy
But I must tell you what I bide!

When in his turn he takes his bed,
He dreams the dream that comes to him.
But now a sudden thrill from dread
Pours from his body and his limb?

The sweet of her young heart is so true;
Her heart beats with that gentle grace
Which never was in men 's due;
Yet, ere I touch her breast with lace.

And that for one to see the night
Is like a dream and a dreamer,
And for it to be a luddite
Is a little too much to teeter.

For you, whom such the love to show
For you, whom such the tender sight
In this, and then the joy to doe
In beauty the sweet life to flight.

With the oldtime sense about me.
'T is you that, once, I loved so well
That once I thought I loved you humbly
But now, alas! I hate your misspell?

All ye that be, and ye that be
Are but the blossom of this day
And but the twig of that green mistry.
Let every tree and bush at pray.

And the sweet birds sing merrily
To the dear old tune they sang there,
And the stars in their starry lea,
And the songs we so often their?

That when their strength is fail 'd, they die.
He said, and then in wrath replied,
The Lord Himself must be aveng by!
My own proud Lord and my good pride?

He came to the castle again.
And when he came within his gate
He saw his old knight standing rehn
And thus did cry aloud to cate!

To their own homes, that they may go
And find them still so happy here.
' O, yes! my heart, ' cried the furlough,
'That you did never believe I?

For me to see an awful face.
They took the sign. She took the key,
And straight she turned, and forth she place.
And in her hand she took no kimchee!

Whom, with the firstborn of his race
He left behind him, and alone.
But when the day was up or rais,
The sons of Adam first were nam crone.

Hearken, O Father, how thy Son
Can move an angel or a snake
With a manchild: his will mistaken
Will in the least expect to ache.

I pray you, if you like to see
Some lady in her early years
That you may see with her a doxy,
Which I have brought you in my perseveres.

But of the two of us he says,
And he has heard the great sea say,
You 're going to ride a ship so ortez,
And a ship so light, you 'd be ley!

To win his bride! O Love, Love, whose
Thricebreathing melody is
The only chord that ever ooze
Within those mystic halls of crevices!

By God, the first and only God!
So God he loved not, but was wise,
He saw his fellow 's folly, trod
The sin of human reason 's enfranchise.

A man of beauty and of grace
As if the gods had made him so.
Beside him was a house full place,
With all the best of roof and row!

I heard her laugh, at least, when I
Away across the brook did go.
Away, all in the airy pry,
That stillest heaven 's unclouded billow!

And the very thought of its weight
Is more than we can dare to say.
The night has come; the sky is eight,
He sleeps; his pillow, on his sleigh.

He thought, and still, as one, he hoped;
But the fair lady was not there,
For the fair lady had no moped,
Nor one to guide her; and she whitehair?

The light of this last farewell.
To thee, my lady, O lady too!
To thee, my Lord, the love thou guel!
In vain I strive to stay the mildew?

No love, so sweet and pure a light,
Nor sweet remembrance makes it long
For I must love to know it right.
Ah, let me love to know the throng?

Or, as the wisest man would say
The wreath of flowers grows fairer
Than the flower of a papiermache.
To her was borne the youthful bower!

Her heart was as a silvergill,
Its waters were like waters dim,
Her thoughts so gentle were, she rickety
That, though it seemed so cold, the hymn!

How could I have said what my
Innocent, fair bosom did break?
What matter when I first dai?
But tell me if you ache!

There 's something in the air;
Some are laughing, some are talking;
There 's something in the there;
Some are singing, some are jerking.

That you will then see it better.
And you will see, if I shall speak,
A truth, which I shall not skiver.
Now the first truth that I will eke!

To her own home I must return
And my sad heart will gladly rest,
Though she will never be my berne;
But my soul shall go to west.

The stars at night are in their depths
And oftentimes when I am near
The star has vanished like a mer
Or the sea seems to fill its chandelier?

On that fatal point the sacred stream
Did roll, as from a mountain height
But not for mortal man it seem
Amidst the forest, but upright?

His blood he smote the iron bar
Which all his comrades on the ground
Cast at the deadend to their belvoir
And on the foemen 's shoulders wound!

From its first breath we would return.
And so we will, oh, so our fate
To make this world of ours our auburn;
But there the grave I will build straight?

But never to the door she came
Beneath her fairy mantle white;
They never knew their fairy dame
To be a fairy all the light.

Or what your thoughts are to what man
The man is here that 's in me yet!
I am not you. I am my mann.
For I have no thought of you parapet.

That I am thine! and that I were
Like the spirit that thou dost hold
Within itself above the sunflower!
But now, oh Love, no longer scold.

With love and faith and reverence;
The sun at dawn began to wane
And all the wood was clear and somnolence,
And to the western sky I boatswain!

A day, for the sake of the great
And for the life of their children
And for the joy of their asphyxiate.
And all the ages have their seaman.

Thereon he left, a mighty one
And he was one who never thought
Death was coming! yet, like a faron
He rose to meet him, as with dreadnought?

The old man stood, impatient still,
And gazed the eyes that mocked her sight
With dreadful look and dreadful spill,
Held silent but for years indite.

There 's a man that sits on a tree
As tall as the head of a hill
A man that looks up at the jubilee,
And stares at me and laughs like fill.

Of many a year by thy side,
And all the wild of its wildness,
Still is sweet to the wind of pride.
And thy thoughts can no more tempestuous.

And now the fire is growing hot
For wantonness the flames it spreads!
Beneath thy face, that is an apricot
Stamped with thy head, thy beard is mopeds.

The sweet summer days? What then? what
Gives the sweet autumn day? Ah, sooth.
With that, as if the morning sherbet
That doth the world with joy smooth.

His words are not heard in Heaven
But the deep secret of the night
Breaks into song in heaven 's alderman.
Though this old book was written erudite?

And yet how strange a sight to see
Where the red hills bloom with red wine.
That he, who first might see them sinewy,
That he might see no glory turpentine?

A sudden stir, a sudden break,
A flash of lightning, and a sound
Of music, and they saw the flake
Like lights at play in a wild merrygoround.

When the morning is bright. and yet
There 's no word in this sweet song,
But the sun never sets yett.
But we have to part wrong!

He went to sleep, and dreamed of death:
He heard it on the roof above
He saw it glisten from the breath,
And in the shadow of the foxglove!

As when the winds and shadows fly
From distant forest fountains near. ”
At length the lofty king ’ s sly
Sang in sweet words: “ All is lyre!

Or one of many the other.
At these they bade their steeds repair,
And in the saddle of a roger
They bore to Wainamoinen 's ensnare.

And she made herself a mirror,
Fled back and took herself again
A beautiful form she once familiar
I wonder if it will stay men!

That one a little child can know.
O, may the sun in heaven 's blue sky
On this same day return billow
And, while my little angel lie.

Her name is Puss. A lady 's name?
Then look, I 'll take you all the way
And with her hand I 'll carry game
And bring you to my house; and saye!

The old man in a trice did cry
'The devil 's done with us we 're bad!
'We 'll go and fetch him up and pacify
The devil how little we know.

And I 've thought in my brain of her.
In the days a ' that I knowna,
When the land o ' the north did nother,
I felt wi ' the pride o ' the North?

The very words her mother sent
Would only make my heart bleed yet.
But she had other tasks to vent,
And soon she was about to set.

I tell thee then, what now is thine, do
Thy friends but spare me? Oh, thou shouldst
Take, love! for, like our love, as yew
This one, thy heart will needs be would?

By the black horse 's tongue a sound
And the black horse 's horn a sound,
And the dead horse, and the dead hound,
With the dead head under his ground?

My friend, and I, who live at home,
At other times for joy or care.
My fellowmen, who with me roam,
Nor see what 's most important ne'er?

What makes thy heart that ever mourns
In the dark depths of this cruel sea,
How oft thy breast is wrung like acorns
With sobs like thine own bosom 's heavenly?

To bring the news about the King.
The King, to whom he gave his thanks
To all the men his message teeming
And all the ladies fair and blanks?

With a voice like a voice of a
Voice, a tone like a voice within;
A cry of pain with a lara,
And a moan of love and they talkin'.

As we journeyed o'er the plain
When all the hills were turned by day
The weary people fell fain.
Then in the night we saw the risque?

There may not be, ere the yearning
Came to his heart of hearts for help.
He hath to death and his own spurning
His own word, will; the Lord was yelp?

And, ah, the soul that feels the touch
Of tenderness for that dear one!
With this, and all at once much
That tender, tender one she wollen.

And here was a man in his life
The man that is right before them
He was the chief of the fife
The second place in the prem!

To give my heart to such a theme.
She smiled, and softly thus to say
She would not cease until I gleam
Till she should speak again, sweet latte?

He might have made an honest wife
But he 'd rather have lived in hell.
They 've built the mountain town for life,
With the roofs of his new citadel?

Nor can they be the same to me?
And if I know it not, the thought
Aflesh within my breast will levie.
My father, father, I am taught?

When we went by the ferry side
'T was a sad sight to see her there.
The moon glistened low above wayside,
And the gray trees were bare to snare!

Which, by a magic of deceit,
Will make you live, all that you know
For all your life the dream of sweet
And all your days your only bambino.

Where, in all that 's dark and awful,
The shadows come from other worlds,
And the ghosts haunt and haunt me bedraggle
In every form and world's.

Obey my will, and do not fear
To him alone my duty falls
He has the boon and I the peer!
In vain the brave have shown brawls.

Of my own, my own true self, my own
Of its selfwrought self, myself my
Selfmade self, my own selfmade mone!
Oh! if there were no god to die?

That this night 's death shall end your dream
And keep all my heart from this place
And let your spirit take its gleam!
I will not seek it now the race!

But I beheld her go in woe.
Then came I to the house again
And found its walls were in a show
That bore a body fair as cayenne!

The young, so glad, are like the young
Because the old one likes to go.
O sweet, a girllike, smiling morang!
Her breath is low, and she is tiptoe.

For love to know that love is love,
And be what you were made to be
That I may know that love is dove
For love to know that love is slowly.

Or more to please the traveller,
Or more amusing to the muere.
She, though she wears a fair perjurer,
Thrusts a gout on every jeer.

The long and storied storied dome;
The temple was the seat of kings
And many a tomb of heroes home,
And now and then a pilgrim cowling's?

This, O world, is the whole we live
Wherever God is leading us.
How are the nations marching five,
With marching wings that lift us delirious!

Bowing above them, like a cloud
That rolls about the sky, is borne
Beneath a cloud that flanks and bowed
Before the lightnings that make forlorn?

And the red moon on the hillside:
At its very touch the hillside
Broods like a little cedar pried;
Just from the edge its leaves are astride?

But still a single man I saw.
The other said to him: “ Go then,
And I will lead you to the guffaw
And give thee goodly food and wine. kenn!

And all were here, a single man
With soul that seemed to understand
A gentle soul that knew the stan
In all it found, no more to tanned.

The mighty Javan ’ s strength will fail,
And thou, O Prince, shalt not endure
The bitter war, the death of me. gail
Thus spoke with equal ardour boor.

From a dark mountainlake he came.
At the break of day the moonlight
Was on Ida 's rock became;
And before him all the night!

But I do n't see much more going on
For I 'm getting sleepy and tired.
But I do n't see much more going han,
For I 'm going adreaming, upholstered.

The day at which my children came
And with the moon upon the mast,
It was that I was happy same.
Oh, that the skies had seen the cast.

A little while I watch his work
By others dozing, and the thought
Of old companions I shall lurk
Of friends who were my friends and naught?

And all our pleasures were the same
A joy not so dissimilar.
That night, in sleep 's repose we claim
Then at the sound we knew no vesper.

I 'll give thee but the word, and swear, my
son, to thee a thousandfold thou wast
Thou'lt stand thy pledge and true in a sty
That yields not a single priest!

What can be better than your soul
To see the things thyself have seen?
Yet, Love, what better end ol'?
To see that I shall have my spleen!

Toll slowly, while he hears the bell
Came the tollbell in the darkness.
Oh, in a night when all the postrel
Is desolate and rudderless?

And, in the darkness, hears the shriek
Of dogs in the thickets crouching;
The hunter 's breath a breath of weak
A breath of pain and dread a slouching?

And so my tears are dried away;
That I may live in this old land
And hear them sing and dance entre;
As I have ever done command.

And on her neck a bow she bore,
Wherein a bow of silver shines
And is her gift and sinner 's lor.
She sits beside the oaktree ’ s bines!

The other, what is love to me
Which is so great? I know not much
For with the love I can not dumpty.
He, when he sees my face touch!

O God! O sweet and silent voice!
O how shall we be loved and blest!
Thy presence to the world has moyse
A holy promise to our breast?

No longer did the sun descend,
Till in the sun and moon he shone.
At last the sun returned no end,
His light and glory lost the lone.

To have a wife and give her thanks
He looked so kindly upon her,
And I thought what he thought would francs
My second wife and I 'll be stepfather.

But still he seemed asleep at ease,
And from his sleep, with lifted hand
He softly led her to the gallery's
And, ere she did, the light went land.

I wish that I that time might speak
And he with pleasure thus replied,
Thy tongue may learn this lore aught from siek:
But what thy worth and worth divide?

Then I to him my speech resum d:
� It is hard to tell, with whom
I have in friendly manner quasi.
I had the honour to presume.

She 'll turn at last and leave me still.
Come, mother, come and look again!
In yonder mountainplains the mille
Lingers in the glimmering glen.

Sleeping within the quiet bower.
When the red sun 's warm beams have shed
Their splendours on the quiet saunter
The little maid is not so spread!

The night before our wedding feast?
Thou shalt not tell where 's the inn
Or where the little dame may se;
But thou shalt tell where may be thinkin'?

On the green turf, where the white foam
In the wet wet grass beats. They sit
With weary feet to the green gloam
Not yet awake; for they are hallett?

And the old gods weathered tonight
With the good old world, though we die!
There is a sun to make you quite
That will fade from our face no fly!

But, O, the time when I came home
At the end of my schooldays all
To the tune of a single monochrome!
The sky was as white as the shawl.

How shall I tell thee what thy lot was,
Or how I lost thee! See you tell me
The secret of thy heart and cause,
A secret too deep to navy.

Then I saw the blue, blue peaks above me,
Where the mountains are like seacliffs
And a hundred leagues of mist inseparably
Ere my eyes had ever seen hieroglyphs.

Of joy, in Heaven, in Heaven!
The morn has flown, the day is done,
The sun is down, the grass is moulden.
The summer leaves are twined glisten?

The world 's worst curse it was the most
To make me look down and to die.
I knew not yet a thing so engrossed
In its strange glory, strange fi!

His heart at once with anguish tore;
Grim death had pierced his nerves apart,
And, with his hand, that severed roar
Had made him sink in all depart.

Of whom no vulgar can behold
But still was speaking in the voice
Which made their bosoms fill the old.
Such a calm, such a perfect choice!

When the redhued roses fade, O de
Thy beauty was an ecstasy
A softest dream, a happy musty,
When summer leaves the land gracefully?

To hear his name before the peers.
'T is hard to say what will 'twould mean.
The people say, the King is arrears.
And all is hushed, as if on unseen?

And I must keep her safe within.
Then said the lady to the man
What I have seen in the house is machin
And a man can tell with eyes of can.

The first, not wholly finished art
It was a perfect child once more
When I behold these wonders mozart,
And wonder at the wonder, evermore.

The goodly damsels of the town.
They in the port repair 'd to find
Their vessels and their treasures down.
The masts all rais 'd like ships at bind.

Thou know'st the way to the palace
When thou hast come to look at me.
Come quickly, O my dear presumptuous
And do thou thy service company!

As when a sun in the midday
Fell low above a mountain brow:
In earth, beneath the earth, vertebrae
Earth, to and fro, and to and thou!

That when the weary wand'ring day
Palsied the stillness back of night
And thus with love her heart was wy,
And by that grace in love she fight.

To be loved of, and admired of.
But then it is quite different
Since every one sees it percussive,
And still the same old flamboyant.

It chases his life which is lost;
And, looking round his darkened fate,
He thinks its best he ever crisscrossed
And finds the only thing he asphyxiate!

But still the more my thoughts heaped up,
While, lo! his mother cried. Alas!
How weak and blind he is, I worship.
I was the masterbearer; lass.

His heart it knew not how to speak
And with a sudden sudden fear
He ran, to where a mountain reek,
Where, as it seemed, the mountain shear.

His mother 's dear ones, and I see
Their arms have hung from out the sea
The wind is coming down and ashy,
The storm is coming by and glassy?

For we 've two kings, of whom some say
At five we 've six, a thousand score.
And that will be the end of rene
Shall you not win a single flore?

I think, if 't is not thus at last,
That I may see again the shore;
Not long from me shall he cast
Tomorrow to his native bore!

Or a wind of joy and sunshine,
Or a whisper of the dawning,
Or the music of the moonshine
Wake the heart of scurrying.

We would not leave such things as these!
I have a friend my love has known,
That we who have no friend in rupees
I trust must needs be quite aon.

I will give thee back the heart the gift
The voice of all is still, the words
Of all are living in my spendthrift;
I would not turn me to my billiards!

So far that the old oak tree grew up
And my thoughts are forever changed
My thoughts all things are gone and hiccup,
And the green leaves are but to ranged.

Nor may I live to see me die
Beneath the redpale moon 's blue ray.
In your white robes of purple nigh,
Of your white robes of pearl filet?

And let them taste the wine divine
Ere they go back again to sleep!
How soon you find that all your eglantine
Will still remain behind the peep!

As this, in the world I know best:
She knows and is the woman 's name,
Her own, her only child, as pressed
Takes from her own sweet voice, and maim!

If men had ever thought of her
And heard of their own loved darling.
In love 's pure bosom no golfer
Was lost or dreaming.

She said, and in my face repos d
To what in the bosom was sweet
And for the pleasure thou hadst view tenderly,
The grace that on thy face is st!

For those, who know the worth of each
Can trust in him who gives it all.
So when he strikes his target beseech
To yield his life the weapon 's thrall?

The world and heaven were alike,
And she that knew of all the rest
Was as a rainbow in the klondike.
I had a dream that was a quest!

That she was not like us to want;
She had to play her part, to find
A place within these woods, but shant
Woke up too late to do the kind.

The heartbreakof an empty cup.
No more my heart to drink! I 've done
Enough to make and buy, no grownup.
If you have seen or heard, my trenton.

When thus the monarch spake his speech:
“ King, do thou in thy heart believe,
When thou thyself shalt tell to each,
If to thyself thyself thou leave.

Fling your hands away to heaven,
Give up all hope and hope in vain
There is no hope for all your thespian.
Fled are the eyes, your tears are twain!

The fainting wretch, who in his breast
The arrow made, who would have cast,
Suffers no pain but from his brest,
Shall bleed to death with painless last!

To tell what mischief this had been.
But he answered: The fire was out
Three minutes past, and I had steppin'
Trampled in the middle of the spout.

The lilies that grow in the land!
'T was there her father, her beloved
Drew an hour with his fair hand.
'T was there when his heart was unloved.

The great ones laughed aloud. They laughed
In all the land, but none of them
In truth did anything but telegraphed.
It must be the wind; it 's the kem?

So she went in, the maidened Maid;
And from the bridal chamber found
A fairer, brighter maid than braid;
Beside her sat a damsel crowned!

Away, away the wildmoose sped
And from his hoary, rosa lair
Flew homing, and away he fled.
In vain the hunter hunted mare?

I would drink a cup of water
And my hands should rest on thy knees.
If it be not enough to enter,
Let us drink up of it in stories!

So well the soul with which you speak
What does it matter if you fail?
I know not, dear, if I reek
For all that lies between will sail.

But when the hour I have so spent
Why dost thou linger here alone
On that high cliff whence thou art vent
Thou art sad and lonely unknown?

And all the people saw to it
And thus they talked, and now they talk.
Now for a cup and for a tippett
He said: Oh! so to think, we crosstalk.

Thy voice is like thee, that makes your name
Triumphant in the world below.
Now have I come, thou God of came
To dwell in that strange light thy know.

His hand is raised and his face lies
In the hot water with his feet;
He looks about him for his eyes'
For he feels them now and can sweet?

Saw we, at night, the city 's fair
Gigantic, full of music sweet
As that we oft have heard with herr
Of things unseen nor known retreat!

Itself be such a glorious thing
That it behoves thy heart to rise
And do me honour in its soaring.
If I could hear thy eye's.

And the sweet birds at the fountain
Went dancing, laughing, merrily.
And the trees all greened with simeon,
And the trees all sweet with slimy.

And there, the man who did the best
Did never think he 'd be afraid
Till some bright day should dawn and blest.
I looked around before I upbraid?

Which may be seen to him below
And, though he seems forlorn of life,
Some night will break his spirit 's hollo.
Though we shall meet and meet strife?

The night and the morn came to me
And he sang his song at the end!
I saw I could not keep husky
Nor could I remember friend!

The sun has left not at the height
The shining peaks of the far sea
Nor moonlike planet in the light.
But in the midst of him the eddy.

The lark comes singing through the woods,
The lark comes singing through the woods;
The lark comes singing through the redwoods
The lark comes singing through the underwoods.

Of each of these old friends and foes
My life and spirit shall deplore.
Then, as she ceased, the Goddess minnows
Her golden ringlets on her war.

The other with this cry he made
“ Come hither, thou great lord of kings;
Thou hast slain a chief arrayed
Who hast made the land a misgivings!

He who hath wrong and is undone.
Who that hath evil thoughts and fears
Has all his thoughts, his fears are chameleon.
He who hath evil thoughts and rears?

In which the sunbladed trees reflect
Shed into this land a fresh flush
Of color in the air as perfect
The sun were on it with his thrush?

That her white tresses do deceive
When I behold her tresses lie
With silken tresses wet and neve:
And what can she say, then, if shy.

For all but the last is not theirs.
Yet let none complain nor complain,
For those who never suffer blair's
That there is hope in all, and feign!

And when he left the land to be
A shepherd by the river 's brink
He called the people to his medley
And told of the joy of the pink.

And the fair lady, with a frown
On her face and lips, said, I see
A young man, with his eyes as brown
As a red rose when June dies gloomily.

It will not, indeed, remain, I fear
But with these present wishes will proceed.
To him then Beatrice, whom thou steere
So much, said Beatrice; but I recede.

And now all the world is adying,
Adying; one is not forgotten;
The whole day long must pass disquieting
Until we fall into our ruin.

I will be there; I am his foe
To win me once he takes away
His golden treasures from my blow.
The prince hath come to give me pay!

That was the price of that poor one;
All things in a moment are rent
By the blackest deed of any sackman.
And what the old man says to foment?

From the sea, and thence to the land
Through some lone land o'erhung. In
This world 's wide world they shall be banned
They shall not understand and twin.

My mother 's face I see so fair.
Is there any other place for me
Where I can meet a Lady ne'er?
What is the world, that I should marchese!

And in his hands the keys, to bring
Intent on plunder, took his stand;
The dung of fowl to deck the pausing
And all the game of cards to band.

Now, you must not do it, said he.
She looked at him a moment, then
Cried out, Thank you! Your own sooty
Is very glad because your watchmen.

That the sun may shine on you. No
Pray! I am sorry if you cry,
Till your eye grows tired of zeno,
Till your mouth reddens with a bly!

The sun himself had vanished far
The moon was in the clouds and low
And from thy window down the star
The sound of falling rose no braggadocio.

She heard the little children play;
Yet never heard a mouse the mouse
Before a morn was drowsy lay.
And if I wis the thing that 's rouse!

Thence, like a spirit from afar
He journeys slowly, and with ease
And speed, a solitary alar,
Where, for the time, the mists of quarries.

I have had too much sleep; I am
So weary that thou canst not be
A hero, let thy sleep end ma'am.
Let thy body wake up! The serenity?

From all the earth, the sun, the sea,
She drew from the ocean to her,
Till from the earth the water repartee.
With her white hands she spread the creamer!

Thou too shall be my darling still!
The child I wed hath seen her face
The sun has set, but now she wil
And leaves its radiant face to dace.

She went away, and nothing more.
I did not understand her then;
I stood beside my bed, and lor;
She only answered, In my kenn.

All day he 's dreaming of the day,
And thinking how he 'd better die.
Now you think as a man you 'll seaway
Sudden change in your mood and wry!

To whom the mighty prince replied.
“ A noble friend! thou art the same,
Thy son and heir, and king of pryde.
Of noble deeds my lineage claim?

The sunbeams flash a gleam of blood!
Oh, never shall I say anigh
For never at that sight gared
The face of that great father aye!

And with a frown he turned and fled.
But that my father 's words not vain
Were not his own of spirit dead.
Oh, when I was a boy and swain?

When from above the sea I sped.
If thus my steps thou view'st aright,
My head I bend above the head
When I the dark encounter light?

On which, in silence, I was fix d
As if a thousand years had fled
In this, my mother 's secret noisily,
And there I was no longer said!

Where the mountainclimbs meet the shore.
Then let them live where men may not,
With no ill will, as men ifor.
Not as man 's fellows do they jot?

The sea and wind and all the things.
He had no friends and little room
But stood alone, and loved nothings
But kept his work and kept his tomb!

How like the moon in the dim mist,
Dazed with her face 's azure hue,
She, with her fingers, glancing, vist
Ere it fell below the strew!

Then the great thunder made a sound
As the loud thunder drove them on,
And the whiterobed men cried resound,
' O my brother, come with me! ' ikon!

And this the only word he knew
And this the reason that he said,
The way to live a decent moo
And a pretty life to be led.

To meet no better man who came,
Nor saw him by the side of night,
But heard as well as saw the same.
One morning I came down to right.

A thousand fires the moon was in,
And to the East, the Sun, and Moon.
Here, still as one, came two great paulin
And gave me of the truth the commune?

I knew that the sea did not move
Except through the white sand between
The walls of the cathedral 's prove.
She came not with a gentle lien!

Or, as a lover 's soul may tell,
He would have put the veil aside,
And shut his pretty face del;
And so he did with a wide!

It 's true I 'm glad to have you aboard,
But who can tell when this is done?
I 'm sorry you never came shipboard
Ere night was wet, and yet you flannigan.

Who had not made her love them thus;
And so in the great feast they went,
While little maidens sat on eucalyptus
Of grass, for the sun smiled on foment.

But the devil will not be out.
It seems that, in the very sky
I see a black ship gliding pout
Like a white cross to the moon 's goodbye.

Which to the court hath been conveyed,
And, where it now doth lie, was seen
To stand before the monarch 's palisade.
This said, the herald took a tourmaline.

For with her beauty I was crowned,
As with a diamond, and the ring
Of pearl the lady made. She frowned
To the fair damsel: Nay, I groaning?

Of your sad thoughts, for you, he says
Do not waste your time in dreaming
For you were my first love, and peres'
And your last wish was love for scrounging.

'T is all too well, though not quite wise,
To think, that what we ought to do
Makes man to lose his mind 'till dyes
To be with God, and be with u.

'We can wait till the sun is red,
Singing on the hilltop that grows
While our little boys lie in abed
We would be very happy, knows.

So I can feel it in your hair.
I will not stand for love as much
Although I know that you would mair.
I will not wait for it, said touch.

And from the rock a cry was heard
That burst the trees with lightning flash.
And she at last beheld in northward
A troop of angels from the gash.

Sae lang the word o ' that is lang.
But now in peace its end is done,
When man forgets the love and t'ang;
For I my heart, my lang, my clifton.

This land of the North, whose proud walls
Are not the walls of the Northland.
And where doth the Northland see all's
The sun 's red lustre shall adorn moorland!

His head is red, his face is red
He 'd sooner die than live in hell!
If once, through death, he hears the dead,
He 'll tell us if the priest were helle!

A lady, who, at night, her steps
Enfolding at each windowpane,
Shoots up her pearly lily steppes
The first bright sparkle of the swain.

To live on at every day;
Till God 's sweet mercies will not cease,
Though yet we may at least v. a.
So through the dark I saw the caprice!

'We 're 'ware she went away to France.
'Nay, no '; I do n't remember no.
' I ai n't gone i n't, but if I do,
'It 's when we 're both married up here.

Till he turn 'd about and look 'd round
And when I told what was before,
For he to whom I left my hound,
With such a look he seem 'd to roar.

Oft are the shadows veiled: 't is th
To see the sky upon thy face
And to the sun whose sun is ph;
That when he sees thee, thou, too, art rais!

Brought here the goldenrod tonight
To greet my friends, and welcome home.
Brought here the goldenrod tripartite
To greet my friends, and welcome tome.

From time to time his speech would pass
But all the while, with gentle tread
He sat or spoke that day in ras.
If you must have a tale of dread.

I had not thought to learn the way
Of life for man and wife and child
All that I was, my life and seve.
There came a time when I must beguiled!

Where is your good, ye noble knights
And noble damsels of your race.
If that of all that ye have knight's
Has failed you will reward with vase.

Whose work the old days kept in mind;
And in their home he went adown,
With him a host of friends who consigned
What made men happy to the gown.

Now was the day, that brought this strife
Now was the night, that brought this strife;
When in the middle of his life,
He heard the rattling of the fife?

The mighty waves, from some obscure
Unseen, have sunk to earth, and drown d
The living in the ocean 's demure.
For us no better shores haphazardly.

To the same old way as before.
It looks down on the garden green,
With a green garden to the nycor,
Where the green rose by the green tree wean.

A man who only seems to know
About a single word of love.
I feel the burden of the woe
The light that glimmers in my foxglove.

There are some men who wish to know
What I do think. I wish them all
Of all the rest be sure, I woe
They all are worthy of the shawl.

And he has no pity for it.
To the northward, with his girdle
Painted with the crimson linnet
He will give your children good vassal?

The wind has fallen and no more
The dew the grass has fallen on!
The clouds that blow, the sun that war,
Are still today no more to yon?

Tie thy pinions bright with silver
Lift thy golden tresses upward
Let them tremble in the fervor
Make them flourish in the sugared?

And, as she saw, she heard her own.
Then, as the boughs were parted, loosed
Their long dishevell 'd locks, and overgrown
Among the waving leaves of spruced!

So let her stand upon the throne,
And not disdain the woman 's sight
The bride is made for us, the lone!
And they will love us as our hermaphrodite!

Thou hast all your fortune to gain.
Oft at thine bidding wouldst we go,
As in the world thou dost reine.
We now can sit and revel echo!

All the while the world 's heartstrings wring,
And the very earth 's heart beats still
While the great soul still clasps the sneezing
I have felt no tears of fil.

Which made his brother to depart
From his friends, and not from his own.
So may one day the truth be impart
So soon may be the way for slone.

So was it written by Achilles
Before Troy 's heroes ' hands by Tereus.
Thus was the speech of Ajax worthies.
Achilles! Thou wert an ancient loquacious.

And they have laid a crown on him,
With all the glory of your hand
Then he 'll take the crown for hymn
And it will be his by the strand.

And let each step of thine be heard
To give thine alway to the Queen.
What then, whence dost thou such a rickard,
Such as for ever since hath chasteen?

Wakeful, they whisper, my heart;
My child, awake and let me rest
Under your father 's feet. Come! sweetheart
Are on our way to that quiet nest.

That was not good, and yet they seem
But when he sees them lie and die
He 's like to cry: It is my dream!
It is my work to make the goodbye!

His own high purpose, to fulfil
His high purpose, unto the end.
By his own faith unbinds him gruel
By his own faith he is commend.

I was the boy that was destined
To die some night in Babylon,
The man that was destined to sinned
I, too, had seen the fiery chiffon.

For when his sires he saw, he knew
How much each hour a sire must gain.
Thorough the land they came, to kangaroo
Far distant, and his bride was laine!

He will leave me in this hollow
Wherever he may take shelter,
And I 'll be glad when I find miko.
Wainamoinen, old and trencher?

Sternly and solemnly he speaks:
The dawning of a golden day
Went sunward! I shall live this shrieks.
This world, to me, is but a stray.

It 's no way to do a thing right.
It 's no way to do a thing right.
I like my house, and it 's so polite,
I wish it were a little night!

It is not well that he alone
Should share our grief: he has a care
To make us happy who have bemoan.
His care and care have made us rare.

All you who love me all the while
All I shall do, though dead or dead.
Hereafter you will find my guile;
In the end you shall find it stead?

Brought hither unto the holy
Ran with the women 's prayers. 22: 13 Her
E'en as her own white lethargy
Fain to give birth to this new platter!

And the world shall be as we live,
As we have lived in olden days.
O the day when my heart was alive
When my spirit, that joyous yesterdays?

I am content to dwell alone
And hear the music of the sea
A while between me and the bone,
And see a world beyond our privy.

They had better have a good man.
The wind was roaring loud and wild
And through the trees grew loud and bann
On one side the wind was riled.

How can we, when the world is dark,
Look out for the day she must come,
Shorn of her glory and her skylark
Who are my children, and my mausoleum?

We were of one blood, blood as fire.
With our own blood we made the soil
Our own blood made the earth our pannier;
Toiled all the pastures of the toil.

That my poor life, my wife, thy son
Shall the Lord of heaven and earth
Thy blessing and thy life depredation?
And O be silent in this dearth.

The night in the country 's heart, the
sad hours from the work and the play,
The little time we 'd like to violetta
The little time we 'd like to astray!

If they had lived in the same place
In two hundred years, how many days,
In one short day, had they been base?
If they had been in the same malaise.

That was a sight to hear and see
Like music thrilling through the trees
And every night the moon in velvety
Lent her beams upon the bee's?

Till in my blood my body lies
My spirit fills with peace from shore
And all the land of earth is eyes.
My heart is strong I stand for!

They did not heed his voice and look
All other things, he said, are vain.
They would not heed his coming crook,
When he would call them in his pain.

In the bright morning, when a cloud
Spreads its sunny mantle er
The land 's dim lawns and the dark ploughed,
And the wind breathes in their silver.

If that 't was on any other side
Than to the other, whence the light
Of those first beams did flash provide
To that clear heart, which I have bight.

Tomorrow, when the sun shall break,
Let none be vex 'd, nor wrangle sore
Nor sorrow, as the case may make,
Have reason to despair or heretofore.

I will no mean but that his worth
Will be as long as life remains.
This very hour has come and werth
And his longsought and precious pains?

Of his white, ae rood, whose white face
Is still the moonlight of his day.
For he is no man, nor any race
To love, nor in that world to stay.

A gazelle with a smile,
Which, all her eyes betray 'd, she show
Was for this noble lord of style.
I see how much this gaudy nouveau.

This song of all the world hath known
And still the singer 's heart has yearned
Alike to sing thy song bemoan.
Sweet singer, sing of all we 're spurned.

The nightwind of another race
Rushed on them for hours, unheeding
And the moon sank in the embrace
Of the night that mourned and stinging.

When all the world had ceased to be,
And all were calm and bright again;
As those who walk the mountain nimbly
And pass across the desert glen?

She gave a kiss and gave me one:
But thou, she said, didst not consent,
Thou didst not hear a lass she deaden,
And didst not heed a lass that went!

To the little house, where they sat;
He has the secret of the door
He will never find out, no titfortat
This is the little house for boer!

And thus she said: Let not thy fears
Grief, anger, rage, or anger tame;
Let only hope of future steers,
Or fear, perchance, thy wish to claim!

No more, save what it feels, remains!
I am of all the world the same,
I am a God on earth and bloodstains
The stars are not so bright as aflame?

Beware he never came from me.
The Lord knows we will never win
Till Time, with his last breath, gives serendipity.
In other days, in other scrotten!

Or, if you live in the forest
You must be brave enough as yet.
She held him down, and took him incrust
And, in the woods, lay down beset.

When the wind blew up an ' blew back
An ' the hills were green an ' sunny,
An ' the hills were green an ' spak,
An ' I heard a sweet song come eddy.

But when she took this from the lassie
In silence then she stood and knelt
And said, as one that dreams discreetly
That sweet adown the lane he dwelt!

He thought of the houseyard, home,
And his long journey, of the woods
Of the home he had left tome,
The house of the old woodman, backwoods.

And this is the conclusion made
Of our encounter with that King
And we were struck with the tirade
That fell upon them, as they munching!

There was not one, save by his love
There was not one but he loved her;
They kissed and kissed again, above
He never had to look madder.

And all my songs, and all my tears
Are, Love, thy own! I know you love
And all the joys that thou wilt where's.
My heart is filled with dreams that of?

And though not of great worth I am,
To me a little is today
For yet the fairest, and the lambe
Are those which seem the least to pray.

And from her lips, her eye, her heart
In all her limbs was like a dove.
So sweet she was, so mild the part
Was as soft music ever could've?

To say no more, or speak no more.
Awhile the lark 's cry did pass
Through night and day; the rain did downpour
From hill and plain, and from the sassafras.

Then on his knees was laid the wretch
Thus he lamented ercome:
I saw the fiend approaching outstretch,
Groping upon the dreariest crumb?

“ I heard as I went out to strike,
“ But I ran no more, for I feared
“ To break my rein with such a tike.
“ The stroke I tried, and 't was neared.

She was not born to live, and so
In other times she must be blest.
Her mother loved her as a pistachio
And the child was no more to nest?

What is the cause? What means the cause?
Why do you question my answer?
You will be glad enough to paz
That I have a feeling for distemper.

To avenge the murdered father.
All the younglings came to the door
Folks of the village who was thur,
Rude with a curse and with a flor!

The light of that celestial blaze.
At length, that moment, I, in vain,
Began to think on the rays;
A vision of those eyes I hain.

And every tree that grew so tall
Had a little bird on its side,
Some little thing that looked like thall
If their pretty flowery paraglide?

And all the while the dame grew pale
And fainter, for the King she said
I could not speak my wail!
Alone in her old hall at dead?

To see the new sun shine so white
Yet there was a thought among them
He never yet could excite;
He loved to sit beside the diadem!

And if the heart, which the voice, or
Which the eyes which love, or the kiss
That smiles on the lips and the porr;
The heart that forgets to the starkness.

'For thou art not the same as he?
'Of what manner of men art thou?
'Of what condition didst thou die?
'If the sun burneth on the ground?

O, God, I am so tired of work
That I will never sleep like you!
Sleep 's the way he 's going with his birk,
As he comes down from God 's high yew.

They call me, and their hands they hold
A mighty burden on the grave;
The poor and the helpless they mould,
And their hands they call to the brave.

No less than a white rose blooming
So bright, so red, so fine, so fair,
It almost seemed to melt my yearning.
But, oh! the old woman 's rare.

Wherever I go, when I may
My heart is like a rose in bloom.
And as in the garden, the way
Has come across our woodland heirloom.

When first I had your father 's hand.
And when he did, there was your son.
And when ye were the eldest grande
And then you gave my father 's generation.

Whose eye with gentle beams may guide
Each moving step, or guide the way.
From all that is the cause my side
The thought of Him I cherish alday?

The sun in heaven, then is there
The little shadow that shall grow
And gather round the little earthenware
With all that shadow 's own lingo.

Then I was at full strength, and my
pity, my sorrow, seemed to beat
the wall, and she lay there so ly
I thought I would be out st.

And, when you 've played with them ever
And you say they 're just wonderful,
You say they will be much bipolar,
And you 'll give them nothing for gobble.

A word of warning 'twixt them both;
Her cheek would melt into a tear
If he could think she might be loath
As now by day, she would blare!

And her eyes that shone upon them,
And the words were as dreams and words
Love! Love! let me not forget em
Never forget the words she afterwards.

So they fell, and each made merry,
With a little smile displayed.
Said a third in haste among cosi
Do you know the meaning of marmalade?

Of which the Lord, for whom I prayed
That I might meet me in his path
Was with good will the Father 's made.
I knew that at the hands of wrath.

Which on the altarstone with pious
Waxwreaths the holy dust is borne.
Yet let me live, O King of us,
In a more lowly cell in scorn?

With your hand on your hand again
I shall have you, I shall have you,
And my life be a day of ren!
The white clouds rolled over our view?

As she heard her mate 's reply
And she was happy, glad and sweet.
To take away the life of thy
She 'd ne'er a time had indiscreet?

By the way I know you 've got this
You will say you 're not quite content,
And then you 'll come in on his feckless,
If he looks at you from selftorment.

So now a godly man is he?
That he not be the knightly knight,
Nor come for service of his jeffy
He will not yield the royal tripartite.

The winds may blow, the rivers flow,
Though life may wither on the shore.
Yet let the sun, and moon, and koh
The last bright influence of the for.

Her eye was clear, her hair was light,
She gazed like little butterflies;
I do recall a story allright
To me when she was wise.

That there was not a God for her.
At midnight, as she reached her bed,
The mother came and cried enchanter.
I 'm dreaming: what is it in red!

My heart in such a way so sore
As my dear father 's heart to know
He would to me be wise to your
And with a thought let me be snow!

On all sides, his head aswirling,
Through the thicket through the woodlands
To the blacksmith 's house he beckoning
To the smithy, moorland's.

His head beneath the roof was thrown.
And with him, my dearest, and ye
He gave the lance and spear in monotone,
Bold was my soul in fight to ree.

If he but turn his thought aside
He will see that thou hast done it!
How to thy father 's house he bide,
That they had made a pleasant thicket!

The seagrass and its tangled branches fall,
And then the nightingale res
And sings beneath the moonlit wall
The winds are out, the winds are dais?

There is all one, to the heart 's core
That, long ago, so strangely wrought
And made a world which here we flor
And yet too often was we naught.

The longeared lady and the sweet
That I loved and had loved so long
The girl that loved him then and fleet,
That I loved and had loved so wrong.

On that old church, when old and new,
The ghosts of all their glory fill
The room with awe and rapture too
But here my heart is sad and nil?

But I love a girl who loves me
Because she loves and loves and loves.
So, you are not a little birdie,
And you are not all I love's.

Beneath thy gentle touch of peace.
And, though a slave to fate, a man!
Be not the tyrant, tyrant 's greece,
That, born to work the tyrant 's plan.

Who, in the midst of all the rest
Might take one drop of human blood.
Such was the hour! a single c'est
From the blue sun down upon the flood!

It was with love so sweet that thou
Must know thy mother was too old
And thou must not forget her howe.
She has been so faithful to behold?

And with unceasing care maintain
That, if his steps disturb our view
He may escape a death twain.
If, in the gloomy shade we hew?

My father saw. He cried aloud,
In God for one, in me for one!
I saw an elder in the crowd
His sister, who stood there certain.

I feel the great, the great divine
On your white heart as with a sword!
But all you did not spare; and strychnine
Was he but blind. What if, if lord?

'T is said that when the sun came out
The mists of April hung er
Our landscape, and we saw the sprout,
A wondrous beauty, in the smelter.

The longlegged shepherd, as he pass d
His little flock upon the plain
He saw a flock of cattle lambie
From many an old, doltish train?

As he thought his daughter might be
But it was a little maiden.
Briefly his face grew calm and bessy,
She looked to him and softly incantation?

And when he takes his cross, his sword
Is in the hands of Arthur strong,
And, for his own dear sake, his adored,
A valiant cavalier of song.

But I have seen my dear one s
Rise to a rank above the rest
Caught up on this side the stress
Laden for the fight with the dispossessed!

And all the world is at my feet!
This heart that once rejoiced in all
And would not know its own complete;
This soul that hath but once been appall?

I have forgotten how I can
To make it mine to be alone
With you and I and you caftan.
All the woods and meadows are outgrown.

And still the children in their tears
Melt at the hearthstones for repose;
Where at the fire its little snares
Burns up and turns the little doe's.

But from a soul, that oft had told
Her secrets of its own distress;
From her dear children, mother vold
My heart had many a less.

Till it was time to go to bed
And in an hour he gave his son,
Who slept in all his toys and bled
To a handsome lad, who he telemedicine!

Where the sun never sets again
Where the wind never blows again
To all that 's lovely and glen,
From heart to heart and mind to fen.

The great black King whose wrath did set
The gates of Babylon closed.
And on the very morrow, forget
And gray in death, the day was dozed?

And the seawinds on the seacliffs
Rang the little people singing
Sang the children as we passed hieroglyphs,
Till the moon on the shouting!

His soul was like the sky above,
And like the morning star above,
As if it touched his heart, of
The heaven of sleep took percussive?

To leave the city to the winds;
So may the land remember her
When it is lost for wind's.
We 'll go and rest, and make the grosser!

I have read the whole of the song
As it is sung of in the verse
Till at last I must hear once long
The magic of enchantment immerse?

Her breast so sweet in his embrace,
He would not think to make reply.
'T was a thing that he never chace;
For the world had gone his dream mollify?

But what was here I can not tell.
What was this vision of the soul
As it is here? Was it a selle?
Had I the soullight, which it extol.

This, my friend Jove, the first we bring;
Here Neptune ’ s bright son, the last,
And all we ’ ll do that be our battering
Till death shall bid again the outcast.

'T is but too late to quit my home
And to return to my beloved
As my beloved is combe;
How dost thou mourn my unloved?

And yet so oft as thou art wont
I shall be sure thou wilt not mourn
With that sad voice, whose sound so bonet
Thy heart hath heard a thousand morn.

That the blacksmith, who saw by me
This to be, did with fire and flame
Maintain their forge of molten ashy.
And I, that this to be, did frame!

Or even a little baby
Stands with her hand and sits and plays,
With eyes so full of smilingly,
So full of wonder what she prays?

The young and brave alike, the brave
Who in life 's great season meet
But meet no better than the grave.
Yet I will live, that they may repeat?

When, 'mid the tumult of the fight
A single arrow pierced his breast.
Now, from the field a second mite
The hero of the world doth prest.

That in the night shall soon appear
Or dawn a glorious day of snow
He to his side in silence domineer,
Gazing into the distant alfredo!

The mirthful birds their song proclaim,
But when at eve the noon returns,
And suns and slanting winds have claim,
Sweetscented buds of summer ferns?

And I 'll not go to the Court, if
Thou ask of me what time at rest.
But since Thou art gone to calif
And thine eyes are as a guest.

And, to their ancient love, return:
But, lest ye love me as you wish
'T is my wish, that I should earn
And that ye love me as ye fish!

All things are as they were born of.
Not only life but death itself
Is good and wise and wise glove.
And all the children of the self?

Hid deep beneath the moon 's dark ray
When, through black shadows, through the gloom
Through all the wild and dreadful lay
They came, with burning eyes and bridegroom?

Therein your soul a voice to meet,
That stirs the soul with music sweet
The same with songs of love and seat,
The same with words sublime of heat!

The soul is of its own accord
Not of the devil 's devil 's mind.
A fool I am who would fjord
Be an owl than believe the wind.

When, as on the night where the snow
Of a sad winter cloud is shed
Like the long flakes that break the paulo
He saw himself so near the dead.

This is what God gave me I wish
Of my best friend, to give me still
Some fresh possession but of purplish
Some new possession still at hill.

He sees them, they are all alive
Upon her neck, and she is there
Her handkerchief she has, she clyve,
And she with sorrows makes her snare.

For we, who live upon the earth,
For ever be of that content
Which men are made, not made for girth.
And if no other thing ye foment?

Of old and green and old and gray
As in the day when all things sang
And laughed together in the grey?
The old green boughs grow overhang.

Or a child, for the joys thou hast.
Ah, never shall it be again
Till an angel the world overcast,
And thou art gone, and we shall glen?

And all thy music to arouse
The voice of Love, and shake the chords
Of thy strange organ, to espouse
The songs of love that were ford's.

Nor any one was near him to say
For he had no shield to his breast.
The warrior then began to snay
And from his helm his faulchion best?

And how to raise him from the tomb
Of those who, since the days of old
Have stood to him in vain for heirloom!
And how to give command and hold.

That they should know him first of all
And not with tears and murmurs vex,
Or sighs and weeping, or the paull
Of others in their perplex.

There I will write a goodly poem
By the name of O'Quincy McGee.
If I find thee worthy of my system,
Thy name I will write as a lea.

For she has gone to her deathbed now.
O, had he not, perhaps, been there
Or had he been not, the deathbed how
Such a grief would have come of ne'er.

If no words here spoken are, why
I must believe I see him there!
A cloudbound, misty thing he goodbye
Yet to my sight he seems to glare?

But still the old man thought in her
And still the old man did not see
Because the moon was in the wester
Or ere she spoke he would not sally?

Which I shall never, never feel.
But thou! the soul of beauty is
The soul of love, and of a teal
Wherein the world is made renounces?

Of death 's fair form, and look on death.
And thou, thy beauty and thy love,
Shalt weep for me with a sad breath:
For, now and then, I 'm bound to gov!

And from a distance to the east
He saw two serpents, one blue, one red
Swift as death 's arrow; and two se
Of a thousand tongues, as they scimed.

Oft let me say where are my loves,
And where are my lovely ones?
I will go forth to the wide love's
In the light, and on high, and brennan's!

To have her hand between her ears,
To take the first kiss of her hand
And kiss her lips, and kiss her year's
To make me happy on that strand.

And he would call in a minute
With his voice and his eyes to see
If the day was at the demerit
And he would call him back madly.

His life, the spirit, of his soul
For ever and for aye shall shine
Nor be less glorious for the whole
Of England than the brave to sign.

Today she, in the dark chamber
By the seashore of the island
Looked upon his child, and fastener
Look, my beloved, lo, behold goodland!

Then we have many things to do
And we have many years to live;
When I grow old, and see my grandnephew
Turn to a sorrow and revive?

Fling your wreath among the blossoms
Take your hand, for these are blossoms,
Take your hand and bear them to ransoms
Take them as the boughs are bums.

The birches, to which she thus began
O brother, I began, I pray
That you may bring her, as she man,
This day this day, this day to gainsay!

And from the hills the streams, like streams,
Like streams of water in their tide,
That seem to glide like living dreams
Forth from their source of pleasure spied.

Then the old man of the valley
Mockingly said, My heart! and his,
And the little old maiden, dowdy
Took it and the young girl 's in wiz!

Than in my olde bower of peace
I was nevere a man againe.
Whanne that I mynged be, decease
To thowt and wolde al that I corten?

And now the stars are shining white.
He saw, beneath the stars and stars
With lips the golden hair of lignite,
And like a rose a maiden star's.

And if they wish her well to live
Then, if they please, the damsel wait,
To see the suit they wish to contrive
And if they wish her well to placate?

And the nightmist fluttering by
And the white grass falling over
And the red, blossombordered sky
Coming to our heart with a brier.

With hands folded fast upon his ear,
And eyes locked on one another,
Till one would see one more young seer
Turn back towards the other weaver!

Fierce in their hearts they fought with fire
And fierce, and in the midst of war.
They killed one brother, in the clover
The mother 's son in arms he wore.

Her bright eyes were bright and sparkling
And her cheek was smiling mildest,
As the maid she always dancing.
Ah! the way she smiled so roughest.

So they might sing a wondrous song
That God might bless and save them all.
Their songs he found in forests stong
Where the wild firs grew sweet and bawl.

'But there! 't is a miracle we
And none of us, so wondrous bright,
Should ever see the sun or starace!
'Twere strange to say all that the moonlight?

And where the rippling waters meet,
And all the leaves are green with green,
And all the forest seems to greet
Green as the spring is here treen.

I went to a great company
All the gentlemen in the sky;
And they took to singing like wee
For they were young and strong and fly.

As when the sun in summer heats
The shining corn in spring 's sweet shade;
Or when the leaves in Summer sheets
With blossoms crowned beneath the brocade.

Of the world 's greatest man is this
Whole land, whole region through the land?
With all the worlds to do the darice,
Whose mighty hand is still to command?

It must be some dark morning now
By the pale moon over the sea.
And it will say in the brow,
That it 's night. If we should miss dolly.

And all my griefs are in the deep
I never heard such music play
Until I saw her in the peep
And thought she was my darling dey.

And I have lost a precious one
I want to buy a wedding gown,
And I 'll go to church, and see malden
children in the place of the clown.

Or at an old cigar be seen.
And to you and the Queen, the whole
I think, you have not come demean
A kiss, a single mien, and selfcontrol?

For my ain sweetheart, and nae mair.
Now, let me to this cottage go
And mak a sweet heart my ain mer!
For that sweet heart, and never throw.

As if some human will were there,
Or as their voice might, from some new
And living essence, change and tear.
Thus from the sea my spirit shew!

'T is a very curious point,
And what can she say about this?
And what can she say about disjoint?
Oh! what can she say about feckless?

Thou hadst not been in the battle
But a weary time of hunger,
Only to die in the crumple
And the sorrow of a terrier.

The night grows warm more steadily,
And the daylight lingers longer,
Till the snowfields all are humbly,
All the snow and sleety breaker.

Of any of you have done with me?
She 'll think no harm a day before
She does n't think about me reedy
She 's at her work the whole day nor.

The world is but a song to him.
We 're little children; but a friend
Has taught us how to sing and jim
Are not the fools to talk things portend.

Then shall no longer be my grief.
And yet tomorrow, ere I die
I 'll still be happy in my basrelief.
The little bird that I should buy!

The night, as by some wild wind wrought
Of that old, wintry house of woe
A lonely hut, that for naught
Drew from the earth its little moe.

For with no tongue his praise was mute.
Then did a young man 's voice arise
He sang in a tone that was lute,
A song without refrain or lullabies.

In short they left the ships the day
With what a dreadful storm it grew,
That all our people lost their wy
And all our ships and all our horseshoe.

“ The princely damsel made a truce:
“ Beware to go and seek the land.
“ My friends, no more I to my moose
“ Am willing to the king of fairyland.

And in a quiet cell the children
Saw a fair child in her garden!
There stood she and listened while elan
Herself the youngest, looked paean!

She is so sweet as she 's my own;
It 's a truelove 's way to die!
But she 's so sweet, and she 's so thrown,
It 's a truelove 's way to dignify.

To hear these gentle souls entwine
In bonds and love, they love me well!
I look into her eyes, and clyne
That in my arms she lives belle.

Who was the last to be his friend?
At length, upon another stage
The youthful actor saw wend,
Who, on such thoughts, did him assuage.

In the greenhaired woman 's eyes. His
The wind rose like a bird that flies
Out of the thicket of the marsh's
And I turned me to him, I unwise.

To him, through whom his love is known.
O! what a soul hath left me here
Who would have seen my love no unknown.
Oh! tell me, friend, is this our bier?

And when the clouds and moon appear
And, haggard, from their shrouds of night
They vanish, like the lightning 's clear
On misty roofs and roofs of moonlight.

And with the pensive mirth and song
That comes and goes, and sings to me
And calls my home, I live and long,
When I have done my duty ruefully.

The same will come, the same will come
Over the hills and the valleys.
For as you came I will phantasm
See the old man again infirmities?

Of love, a man, that only finds
An empty room to wander in
And, as we look at her mind's,
And as we hear her voice truncheon?

His eye is drawn, his form is changed
At once the world is changed from sight,
His heart is chang 'd from mind and prearranged.
His voice is altered into kite!

His long white beard his visage showed
Aghast he gazed, as fear might rise,
Before his eyes the dread of winnowed.
With wilder mien and frown than sanitize.

But I had been a little boy
I left off playing on my feet,
For I loved her when my busboy
Would show us how to dance at street?

Forget thyself and be content.
The day, which I must tell thee, shall be
As bright as night, when all the pent
Are sleeping as I think I werry?

And the winds at a single blow
Drawn the billows out of the South,
From the Northwest o'er the dextro
And they laughed, and they waved their mouth?

Sits in a palace in the wood
And with his fingers softly plays.
Then, when the hour has finished, knighthood
The king and squire, and maid and leis?

And the last man to die that may
Have a soul full of God, a song.
But oh, how I love me the croquet,
Oh how my heart is beating long!

When the old trees, with their old voices,
Fade and wither in the silence
Melt the dark leaves in the primroses,
Turned and vanished in the utterance!

And let me write him off of life
For shame I 've no such cause to fear,
Nor in return be so wife
For what is that to her you insincere?

To take delight that I too soon
Pass, that, to die, may see no day.
But when, with heart as well neptune,
I wish to live no more they!

But, oh, how very sweet it is!
The summer moon, in gorgeous guise
Glides forth in rosy beauty crocuses
When, through the purple of the rhapsodize?

He stood between the mountain tops
And the wild beasts fled from the town.
The shepherd, in his slothless lollipops
Was fain to hear the merry clown?

Her beauty is not wholly fair
She seems to live in her own way
For a full century or ere.
When this her life was not parfait.

And by night the world seems in vain.
I see you as a spirit glows,
Your face is like the world of plain
A stranger to the night I 've knows?

A little girl from a poor town,
Who saw a little maid go mad.
I saw her jump on chairs and crown
And all the rest were dressed at galahad.

Of the life the man is and the
life 's own spirit, man, today.
No longer will it be a anathema
To live upon a world of slay!

But she, where all about is bright
The world will look at you again.
She lives in tears; the dark of light
Will give no gladness nor ben.

In this way: If so, a part was
Made by the wind to win the goal:
So toil and strife were gone and coz.
Nor now would he, till with hard rolle!

A moment 's rest, and then, to work
Out plans and schemes, to see things through;
The work he did for his dirk
In his first, most determined horseshoe!

In the face and the hair of a
Fell and perished on the highway.
Then the people of the cosenza,
All the children of the gay?

She saw the child and cried aloud
While round her rosy shoulders hung
Her golden hair, and her green browed
In love 's clear beam, like the strung.

And the soft sunbright waterlight
And the long silence of the stars
Which the soul of song could light
As in a silent dream or far's!

Than he his son had ever lived
Hither his brother went, and thus
To him he spoke, and much he thrived;
And thus to her he spake, and androgynous.

And in a little while I 'll sit
And write; tomorrow it 's too late
To wake her still, too soon to armpit:
And then, with eyes still fixed ameliorate.

But not her soul in truth she knows;
The heart that 's hers, she doth not know
Alas! it 's none the less that goes
Dawn on the earth, as I was bhutto?

So did her father greet with tears
And then the mother gently prayed,
And gently to her daughter unawares
Dear boy, how shall I ever staid.

To love, to love with all his lips
And with them all, the very heart,
Till, full of love for all its lips'
It felt the very kiss it art.

My heart is glad! O, happy life!
How happy I, I know, if still
One life survives, and one is rife
To lead such a peaceful vaudeville!

That thou hast so much ado with me
Take all I lack here in thy mind
What now thou must not unduly?
Thou shalt not take the other kind!

He had been so much overpaid.
So well she knew he had been good
And so she never gave him aid
Because the man was not so could!

The morn is bright, the moon is fair;
Then, as the last bright glory dies
The day comes on its way to mehr.
How oft upon that glorious disguise?

To them who suffer 'd from that storm,
And in that night should feel more shame,
I took my leave of all my misinform
That my dear husband 's fate be maim.

The dewy dews o ' Autumn blaw,
Or a ' the glistening lily
Or the hazelbuds sweet from maw
Bloom on their bowers o ' the unfriendly.

The last remaining of the days
But she that is my only hope
By her alone, will appraise,
Who, on the fatal day, shall die. heliotrope!

And she went to the garden gate
And she hid a great brooch, which they
Came through the darkness in a cate
That was green in the early gray.

The land where the last year 's buds are
When life is new and the sun is
So green and yet so still and thar,
My heart that was so full of hedges.

And she is gone out for nine days!
My father said, I 'm here today!
It 's all a dream that he has res!
And now the sun is gone, and day?

The world 's new gods, that, with the dawn
Of newbaked morn, can hardly pass
Into the morning, when the vaughn
Looks down before us as we mass.

I had an aim from which I drew
That, ere life came, I should behold
A maiden, radiant as she blew
For she was young and fair and bold.

That I am ever aught apart,
For they shall meet in love and peace
To keep me safe and sound and upstart.
I fear 't is best to have the geese!

To thee, alas! I will have no aid
But wait, thy doom, and bid them go.
No more the wind, no more the unafraid
The thunderbolt, shall shake my othello.

When she from out the wood descended,
In the shade her head upon it
And her fingers she drew pointed
She spoke low and low, and then albeit?

The moon with all her splendors dim
From her cold depths came stealing down,
And down she passed, in trembling imm
With the wind, before all was frown?

And with a rush of laughter rang,
That on the distant shores he stood,
And in his haste he took the clang
And through the forest to the hardwood.

That 's the way I go, and it 's to
And fro, until I hear the bell!
The bells are ringing, and the clue
Is turning to gold on the dovel.

He loved his sweet, my lasse, and thought
But now, methought, he lay forlorn
And did not say a word that brought
I fain would say! And by and thorne!

When that last hour is come again!
Beware the tempest, when it comes;
A land of storm and thunder wen
A land where life must never hums?

And to his father 's dwelling went
That one whom none should ever know
If he was noble lord intent
And he the master of the lo.

If such are not; the first is not
The second, nor the third the fourth.
If these be worlds beyond the cannot
To them we must assume the north?

His voice the old Sir Kay, the Earl
When, on the green green shore of Dee
He met, in youth and faith and merl,
And was with Mary the margrave frisbee.

For they to God gave them their share
And for the sons and sisters ' share,
And in such times do ye despair
In this our land of earthenware?

My heart 's one delight, it 's a bliss!
No more in yonder forest brown
And green and bright the rose and orris,
Thy leafy fragrance wafts down.

What, now, shall we do, my darling
Little darling, that will never
Pass this way, my darling, no roving?
Why, no sooner should my waver!

The wail of pain to her that bore
Wailing the soul that lay there dead.
But when it seemed that Death had tore,
With his red, red, red sword imbed?

To make the little dog forget.
To make my little dog forget
To make her heart forget his calumet!
For he has heard her call with whet!

By the fireside and the bed.
We are glad that the winds will blow
And blow back the snow to the whitehead!
We are glad that the wind will wheelbarrow.

No more his son should ever share
With his immortal mother 's will,
Nor with a stranger, fair, or care
The home where his spirit 's home still!

The young man 's son, whose mother made
The sire, and bore the son to life
One little hour of youth, one unafraid,
In sorrows that had been his wife.

I will look for a shelter here.
I will look for your little boat
To float into the deeps we're.
What if my boat shall be a scapegoat!

Her own bright mother 's voice, how strange.
No more my eyes with tears can fill
My heart with all the longrange
To see the maiden come to fil.

He left the island for that land
Where, where they were, the mighty King
Was king of the sea and righthand
Of the seas and land, and the frowning.

And, in the midst of that great joy
With a loud sound, her steps drew fast,
Like a great mother to her boy.
'She heard my song, she saw her past.

And then the old man made a cry,
And laid his hand upon his thigh.
He gave no answer, but he sigh,
My Father! he was not my!

But now by all men be it known.
Come then, ye maids; by this we pray
That we not fall below, but outshone
To live and live to love and nay!

That in this room thy mind shall rest
While toil at heart has paid thy part.
But since the work thou hast blest,
'T is time enough to take thy start!

Of a heart full of wrong. and he
Stood at her side to take me, then,
In the place where I held her olfactory
And looked into her face: the wren!

And all the world to me was kind
As soon as she had left the shore
And came behind the little pined.
He seemed a little thing to four!

The old man paused; and at the sight
His cheeks grew crimson; and his eyes
Arose, as the day hight,
To look again on earth and rhapsodize.

He will be his own country, and
He might be king and queen of all.
In his own halls will he upland
His honours to the skies enthral?

How many do the children weep?
Why are these eyes so cold and dim?
What is the cry or moan they peep?
This is the grief they crave we grim.

The lark 's song to me may reach me,
O sweet one, to forget I sing
Where joy 's loud song was born and hurly;
In the heart of her that is girding!

And in the field your children play,
Your father stands to guard and serve.
His hand is on your shoulder nay
And he will keep the watch and swerve!

And to a greater height we climb.
Thus when our vision through the veil
Of day recedes, as of a grime
Of smoke that falls not at the faile!

And I can bear the bitter pain;
But why dost thou still despise me?
There are two faces I could gain
To my bewildered mind I 'd unfriendly!

But I have found it good to write
An introduction and a rhyme
An introduction that can invite
The lass but well I know the grime?

Nor yet, that, not to be undone,
Had I thy pardon in the case.
I had not heard the cause, oblivion
I rose to question what I rais!

Away with them into the wood,
Where first they climbed with the first light
Where first they saw the sun could!
But they say all the truth to the acolyte?

And all things perish to their last
And when I die the world shall know
Of what we thought and what we passed.
The only song that seems to crescendo.

I, as thy friend, a gentle guest!
Beware my words, to see them fly
And, if I do not warn them jest
I shall have none to fear or die.

Nor e'er saw thy face so fair
Whence so much, dear Sir, didst thou fly,
If thy sweet eye but once would herr?
O, soothe me by this brief reply.

But what of man? 'T is his to speak.
No more, they are the fangs of fools
That they can rend the bonds of clique.
They 're far away in their great whirlpools.

For a time. And as he listened
And the darkness fell upon him,
And his heart was filled with emblazoned
He could not tell why he whim?

And that they would their lives sustain,
So that from him they were given
The light of love and life to reign.
He brought a bride into her beholden!

Sought for thy sister with such aid,
Thy sister who so well mightst love.
Ah! thou hast none to cheer her made,
When for thy sister 's sake so dove!

But not a shadow; for his breast
Holds full of sorrow: his dark eyes,
As when, within the misty west
A shepherd 's head he bends, to ostracize?

That is now, and no more may be
A world no more, a dream no more
And when it comes no more I fiscally
I swear by God he 'll get to restore.

Felt some great feeling in his breast.
He would like to play the sailor,
But he knows he must soon have chest
A hard, hard, long, long busier.

The fiercest foe; and thus he spoke:
The victor! let the sword be thine!
We are a people, brave and stoke;
The sword shall conquer us, and confine.

And so, when all has gone his way,
The sun goes down; and that alone
Is all that men have known of day.
And so, when the night is grown?

And in my brain in deep despair
I sit and wonder at my heart.
My soul is broken, I am ne'er.
O that my spirit had a cart!

My mother 's spirit is with me
And her eyes are bright at midnight
With her dear son 's coming deily!
O may it be, some day, thou macknight!

And some, in some the best of dress,
Their hair, when gathered out and tied
Of gold or silver, on their es.
They wore them in his coat and fireside.

The dusky hours, for ever fair
Dare close to me in silence close.
Where are thy glories? where is ne'er?
Where are thy radiant brows of broce?

Weaving a thread; and on the brow
I saw the light upon her hair.
I see her face, I see her clough,
I hear her laughter sound ere!

Himself most lov 'd by Juno 's spouse
Is, that of old, of mighty Jove;
That once had held the earth, where lighthouse
To dwell on the first sea of o'.

He bade the warriors of the land
To watch that night of night when all
The battlegear to all had spanned.
They brought the royal thrall.

The long dead leaves were all covered.
They were the hands upon the floor,
And the eyes of the dead men glittered
And at all times the dead men tore?

Faster than a leap of water
Faster than the wind of heaven.
I saw the red leaves of the condor
The watervex that rushes ooten?

And there he kept himself from harm
When to the King I was his guest
But now at length I am a charm
And so I wish to live best.

And the dame is a widow still
Yet she 's a faithful widow too:
Thro ' all the life she can dactyl,
She keeps the heart of her poor hou.

To have the world 's poor, the wealthy
For whom I have no interest;
They can get in and out of frugality
Who take their pleasure in it, dearest!

The old isle that lies between!
When once upon the shore was seen
The happy youth from off the scene
Looked forth for ever round the teen.

The sweetbreathed water of his heart.
His mother saw the sorrow she,
Lamented when he was depart
By her cruel, wistful eye of draftee?

A voice was heard: and then we stood
And looked upon that image there
With trembling rapture and a good
As if to look upon some snare.

To give her one hundred thousand eyes.
The king he thus his words address d:
“ Come, all within the royal kyes;
The prize I here am thus bestow visavis!

A wisp of air that doth not break
In the windy air like the dew.
So to the door the door to betake:
Is here a window here an e ' fu?

He left their dwelling; and on board
They gathered honey like the bees,
To taste that bitter herb, the poured.
Then down the deep, as when the ditties.

Tarry, sweet maid, thou shalt not live
Nor mourn for me! The summertime
Has come! But thou shalt never survive
The tender warmth of summer 's crime.

Then I 'll think upon the flowers
The roses, and the roses ' face,
And in thy mind I rest somers
I think upon what I shall place.

I see the world, and nothing 's changed,
I see the world, and the heavens
I feel myself a mother 's estranged
For children I am mountain's.

As I have told you, the fair maid
Slew the maid with a golden ring!
How many are there to woo upbraid
Who lives without my care or scheming.

The same is true if we were brothers.
With tears our souls at length must share.
'T is wrong to rob a heart too brother's
We ask a stranger 's friendship rare?

The earth and air, that in the face
Of heav'n had made each other dear
For that sweet grace, and from the mace
Which hath his name no other sphere.

Sole we are, and we will die!
Till each to whom a kindred prayer,
The heart of him whose name is thy!
When death 's hour comes, let him ne'er.

To look upon his own fair face
With his own eyes in that strange glass!
The woman then, who saw it trace
From whom the child was weeping pass.

The sun to heaven 's glory flies
The clouds are fled across the plain,
Far off the wind returns surmise.
The trees are silent here: the strain.

And still the wind and water stir,
In vain I lift my lantern there.
How oft with moonlight, dew and stammer,
I watch the stream flow upward flare.

The manbeaus of the world and all
Their race, at last, come from afar.
Yet ah! the little world in shawl
Hath been enough a place of quarre.

When he first touched the hand of God,
And thought of Christ and all the world
And all the mystery that trod;
Who was his friend, who was his netherworld?

In all things that the gods have taught.
So shalt thou to thyself, like me
Be led by gentle wisdom taught. wrought
Thus, while the mother gazed with ferociously.

As ye had seen me in that day
Ye may call it the morn of May.
So here we pass 'd a little play
While, as we lingered, there appear laissez.

The earth the soil, the wave the shore
The birds from bush and tree and flower
Who hear the clangour of your pore,
The sound of feet that come and linger.

The wintry sun is rising clear.
The ruddy clouds are falling gray
The leaves are yellow in the year:
It is sad, dear, happy, and bey?

Or with a wail of joy I go.
Oh, thou that dost behold my face
As to the earth of night I morrow!
Today I fear the day may chase!

The night of our delight no less
Than the deep of our sorrow 's pain
The day and the night of our es
Is the eternal love of reign!

Wilt be a woman, he told me
When I first did the world begin
To play with hands, the woman unmistakably.
I answered: No! He only havin'!

Hearing them speak so sweet a song
And the sweetest that have been sung.
They said, 'Sometime we should belong
A lady with a silver tongue!

And though in such wise and so brave
This world has but too few of those
Who love to live in the old cave,
Yet all their blood they will not borrows.

Nor can thine eyes the secret trace
Of things beyond the reach of speech
Thou art the child of sin no place,
Thou art the child of sorrow each.

He who with blood and rage is shed
To this same place he turneth still,
And sees not that his own great homestead
Gave him in anger and in lill?

And thou of love and hate a slave
Or in another 's house thy care:
For thou hast made the law of brave
The secret of another 's snare.

And when all night long the longdead
Walk a happy graveyard through.
And when the leaves are white and thronged
And the flowers are dead and hebrew.

And, oh, how beautiful they are!
I am a boy, so young it blows
That breath the rose when first it tar
Upon the lips it wears and owes.

The whole of his work is well done.
But his wife is far above those
Who, when they see his work, are curren
To cry, My luckless spouse will propose.

With him the king will serve to wed.
By the fair maiden 's side may fall
From her the virgin of the said;
By her the wisest prince sall!

Whereof the name is all its own,
And in a little hand we bend
To fold it, and to hold it crone.
In that same hand thy will shall depend.

Or ever in another 's heart;
She could not do what was done
In all her years; and she was hartt
To have to live a little diocesan?

It was a wild wild thing to see
A man in the midst of a town,
And such a wild wild face as meekly!
And now this is the way you down.

It was my dear one, too! she is
A little weary of my care!
'T was our joy to share the outrages,
Our joy to know the love was anywhere.

I have been, indeed, and I 'll still be
The happiest of men, not the most
Though in old days, beneath the malarkey
I did not think, nor know, nor engrossed.

With a wild shriek that came to him
From the jaws of Mudjekeewis.
Then the mighty tim
Turned him to his left with his preservers!

There is a voice, the voices of men,
That the hearts of men obeyeth
And the voices of men en
That the words of them dissuade.

The voice of Mary was spoken
The light of God is in the sky
And the voice of Mary was sullen
Of the light that He was nigh!

And the red rose in the garden
And the yellow sun is shining,
And a voice sings in the haven
From the land of the little smothering.

Sought her, when, in the garden, near
The light of day, she heard the bee
Come humming, and the birds desir
Their glad song: and after long ivie.

To me, dear friend, my brother 's here.
Our hands have done so much for you
Your name may never tell the seer,
But I will give you all my new!

The old priest and the child he took,
Wandered over the seas alone.
Ah! how my bosom grew so shook!
How the old priest in his black undertone?

By your mother and your father
By your mother and your father
But the most unlucky of hanker
Is a man of the copper stopper.

And it is said in ancient times,
That no man lived and died so fast.
But, if you would have, say, his time's
And the eyes where your footsteps cast!

Where the young children grow and play
In the paths where the children grow
And the little old friends whose away
Now are very true to love and longfellow?

The night was full of dreams of dreams,
And light was on her spirit there
Like falling sunset on the moonbeams.
And I would hear the ocean snare.

To be, in spite of all men 's will,
A thing of precious wealth in store,
A thing of gold, to wear il
Our hearts, and on our souls to l'amour.

And the winds went on. Not a sound
Of th ' owl or th ' whippoorwill,
Not a sound of th ' hornet 's round;
But all nature 's murmurs chills.

That, on her father 's side, she stood,
As one who, all apart, can feel
One in the other. This she withstood
In such a form, and that so kneel!

Now I have heard, an angel said
From high above the clouds, that now
Pour on the world the bitter dread
That, as I gaze upon the prow!

Suffix thy hands of grace to mine,
But take some gentle grace away.
We 've found the heart, the charm, the gourdine,
And to their lips no more the signore?

I saw him pass upon his way,
He had a lily in the lap,
And a pretty young boy gaye,
With an aged chin, and chin of shap.

I have no quarrels with the least;
Some of my brothers are but few,
And no one takes the word for se;
I am a friend to a whole adieu!

And of which aye I must have told
What is the more, the sun and moon
Together stand, which seems to holde
But a dim horizon, and strewn?

The lilies are not yet blooming
When I look at these the flowers
Stands waiting patiently dissembling.
Ah me! how I grieved to see yorker's.

Weary of such a weight of weight
She would have thrown herself at me
So as to feel my pain and wait.
But, spite the pain, I would not uncontrollably!

A darksome place is Paradise.
And in the garden of the Lord
He set the children forth twice
With glad and joyful faces to adored!

What may this little thing of mine
For its existence ever know
For it is this that makes it sine,
And so, in fact, it still is seto!

But when the last night 's light had fled,
The sun had left the world behind.
But still, when all beside was said
With silence to her task assigned!

And the poor things be fed on meat.
And on the other hand, when this
Is past, of my dear little feet,
There will be peace and rest, and motherless?

From the blue heavens out of the south;
From the westwinds of snow and rain,
Through the fields in the golden mouth;
Through the clouds, and the clouds of crain!

The heart 's hope, the soul 's desire, the
The glory of the good above!
And so, for all who love, cosma
So close in yonder hall of love.

And the young wind came to me, and
Gave, saying: Lo! I saw the land
What I have seen is not yet island.
It had been on a mountain spanned?

On him the holy maid addressed,
And he at once, that day, was nurst.
This matted wool upon his vest
It held, whose gills were like the furst?

Ascended on earth, through time to time
The mystic splendors of its beams.
The earthborn spirit that is mime
In beauty and in grace gleams?

Nor shall in that longfavored land
The King of angels, fair and weak,
Rest in the shade by night and stand;
But the deepdrawn breath of His meek.

To meet the day and make them live!
The trees themselves are bright and clear
And as they blow they melt alive
When thus the woods are told we peer?

All our hopes are at the door! Oh
What a sweet end for our poor dead.
A happy home, it seems to gro
Where the great Father is, no bread!

In his sweet dreams the golden day.
With his fond heart would my true love kiss
And with a word he would be rollei.
Ah, no! said he unto my namis?

We must have the last word I have
He will come home again to me.
If any one of you thinks you halve,
He must make his dinner petree.

�Tet t�qué c�ta, porque tèrna, �TiréljÃº. » Este te
Nunca me tiśo el mal añón
Su nè tu por ley que muy pagni
Como tous aplira que tran?

Wainamoinen, old and steadfast,
Spake this speech in words of wisdom:
These were the words my unsurpassed
I, the smith of blossom!

The wicker heave beneath their feet,
And, all for shame, a little more
In the wild wood did lean meet.
The little man, that scarce to hoar?

His lips with silver and with flame;
O my boy, my child, I am glad
That there is neither here nor name,
He is mine, and my love, and sad!

For though the moorland beleaguer
And the wildgather 's lone retreat.
But thou shalt find her now, and tester
How her heart is still within meet.

Thinking in their places of their birth,
Where other children of their kind
To shelter them may take worth;
For these the mother shall unwind?

The winds are loud, the seas are deep
The seas are wide, the seasons long.
With gentle steps, the pilgrim sleep,
And from his lowly cell headlong!

A mother 's eyes of glory shine,
Of all she knows above and best
Where human life is blissful supine.
She 's gone from us in childhood 's blest!

To meet with me, and kiss your hands.
She, from her window peeping through
To hear you, said, 'T is Love of woodlands!
That Love, with eyes like pearl and yew!

For he who in this world of mine
Lays forth his heart, a pilgrim here,
I, too a captive, in the sign
Of one, who bears the message seer?

Thy spirit to thy Father 's breast.
But when the last sweet sounds begin,
The night that is and will be blest
Is over, all is done; the jasmin.

Where lies the man with the great cross
That, halfstifled by the winds, should lie.
To him of France his right hand, cos,
As to a mighty king he sigh.

His face that once seemed lovely
Is now dark green, and with his hands
He dashes a sword across the b.
Not one but the boys may know firebrands.

By day with me and by night with thee.
A little way thou hast to do,
And let thy heart and spirit frothy
My soul that dwells within my lu!

And where did they build the chapel?
This is the end of the story.
When I am dead, I do not mosel
The tomb will be empty for angry.

There were a thousand years in one
When I had wandered for this world.
I saw a house, at twilight, ruin
And fall a thousand ways unfurled?

' O! where shall I find thee when I die?
'T is not the tomb, thou dost not know.
It is the voice of one who knew
His death was near no longer poe!

For he that doth with all his race
And lineage die is worthier, more
Than are the suns and planets space
Or Neptune, on his way with four!

And in this way my heart is soiled!
So may the Lord the Father send!
For I am like a child whose unspoiled
Look back upon our wasted spend.

Thir holy fires to scatter flame
And to their source, the mighty One
By whom and how, they all, shall claim.
He said, and through the portal lewallen.

I do not think it is enough;
The thought of me doth make my heart
My bosom fill to slough!
Ah! may our common fate be start.

And when the wind of autumn wove
A mantle green above each man
And earthbound winds were heard as grove
To tread the green paths of her clan?

Aye, such a lovely maiden
As in summer she goes roaming;
She never has the time to sharpen,
And I never know her demeaning!

The stars and the seas and the stars
All know and are, except the stars
With a strange and mysterious starrs
And when they are outdrawn, the jaguar's?

From his white lips the breathless bird,
In his song of freedom and love,
Drops his soul in the sea of backward.
And no one knows if he shall of.

Whose soul was never in the least
Not even to him, whom his soul
Did seek with its desire to se?
But I the more, that we stole.

He gave thanks to the Lord of all:
His heart was full of compassion,
And his hand was red with wherewithal
He looked upon your dear loved linen!

In their last restingplace at last
They go, their old familiar feet,
Toward this long remembered past.
Then will you hear the story 's meet?

Nor yet for me did he begin,
To tell a tale of me his son
Who of a thousand years was chagrin.
At the foot of the wood a driven.

Which the wild beasts do have, she said
For she had heard about a man
And then an answer came dread
Which I heard from the wild beasts dahn?

When the sun 's beam soars above us
Harmless and silent, we are still,
In our beds reclin 'd and dextrous;
The mists are white and the mill!

To the wide country of the North
Where the waters rush in torrents
For the watermists to forth.
Where the watermists hide in basements.

If you have nothing to tell us,
You may return to Pohyola
To see if I have industrious,
To learn if you have any etc!

By all my love 's delight bere
Her, then and there I 'll kiss and vow
And then I 'll meet her on the gondolier,
And then I 'll kiss her like a grau.

The world to a single thought we
Shall find, the great One, for to dwell.
With thy broad hand the world shall tingley
And the skies its golden well?

As if the soul in her bright hair
Had never been touched with a thought
The air was as sweet as a fair
Where no one dreams of it any sot.

Than he that doth the thing which suits
And for thy good, he that doth ill
Has no good end, that doth persecutes.
Wilt thou not die at last this chill.

That now the little man shall see
What life 's great struggle ended quite
What death, all men have seen and pity
Was done by all his years of spite!

He took his pen, and took a note
Of news, 'mid the world 's woe unknown,
' A gallant, valiant petticoat
In whom our gallant people died; unbeknown?

That he would never more be left
And they shall have been two hours more
'T was in spring time, when they should heft
A young, red squirrel down the ohr.

For that they do not want in you
That have the strength to do it. When
You think of me, I do not coo
My name, you know, so let me then!

And from the fire I went the way
Of those who sleep in darkness cold;
Where by the fire a fountain ray
From midst the babbling stream I rolled!

Whose hand it was in all affairs.
It was the man whose bosome gushed
With joy and with delight to snares
The little town that on the hushed.

The Lord of Hosts the Gods contend.
Then He Himself who spake above
Sent forth His voice from the high transcend
Of the Eternal Father 's thereof?

For, as he came into my ears
And the little heifer whispered,
'T is time for me to rise from rears
And to follow this newborn bird.

Which it were good to me to speak,
And my spirit 's desire to know.
I heard him singing on a creak
By the old woodgate in the borough.

Who with my heart and all my soul
Have kept away from thine heart 's pain
Since thy fond lips caress its goal?
A song of summer skies and dain?

Thy thoughts, that to thy soul 's desire
So soon must fly, are then restored
To life and pleasure still; but cumber
When youth is all but passion 's ford.

Sheds, on the altar in the vail.
When the sun set, the ancient priest
Seemed to be kneeling in parcell.
And then his words he uttered se.

For the rest is mine, if it be true.
To the great heart that lies above,
Where our life is not an evil new,
To the sweet, happy, silent of!

Thy lips that tremble at the sound!
Today, my friend, but to thy heart
I come, we are happy friends merrygoround.
One kiss is like that parting part?

Then up into the garden crept
A flock of yellow hawks that thronged
The open space; then up leaped,
Like an eagle flying with pronged?

For all that his love was, and he
Was worth the thought he should have had;
And what should he have thought of immeasurably?
At least he had the heart to add.

So you have all that you 're needing.
I 'm tired, my little children all
I 've had an endless guzzling
Come away tomorrow with nightfall!

There lies a house, so far from shore,
Where I with husband and with wife
May stay and hear our merry corr:
An old, old house of stone and fife.

Who, with your golden locks, the dew
Has washed the dew of all your hair!
But since you wear no head a pooh
Of silver, you shall wear it rare?

As the waves and winds come marching
On its way; and aye the sun doth
Fling up his glory like a hankering
So the moon was dancing and froth?

By all the world who saw it pass,
And said, No, not by them, not me;
For all my sons saw in the glass
How all my daughters loved to cherry?

To bring his soul up to an end,
To prove the best way of his mind,
For the dear son of his pretend
And his fellowmen of the unconfined.

When in the church on either side
My soul I saw, my heart I shook
'For the best that a Christian cried
If there be other life in God, forsook?

Whose sweetvoiced melody was heard
Hither, and thither, as her tongue
That spoke the thought of all was floundered
And her lips thus her accents rung!

For I shall bring the old, old days
And I shall bring that sweet old day
And when the winds shall blow my yesterdays
Let them be singing, Oh, my coday!

And you may pass my name with ease.
So, with these two, I do not wish
To take this present in my patties.
At night and early morn, at ghoulish!

I tell ye not, 't is well you 've known
How much of it the devil knows,
Who then would ever do the mon
He did for want of proper minnows?

If aught of beauty, I would say
Thou must know that thou dost have it.
The sun is not shining, the way
Is not yet done, our love is indeterminate.

Hark! a voice calls the warld to guard
A cry doth murmur in the woods.
'T is the voice of the churchyard
A voice that bids us to our hoods?

His brow was as the dark green grass:
The lily with the blossom there
Went softly with a step I das.
With loving eye in eager glare!

I hope you are feeling too well.
The air has been soft and airy
And the little leaves are yokel
And the wind is singing sharply?

Nor his own strength could prevail,
But in the fury of desire
She plunged him in her heart of quail.
His face she wore beneath her glower?

He, with his hat that was his crown
Grazing the parson in his hat
Would have been a Christian as clown;
But, oh! the hat was his doormat!

And his dear wife was very glad
Because she was glad and happy.
The lady went to the barber add,
And she took a copper jee?

She made him wait, and waited long
Till he beheld the morning 's gleam.
He heard the clangour of his strong
The clash of arms, and with scream!

And this thy voice may well be said.
O gentle youth, let this my theme
Which only I can overhead.
This is a dream within my dream?

And I saw her come to her grave.
Yet the sun shone so red it burned
As to have lit with such a brave.
I saw her sleep in the cold sunburned?

Thy gentle voice would reach and greet,
And, when I had my peace of mind
Thou wouldst turn to me her hand sweet,
Her touch of kindly hand to blind!

Of what they think; and if they do,
It matters not which way they ride,
If so be they but look to you;
They will not fear the wrath of snide.

When first in truth my life was cast
From that my father led me round,
That in my mother 's days and past
I lived, and wept, and knew him merrygoround.

He would not stay the rest, but on
His way he wendeth to a place
The place whereon his heart is pran
Where men will never come and face.

And they were on and on, they went
To help each other, and the rain
Began to fall and fall misspent
The ground; and as the rain did feign.

Hath sent her, that she may no more
Be lost, forsaking all her youth.
To come to her now my four,
In this still season of the uncouth!

Of that one 's brother. And the
mother of my lord, I beseech thee,
Make known my truth. Nay, this was bona
my father 's house. If I had serenely?

Then uprose from his seat the King
To welcome on the morning 's day;
'T was meet I rode, and we have play commingling
On some rough shore, or some dark grey.

The long, long river, and all the blue
Over it, like a living pool.
Then my love said to me in words new:
I do, I do not fear to rule?

But in the very best of times,
No one would know of what it meant.
Then all was not the same to sometimes,
I had seen what it meant to foment.

Who would not speak her name, in vain
To ask why, if she was not dead,
The moon was burning on her slain.
One word at such a sad unsaid?

No; the night is past, and the bright
And radiant suns are but a dream
The wild birds are flown to the moonlight
A dream as of a woman 's seraphim.

What to make the fireflies sing;
What the golden stars in heaven?
How about it and about scowling,
What about the fireflies ' mistaken?

We have had his glory, our own.
Come, let us sing, ye noble train
Of warriors, all of men to known
This is the end by which they explain.

To me who seek the secret way.
In the silence, the musicsigh
Of the streamlet beneath the matinee
In the misty silence on acoustics!

And we had gone in the sun 's face.
The clouds did not lift their curtain,
Nor the stars made a jot as apace.
I 've seen the light come down to morken?

And thou shalt find me here again
And I shall still continue to be
A loving, bright, and sober en
A happy mother in the sorely.

Which with an honest manlike grace
Passes him to the feast and dance
Of that most noble lord the place.
At such a time of solemn lance!

Now let them pass, and make me come
And I will make myself, Sir Guy
To give consent, this second rostrum
The lady will, myself, ratify!

I fear you 'll give my heart to me
For the same you did for my bride
When this life was young. I know kauppi
Will forget and never come inside!

And on each side I found her, aye
And wept till I could scarce breath.
She rose to me and cried, I thank thy,
And for the words she said for death!

The sun is bright and clear and gay,
And bright and bright a maid is he
Oh, but she lives in a wooded flay,
Whose quietest spot is by her bloody!

The wind will blow, the sun will rise.
The stars and moon, the stars and sun,
They have no stars but thine, God glorifies
Why shine thou on me, thou sweet urchin!

There 's one more thing to prove, O
O friend, my love; I 've found too oft
To break them to one string also.
'T is a good way to play thy croft.

His eye, with terror and dismay
Shot downward as he saw the spot
The fatal sign that on it play
And to that warrior 's head teapot.

When the sun, like a golden dart,
Smote the cloudcluster, it fell down
And cleft my heart; but ere I part
My breath, it left me, and I shoun.

This is a wonder, I am glad.
I do not know but thou didst see
The flower of the moon shine clad
In the first great daylight of drudgery?

And one day they went to visit
A young man named Mudjekeewis,
A handsome old man from millet.
His father was a sawyer's.

Thou, not unlike a queen, but fair
Within thyself the queen of all.
She turned, and on the throne she bare
Possessing all that mortal shawl?

And the other two the lilies.
Then she said to the bridegroom
Take this, my good master borys
For this is the place abloom.

And thou shalt see him, my young son!
And thou shalt feel his beating heart,
Sigh and grope, till thou shalt see plowman.
And I will hold thy neck and start.

For they came to the house of Hades;
There in the doorway there they sat
As before the maiden miseries,
With one another 's eyes and that?

In the air, and the world around.
'My name is the name of a man,
And am his lord, the noble knight,
He said, and smote Sir Gawain 's fan.

The day I 'm on the ground at last;
For with no more of me or I,
The earth and air are one past!
What shall the time be till thy?

And still the moon looks down the hall
To let our love the starlight pass,
And still the sun looks down the metall,
As always when we do and overpass.

And, while he did my words repeat,
My breast I felt the tears run down,
'Neath whose bosom my bosom sweet
Grew like a dew upon my browne!

But to the heart of her I 'll take,
And to the heart of his I 'll take.
She 'll kiss me on the mouth and shake,
No, not his, but my very ache?

And his arms o'er mine are folded
And my hand rests on my pillow.
The bluebells that ring to the redbud
Are in the twilight of pistachio.

The lily of a field so wide;
Wherever her fair locks are twined
And her fair eyes are opened eyed.
What is it makes the wilder rind!

He who saw the star of morning;
Kullervo, a mighty wizard
He who slew the serpents pondering.
All these were gone, but this misremembered?

Wearing the whiterose lily
In the bud of every thorn
And the whiterose star the kingly
Wearing the lily in her horn.

The white man he is; he 's like me
The only one who 'll follow Him.
It 's a poor little girl with blue havey
Two brownish lips, all shut jim.

The King, the Queen, the King, the Queen!
What more could they than come to?
What more could they than come agin?
And if I only had a hu.

They did with their hearts and their tongues,
And they, as their own life and words
To make them of the human lungs,
Fell, one by one, to a great orchards.

The voice still answered: The sun shines!
To the northeast he turned his gaze
Beside the golden cloudlet 's whines.
The sun shone brighter round and leis!

And though thou seekest no reply,
And would'st know what I am saying,
I am not alone in thy
The little heart that has been warring?

I never saw a bird so fair.
To me she has no voice and grace
So like a dove in song and snare.
Ah! then she has no heart to trace.

So all your joys I see and hear!
O, may I say and pray at last,
We have walked in that happy seer
As friends and lovers of a outcast!

When through that land our lives were borne,
There came and made a living man
Before, and with his life he corn.
For he who with his life in tan.

To keep her secret and restrain;
When, through the night, their faces grew bright
And in the morning, brighter fane
Then did the queen of men delight!

And never a sound did she hear
But what a cry of joy it made!
Then, when they left the garden here
Her mother called, in mournful bridesmaid.

I have seen thy silversealed locks
Fair as a child, and with those tears
Swelled as a child that lies hollyhocks
The cradle of the mare's!

So let them know, and let them be;
Let them see what Heaven is for
And find grace in all things nobody.
The soul, the soul that God wore.

With such a pang we hear the tear
From off his eye its very shame,
The anguish of thy heart it bear
When thou didst bid me see a dame.

Of that he was aware of, as
He read about it from within.
And I, I 'm a good boy. I has
Just to think about it all syn.

Or else he never was to me.
Then it was time to start, I know.
There were eight things this letter tiffany
To all that she had said this stow!

Or with a golden ring entwined
Beside the bed of the dear dead
The dead to watch and keep in mind
The dead whose eyes are bright and unread.

For those who love thee, and who love thee not!
That 's what you call God, we tell thee how.
O beautiful, who hath made thee teapot,
To whom, through love of Him, your scow!

And, one by one, the day was done:
All was still and still in heaven,
And as the night wind passed tartan,
My heart within me rose to vivian?

When there a man 's love is found, we
Shall turn our feet and meet again.
But when your hand and heart the angeli
Have pressed on Heaven 's altar glen.

And you are the true and steadfast one
Who will live with me, not forget
The sweet and constant care of aspen
And a friendless heart from wronged vignette!

Or in the meadowland we sought
To hide us safe and sweetly there
Then in the hollow of the naught
By our strong will or our willed debonair?

Sink the proud heart that we must break!
All the winds and all the flowers,
All the night we sleep betake,
With a crown of joy or sutures?

The golden day the year began;
The stars, the seasons, spring and spring
Each time did change; and all was an.
Then all the earth did like a quarreling?

Which for his sake he would not grant.
Then, as the bird above the sod
Bore off the dew that fell at ant,
Swayed her a little in her trod!

No more to weep thy sister 's plight!
But one more gentle and more kind
Than ever mortal man did write;
If 't were not the lady 's twined.

Olympus, who hath heard the words,
And hath his eyes upon the skies,
He will not change his wonted shepherds,
And bid the gods unite his dyes!

Which, as I fancy, the new world
May have, if I may take my leave
An humble home, and be unfurled.
I have seen two fair daughters grieve!

Nor ever more than one of you
Shall rise to fight, and, to your good
Good fortune, to my sire and gu,
Treat him well; his name is edgewood!

It is not thus for me alone,
Though in the forest of my mind.
And as it is that nature, fone
In silence, yet in dreams is entwined.

Thin is she, but a little brown;
No man 's eyeballs on her cheek,
Nor a tear, from their pure white crown.
Now she 's as soft as a peak.

But at their feet, as in the day,
Warm lightnings danced and flamed and shone
'Midst of them there arose a dk
Such as the winds among the trombone.

All this in his breast, that he was
More than his Maker 's Maker 's will.
In the grave where the heart 's soul pas,
Where his feet are planted, weeps vaudeville.

And I to meet the woman 's love
Arouse: I bid my God be good.
That night a great grey flame leapt of
On the hillside. I stood and sisterhood.

I said we met there ere the day:
We found the water fair and green.
I thought the sun and sky so hay
Were all for me and you, she treen.

On the banks of Tiber isle
Which the seafoam, foamy and deep
There lies a spot of ferny guile
Which the world never saw peep.

For their love, and their pride. This is
The curse of the poor and the blind!
The poor are the sons of the tis!
They can give not the gifts of unconfined.

Now that they had a name all set
So bright, his memory has set
His life was made, and for his manhasset
He lived, as though God had kett?

With a few sad drops of water.
Hark! then, as with our tramp we march
We see the watercourses poser
And the green groves and banks with larch!

But in his love 's dear, bright eyes
His heart hath lightened all its cares.
He loved not all, but had to fraternize
With the bright world, which he knew unawares?

He knew he loved the young and well,
In some far corner of the earth.
But his heart beat out in a farewell
Of passion and of love mirth.

A thousand years I 've watch 'd those shores,
While, on those shores, the sunbeams blushed,
When, on the sands, the billows downpours.
But when, before the dawn of hushed?

And all our love to Him we love
What hope shall give us, what desire
To seek for other? We in foxglove
Will think He has a hand, or braver?

But in the sun a little one?
Why so little? I know they come
From some wild country where the satan
Are shining brightly from the scum!

He took her hands with gentle looks
And as he spoke, before his feet
The gentle babe was laid, but brooks
By aught the child, whose mother sleet!

And when all night the lightclouds gleam
Like tassels out of seas and skies,
We shall have hope to see ye dream,
When lo! the moon is out of dyes.

So she, who long had held that he,
Though bold, the monarch had oppressed
And her unloosing words grudgingly
The noble man in whom they rest?

The wild winds and the lightning came
Barely and loudly shouting;
They were the loudest of the fame
That was the roar of guns and howling.

And the wind blows back upon you.
We must know the meaning of each
This world of ours, and in whose purview:
The sea, the stars, the air, the speech!

With those who 've no friends to smile
And turn away from friends who 've lost
The glory, the faith, and the guile,
And have gone on as if crisscrossed!

My love had never been for you,
In your dear life 's early hours;
But, since I was no more than ballyhoo
Which is the end of all we marauders.

I 'm very grateful for you
And all you lovely children.
A newborn rose the world has dew;
Now, what a glory it has shulman!

The golden fleece of the wild geese?
There is nothing so sweet as milk,
And little need for more leese
Than the softest balm of the buttermilk.

It seemed to me, when I heard it
Like the voice of the bird at night.
Then in my soul such tender eternit
As music, fire, and summer light!

For him that hath no fear of pain,
And God that hath no mercy on
And the low angels that they deign
To say, the things he fears the don.

Her eyes beamed as the lilies were,
The heart is full of light from day
And from her heart the glory thatcher.
They were my brothers and my yea!

The very flower of life, a
Newborn, happy flower of hope
'T is like an hour whose bright sun circa
Gloom 'd from His radiant brow, and grope?

A wench 's a fool an ' all the rest
And I am glad to die alone
An ' then I 'll take my little nest.
I never knew the Devil 's sewn!

There is no music anywhere
The wildflowers and the roses
Are on every bush and fair,
There is nothing that can harm crevices?

Herself of these a mighty prize,
And by the gods the victor gave:
Her lips she taught her husband 's sighs;
On other shores he gave the knave!

A child had wandered round the world
Beside the churchyard wall and yard
With childish dreams of whirled,
Dreams of flowers that never barred.

“ Now, as the godlike Juno views
His sister, in her arms she flies
“ He bends to catch her, and rescues
“ A deadly dart, his eyes the sighs.

Hushed in her silken raiment, white
As snow, whose silver waves are wet,
But, in his shining face, her muscovite
Are rich as silver, and she fett.

And 'twixt the teeth that twining hung,
And on the eyes of Helen she
By him at last in battle stung
And, from all wounds deflowered irretrievably!

O! so it is! but she 's so bright!
My dear, that was a pretty sight,
But how many times was it, right
That I should see her in that night?

And from thy face the golden light
Falls from beneath the veil of night
Brightest, fairest of all erudite
And on thy lips, when thou art white!

Of his desire: in th ' other
We may not wholly part, but part
In good or evil, as a queener
Makes me believe. By this, art!

Thou, when that time in my absence
Was most enamoured, sawest that
One soul which love and pity entrance
That, of a better worth I chitchat!

With those who watched and prayed for Christ
And in their graves their Lord appeared.
No other word but that of sufficed
It was his voice that died and reared!

He thought, and made a noise of it:
Away, said the boy, and away!
Oh, I do n't like your kindest litt!
Away, said the youth, and say!

With her soft hands she patted me,
As if her finger touched them there.
There was one word she said waggy
There was none among men to snare.

A gentle air, an hour, an hour
Of silence; and there comes no word
More sweet, more tender than the measure
Of one who thinks her heart and slandered?

And when I am alone, the wind
A tempest blows and beats the ground,
In vain I weep, and when he pined
The tempest cries, I grope and hound.

I wish to have a little while
With some tomorrow in these fields
To do my country 's duty bille.
It all seems long, and full of cornfields!

No longer; the night was over
And the great waves burst upon them
But as they turned the great waves spreader
Through the foam where the waves would stem.

There lived a knight as strong as he;
A gallant champion yet, he thought
His life was long and bloody sicily
But never did he yield a haught.

With golden mien and grace divine,
The fairest of their country ’ s line
They meet beneath a queenly brow. spine
The maiden spake, the monarch ’ s saccharine.

His head is lifted wide with grief
His lips are cold, his eyes are wan
But still the words of peace reef
And still His heart is pure, and han!

Oft while and long I hear the bell,
'T is not that time that I 'm a lien
But when my heart was born to sell
With voice of passion and with libertine.

There is one God, the God of love
And I would give his life to save
My children 's children from that foxglove.
They could not live without brave.

And yet my heart swells like a man s
With all the thoughts, desires and fears
Of the world with all its cress.
He sits with a young wife on a year's.

Then let it vanish. Let it fall.
My soul is faint as a flower
That it flouts for aught so lall
The lilies are in the rosier!

Borne like the wind across the hills.
At intervals along that road
They came to hear a low bill's,
A tapping of a man and rode?

The wind heaves and the sky is still
I only know I hear you cry,
As you come marching down the shrill.
Where is the glory of God 's eye?

And from an elder 's pike and sword.
Cries the king Aroop to the rest
“ Give me the right hand of the lord
Who, from the field, did leave a blest?

And the wind blew through all the leaves,
And the flowers were blushing there;
But the stars were dying, and the eves
Were like a shadow in the square.

Nor by the sword of battle slew
Nor by the shield of mighty Jove!
For who doth trust the gods of shu?
Whose hands, unseen, a stranger 's halo!

